 The bench is very nice . I had a few pieces that looked like they were painted over scratches and some of the metal were scratched . I was unsure of some of the screws as you can not tighten it too much or is strips the plastic . wasnt sure on the indents on the metal bars which way they were suppose to go on . the bench broke after sitting on it three times . The glider bar broke . the weld is not very good or sturdy .
 Chair is the product ordered , however it came with gauges in the arms . The chair was well packed and the damage appeared to have happened at the factory before wrapping for shipment . Poor quality control . Not worth returning the product . Other than that , the bench is substantial and as promised . I have pictures taken while I was unwrapping , but could n't figure out how to include them .
 I was originally pleased with the make of the washer but the connector between the washer and hose broke , when i ordered the replacement parts it took them over 1 `` YEAR '' to get the replacement parts to me . That is not a typo and i find it ignorant that it took that long to replace a plastic part that they should have had mass produced with plenty of spares . Do not buy , the customer service is horrible and the machine breaks easily , not to mention to get it fixed takes a year .
 Got this JUNK from the Thank You network . It failed even the assembly test - the thing is so badly manufactured that the connection to which the pressure hose connects on the body of the washer was completely misaligned . There was no way I could connect the nozzle . OK - I thought it happens . I tried to call their 1-800-521-8559 support number and was on hold for 42 Minutes both on the Customer Service and Sales lines and then they cut me off . I did not even talk to a human ! Their website is a joke . This is a typical bottom of the barrel Chinese company trying to dump poorly built stuff on the consumer . DO NOT BUY this and encourage such companies that dont give a hoot about the customer.I 'm returning this and telling every retailer to dump this.AM
 I used this product once , a couple of years ago when it was brand new . Since then , it 's been stored in my heated garage and I took it out today to begin to power wash my deck . Unfortunately , it only supplied enough pressure to water a house plant . I saw water leaking from the unit and decided to call McCulloch service . They said yah it 's broke , a new part is 600.00 dollars , she continues , you can get a new one for that amount -LRB- dah no shh -RRB- and attempts to sell me a new one . -LRB- what nerve -RRB- Surely , their support staff was trained at comedy school . The piece of junk breaks after one use , they do nothing to stand bye their product , and offer to sell me a new model . -LRB- clowns ! -RRB- This product and it 's support warranty is a total piece of garbage . If you buy anything this company makes , you are wasting your money , Stay away , you are better off using your garden hose for a pressure washer . The sooner this company goes out of business , the safer the buying public will be ! . You have been warned !
 This machine does a decent job of cleaning when it works , but it breaks way to easily for the price , and its not built well enough to justify fixing . Too many cheap plastic parts . Consider it to be disposable if you buy it .
 When we got this product it worked great . After a year though , the pressure is next to non-existent and I can not find a troubleshoot guide to find out what the problem is , or how to fix it . I consider myself very handy and can usually figure these things out , but this one has me stumped . It acts like there is air getting into the system and the result has been damage to the motor or something.The company is absolutely no help at all in advice for fixing this machine.Sorry , but I can not recommend it as highly as those who are doing so .
 i never got this to work , it shorted out and is made out of cheap plastic . did n't come with all the attachments would not recommend this product
 I bought this bag holder to use in my yard to collect leaves anddog droppings . The construction is very flimsy and the little tabs that hold the bag in place are VERY VERY hard to get off ! . After several months , it now can barely stand up by itself and I have to constantly tighten the wheels and other screws . It would be nice if it was better made and sturdier and if it had a cover to keep out the flies ... It seemed like a great idea , but the products is not well made .
 When this product arrived parts were missing . When we tried to assemble it the welded joints fell apart . I would n't waste the money . Buy another type bag holder .
 This product although is a very good idea is cheaply constructed and the clips that hold the trash bag in place are very hard to get on and off and you end up ripping the trash bag . Keep your twenty bucks and give it to one of your kids as payment to hold that trash bag for you .
 I often struggle when trying to empty the clippings from my lawnmower into a garbage bag and I had hoped that this product would make that task easier . I was disappointed , I must say . The frame is very thin and unstable . The assembly instructions were hard to understand and the product was hard to assemble with only one set of hands . I am not pleased with this product at all . It seems as though it would collapse if I were to use it for my intended purpose . I do not recommend this product at all .
 The product seemed like a good idea but wish I had read all of the reviews before ordering . The product is not sturdy at all . It did n't come with the number of screws noted on the instructions so I had to go out and purchase more in order to finish putting it together . That was after I spent way to much time trying to decipher the instructions . Also , the clips that hold the bag to the frame are very tight and very difficult to put on and remove . I 've torn every bag I 've used . I hate wasting my money ; but , I 'll have to buy a better one .
 The directions to put this together were unclear and failed to note that you need to use really oversized bags . After a few uses the sides have already broken . The clips are really hard to put on and off the the rack .
 poor instructions , had to modify by creating new holes in the metal . The rubber bag clamps were too difucult to remove so replaced with wood clothespins . Do n't bother with this thing .
 this is not well manufactured i recieved it in a timely manner . but the product is poorly constructed my husbandand i put it together easily but the cotter key to hold on the wheels are made of flimsy material , might as well have been foil . and the screws did n't fit well . i was really disappointed in it . DO N'T BUY IT SPEND A LITTLE MORE AND GET A BETTER ONE . HOPEFULLY IN OTHER WORDS POOR DESIGN EXCUTED WITH SUB STANDARD PARTS .
 The parts are defective and not what is shown on package . The round top ring that holds the bag ends up being at a 45 degree angle because the side bars are defective . What is seen on package is not what is in package so the final product is not at all what is advertised .
 The item as pictured was not sent . Instead a holder was sent that had no provision to hold the leaf bag nor did it have wheels . Not worth the ; money
 This is the biggest waste of money I have spent in a long time . It did n't even make it through one bag of leaves . I would demand my money back but it would cost too much to send back . Ca n't believe Amazon still has this piece of trash in their online shopping department . Take my advice and save your money !!!!! I would have given it no stars but did n't have that option . In my opinion it rates 00000 stars ...
 I order this on April 5 , 2011 and return it to Taylor Gifts on April 11 , 2011 they received it and I requested a credit to my account on MasterCard as of May 12th 2011 I have not received a credit . I DID NOT Like this product it was not sturdy enough . Please help me.Mary Lane28 Bonaire DriveHampton , VA 23669Mlane27716@aol.com
 The product is very bad . The spot weld connecting the metal hoop to the main upright failed , and one of the support rods sprung free when the connecting screw stripped the threads holding it . This all occurred after only using this product three times . The pieces are in my garage waiting to be disposed of . Do n't waste your money.Joe G.
 The worst item I have ever purchased it is so flimsy you can only fill it to half full putting it together nut and screws stripped out and had to go to ace hardware to buy new bolts and nuts save your money
 We ordered this plaque as a house warming gift . We were under the impression based on the photo , that the plaque would be able to be hung on the house . When we received the item , not only was the number of the house not in the center , like pictured , but it came with 2 steaks to be inserted into the ground , with no way to hang it on a house . I understand it says `` lawn '' in the title , but it is clearly pictured hanging on stone . I contacted Shopzeus stating that the number was not in the center and it could n't hang on a house . They sent a new one , with the number in the center , but still unable to be hung on the house ! I contacted Shopzeus again and asked for either a full refund or a plaque that can be hung on the house . It has been over 2 weeks and they have not answered my email . This item is very misleading and should not be pictured as it is , if it can only be used in the lawn . I am extremely dissatisfied with this product and would never buy from Shopzeus again .
 This is a nice looking feeder and it attracted lots of beautiful finches , but the squirrels quickly figured out how to pop out the plastic inserts so that the seed spills out onto the ground . It is a poor design to have removable inserts in the feeding ports . Overall , a waste of money as I have to buy a new one now .
 I received this bird feeder , liked it , but when I tried to assemble it someof the parts were missing . The hooded pieces were missing .
 I purchased this as a replacement for an old roll up tatami mat that I purhased at least twenty years ago . These are perfect for taking to the beach but could n't find them local now . The tatami is woven tightly so that it keeps the sand off . Saw this and looked like a good idea.These are really three separate tatami mats , each about 11 '' wide by about 6 ' in length , joined by a blue canvas strip that runs the full length -LRB- top to bottom -RRB- . It is colorful and handy , folding up in to object about the size of a large book with handles.Problem I ran into was that the strip joining two of the panels ripped apart first time I took it to the beach , rendering it useless for its intended purpose . Perhaps mine was just a bad sample but at $ 10 a throw , I will be asking for a refund .
 In the picture it seems bright , cool , So I ordered ! I received it few days back . . not good looking , not of good quality !!
 Just bought this at the garden center . Looked solid . However , instructions are completely inadequate . I 've programmed these kind of things before . I know it 's hard to be able to create all the functions needed with just three buttons , but that 's why you need to research what the competition is doing .
 Pro
 I know it says outdoor but I thought since the fire was caged ... Let 's just say I strongly recommend you do not use this inside . Your insurance WILL NOT cover any related incident!Oh , the humanity !
 SO CHEAP AND POORLY MADE THAT WHEN YOU USE THE ITEM IT CUTS YOUR FINGER , EVERY SINGLE TIME
 Two weeks ago I purchased this Black and Decker product from my local CVS store in California . Brand-new , out of the package it would n't work . I felt reassured that at least it had a two year warranty , and was a `` name brand '' of Black and Decker . I was shocked when I phoned the Black and Decker service center in Texas , the 800-544-6986 that was included with the warranty info , ... and they told me that since the item had been manufactured three years earlier -LRB- there was a 2007 date-sticker on product -RRB- , and since this product had been discontinued by Black and Decker , they could not honor the warranty for repair or replacement.I informed the Black and Decker service-center manager -LSB- Anita -RSB- that it was not legal for Black and Decker to claim `` no responsibility '' for their warranty , and they could n't refuse to honor their warranty just because they discontinued the item , -LRB- particularly because I had just purchased it two weeks prior , & had my receipt -RRB- . She then gave me a local Black and Decker service-center phone number in California , where the representative -LRB- `` Dave '' -RRB- informed me that because the item was discontinued by Black and Decker , `` I was out of luck '' , and there was nothing they could do . It was just suggested I return the item to the store.Beware consumers ! Black and Decker is setting new precedents in skirting their legal responsibilities regarding honoring their product-warranties . It seems that since the volume of complaints are so high regarding Black and Decker products , not much attention is being paid to this negligence on Black and Decker 's part , -LRB- and who has the time and money to bring a `` breach of warranty '' case to court , for a $ 50 . item ? -RRB- After this experience I will never again have confidence in the Black and Decker name , and I urge you to consider researching consumer-complaints about this company 's customer-service , before purchasing Black and Decker products.Tom , in Encinitas California
 Do n't know if discontinued product was out of commission for some time , but the battery I 've received could not hold a charge -LRB- via USB -RRB- for more than 10 minutes . This was only used to charge a blackberry via USB which product designs mention should hold for more than 10 minutes . After charge , my blackberry only increase 3 % battery power ...
 Generally , it and its wall wart just adds useless clutter . Does n't hold much charge -LRB- might double the life of the average cell phone -RRB- . Three or four times as large and heavy as the average cell phone . Not much in the way of uses
 I have had 3 of these now ,1 was junk straight out of the box new , 1 is still working and I 'm waiting for another replacement since the 1st replacement was bad too .
 It 's a little bigger and bulkier than an SNES game cartridge . It 's about the weight of a shoe . I tested it on my Zune 30 and my friend 's iTouch 8gb . It did n't charge the iTouch at all , so do n't count on that . It charged my Zune , but took pretty much two of these using the USB charging outlet to charge it from completely empty -LRB- non-functioning -RRB- to completely full -LRB- green battery icon -RRB- . I plugged in my Zune AC wall charger into the pocket power AC outlet and had a little more success . It did n't quite take two . It did n't charge my laptop.I gave it two stars based on the Amazon price . I got two for $ 15 , and would give it three based on that . I guess I can only recommend this if you find two really cheap and you have a Zune .
 I bought on of these for $ 5 in the bargain aisle of wal mart , I bought it just for kicks to see if it would charge my Zune , I was happy to see that it did start to charge my zune and was very happy at that point , thinking that I had finally found a USB charger for my wonderful Zune , Turns out there are 2 major problems here , this unit it way to heavy to carry around on only charged my Zune for about 5 - 10 minutes . I figured that I could always take the whole unit apart and wire it up to the 14.7 V system of a car , nope , the battery pack inside is only a 9.6 V pack , bad things could happen if you hooked it to 14.7 v.For an 1800Mha pack , it should give more than a 10 minute charge .
 I have n't even removed this from the packaging - it 's being returned.This is not a pocket-anything , it 's a large heavy brick . Definitely not something to ` slip in your purse ' . I 'm giving it one star because of the misleading description .
 My unit will charge , and power on . However it completely discharges in less then 10 minutes when charging my ipod . This has a 1200mAh battery in it . A 30gb 5th gen ipod has a 450mAh battery . You should be able to get 2 complete charges on your ipod , but my unit wont even get 1/4 of a charge .
 Save yourself the agony of wasting money on discontinued garbage . There is a reason B & D discontinued this , and I suspect it 's because it never performed well and many users complained . Learn from the poor rating you see here on Amazon . Sure , it has an inverter and you can power AC adapter stuff , theoretically . In practice , your money would be better spent on a sealed , rechargeable , 12V battery and a small cig lighter inverter with USB power outlet , available in the Auto section of Wal Mart and many department stores . That way , you can use the inverter w/USB in your car also and even charge the small 12V battery with a cig-lighter charger .
 All I can say is Do Not buy this . Not even worth the $ 8 . Never worked . Not worth the hassle of returning . I looked at replacing the cells inside of it but I can buy a better portable battery unit for about the same $ $ as fixing this thing so I tossed it .
 I did n't buy this from Amazon , but mine is just not useable . As others have noted , it is quite a bit larger than I expected . Also , it seems to charge , the lights come on normally , but it will not charge anything . It wo n't work on my iPhone thru the USB port , and the AC port wo n't power an external hard drive.Mine may just be defective , but since I only paid $ 11 for it , it 's just not worth pursuing a repair or replacement to me . However , just beware that it may not provide enough power to charge anything other than basic cell phones .
 When new , these were great , but everything being offered for sale now has been sitting on the shelf for a very long time , years in fact . Batteries this old can not be charged up again . You 're just buying a paperweight !
 I got one of these a year ago . The issue I had was that the thing only had about 15mins of power before shutting down . That is usb or powering a 7w fluorescent bulb AC .
 i needed a battery back up just in case if i am unable to plug in my wall charger . i tested this unit several times after fully charging the back up unit and it will charge my cell phone for 20 minutes and then it will run out of energy.the price dropped dramatically here on amazon so i am guessing it is being discontinued or it is on clearance.i am going to look for another back up unit
 I bought this hoping to use it with my archos 630 video player . Sadly it does n't even add more than 30 mins of playback time . Its made for less demanding electronics like phones , pda 's etc. . . I would n't use this for portable dvd players or video players . Its rated draw power is about 350 mah .
 DEAD !!!! to long before i use it , they wont take it , dont know what else to say dont know what else to say
 This is the second catnip product I bought from this company . Still no luck . It was not that easy to grow . The seeds had few sprouts at the beginning , but then they died after few days even you follow the instructions . Not very satisfied with the product .
 I ordered and received ten packs based on my Trust in Cosmic Kitty long term , and Amazon.In Ealy 2009Big Edge Sports sent filled the order for 10 seed packs , all marked to not be sold after 2008 . I did not note the expireddate after which the pack clearly directed they not be sold . Not until three packs , six starter pods , failed.Okay , my green blood got ired by the repeated failures to germinate , sprout , anything.It became a challenge to my farmer skill set . I used every type of oft repeated steps month after month , one pod at each beginning attempt.I used all my know-how as a Florida Cracker and finally got three plants to sprout in December of 2009 . It does seem either an uncaring or illiterate personage filled the order with expired product . OR ... ?? My Native/Irish/Danish / Rebel mind set took over at the challenge.Twenty five bucs is a lot to pay for dead seeds . The insult to us consumers , the besmirching of the Amazon label , crowned by an apparent lack of care by Big Edge Sports personel in this instance will be given time to rectify the `` error '' should the Bi Edge chose to reship viable seed packs.Y ` alls moveBob Doyle on D Beach
 I thought this product would really come in handy for camping . But after owning it for just a couple of days , I accidentally tipped it over and that was all it took . The lantern would not work . I sent away for a new bulb , but that did not fix the problem.This is a well thought out product that offers many handy features . Unfortunately , with typical Black and Decker quality , do n't expect it to last long or to take even the slightest jarring . It could be a nice emergency item in case of a power blackout , but I would not recommend trying to take it anywhere on a trip because it is bound to break .
 This product does not work well . The needle frequently gets stuck , and therefore does n't tell the temperature . I have already thrown away the packaging , so I wo n't be able to return it , but I will throw it away and look for something more reliable . Do n't waste your money .
 Maybe it 's just the hot summer temperatures where we live -LRB- in Texas -RRB- , but this thermometer turned out to be pretty useless - when the day got hot and the needle went up above 90 degrees , it would get stuck there and would not go down when the temperature went down . Plus when the thermometer arrived , it did n't tell the accurate temperature - the directions say you have to set it to the correct temperature by turning a screw at the back , which we did , but then after that it would get stuck as described above . Very disappointing product .
 Not good suction ... It wo n't stay on the window ... The temperature changes cause it to pop off , so it really is useless .
 Could not get it to stick to the window . Would stick it to the window and it would fall off every 10 to 20 min . Even got it wet for better suction , lasted about an hour before it fell off . Gave up after that . Unknown if thermometer worked . Never got it to stick .
 The accuracy of this thermometer is really poor . I returned the thermometer for an exchange from Amazon . The replacement has same problem I did calibrate it , still it shows wrong temperature . I liked ease of mounting on the window and size , but completely useless as fas as what value it shows for the temperature .
 Arrived fast but the product needed to be calibrated upon arrival . As a matter of fact I 've been calibrating this one frequently and it 's still lucky to get within 2 degrees of the actual temperature . It just requires too many adjustments and remains too inaccurate . It is big and readable and sticks to the window . Unfortunately this is a case of an inadequate product distributed by a well known name brand .
 Why have a thermometer if the thing does n't reflect the correct temps ? This one is a waste of money . Growing up , Timex was a great brand name . Now it 's a joke . So sad.Don ' t buy the Timex ... go to Target and buy an inexpensive outdoor digital suction cup thermometer by Accurite , with big numbers . That way you can return it if it does n't work to your satisfaction .
 Well its winter here in New England , I want to know the temperature outdoors ... and this suction cup will not stick to windows , sliding doors , nada . Within a few minutes its off and laying on the ground . Waste of money .
 This product is fantastic for those whose climate never varies by more than one degree . When I saw the name `` Timex '' I was somewhat apprehensive but said to myself , `` How can they mess up a thermometer ? '' . I do n't know how they did it but they did , big time . Admittedly , for $ 5.99 I did n't expect a device approved by the National Weather Service but this product is overpriced by about $ 5.98 . Rather than going through the hassle of returning it I joyously took a hammer to it and took out many inner frustrations . I would not recommend this product to my worst enemy .
 This was an adorable bird feeder that was supposed to deter squirels , but it did n't sending the feeder crashing to the ground .
 Do n't waste your money with this bird feeder - I purchased it because I thought it was cute and the price was right - but they should pay me for using it . It 's very poorly made , hard to fill , cheap materials , etc. , etc. , I think you get the point .
 This fireplace arrived not as featured
 If you are looking for an axe to take down trees larger than 4-5 '' ... This ai n't the one for you . This is a camp hatchet with a longer handle . It is to light to have enough energy to cut effectively . There is a reason this thing sells for about $ 30 . I used to like Gerber products , but anymore it seems like cheap china crap , is all that they are selling . I have a Gransfor Brunks axe and it is a joy to swing , this thing is all work . It took 4 times as long with the Gerber then it did with the Gransfor 's . I thought it would be a good back up or second axe . While it will cut wood , the effort expended is not worth it . If at all possible go for a better axe.Pros : CostSharp out of the boxCons : To lightNot energy efficient -LRB- you have to work to hard for what you get -RRB- Made in ChinaCheaply made
 Good quality but not manly . Seems to be the length for a teenager . If looking for a small axe it is fine . If looking for a man 's axe look elsewhere .
 Be careful when putting these together . Start with the base and go upwards with the rest of the bowls . These bowls are smaller than my cereal bowls and the big base is very shallow . Not worth it !
 I was sent seed packets that where packaged for spring 2010 . I doubt those are going to grow but guess I 'll see . There werent very many seeds in them either . And good thing I had other planting instructions because the packets did n't desplay deepth to plant the seeds or if the plant liked shade or sun . Some packages only made 2 1/2 six packs once planted . One packet of seeds should make at least 5 or 6 sixpacks.Thought I was getting a deal but got less seeds and old seeds when I could have went to Homedepot and got better stuff for $ 2 more . Wont be buying seeds from this Generic Company anymore .
 Have n't used yet . Long shipping time . Not refrigerated/yet told to upon receival . High shipping cost . Hard to find seeds .
 While researching this product I found several risky side effect and several may or may not have bennifits . Lemon balm , Burdock , German chamomile , and Yarrow were safer in nature than the other herbs included . But an expert or professional should be following you and helping you decide if these are right for you . The other herbs have potential harm according to the research or are possibly not even effective . St. John 's Worts can be very dangerous if taken with any other medication for example . Do the research first to keep yourself and your loved ones safe !!
 I found their selection to be far inferior in germination , selection , organic status , and information compared to another supplier that gave 18 different herb seeds , organic , more per packet , higher germination .
 not as great as i thought . brought it because it was costing me $ 10 per tube . have been applying it for about 3 weeks now and saw little difference . you have to keep reapplying the gel to get some type of a result . i had used other products just once for about 6 months and they had worked much better - buy the more expensive stuff -LRB- maxforce or advion -RRB- , dont go for their price !
 In theory this looks so easy to use . I bought it with very high expectations . I have tried to use it twice now and it certainly does not work as described in the instructions . The water turns blue within a couple of minutes and all the granules in the sprayer disappear within the first 5 mins . The instructions say that if the container only has blue water without granules that means you need a refill of the fertilizer . I would stay away from this . It was a waste of money for me .
 The product did n't mix well in the reservoir , so I shook it up , and kept spraying . I knew it was n't applying evenly , but that was okay . Miracle-Gro does n't burn my plants if I get a little too much on one or the other . But then the sprayer started leaking on the second use . I made sure I had the thing closed correctly and on right , but it leaked . And then the plastic switch on top where you switch from just water to water and fertilizer mix , completely quit working . I was n't mis-using it or switching it back and forth a lot , just watered some after the fertilizer was gone , so the whole garden would be watered . Small garden . I was very disappointed , since I 'd stocked up on Miracle-Gro for plants , tomatoes , etc. . I love how easily it mixes and that it does n't burn plants , but I 'm afraid to try another sprayer.Does anyone know if I can just buy another sprayer/applicator and use it with Miracle-Gro ? Thanks !
 17-step Guide for Operating the Miracle-Gro Lawn and Garden Feeder :1 . unscrew bottom and remove plastic -LRB- you might go ahead and fill with water now -RRB- 2 . screw bottom back on - tightly , so it will be hard to remove later3 . hook up to hose - tightly , so it will be hard to remove later4 . turn on the water5 . choose setting -LRB- jet/flat/spray -RRB- and enjoy playing with them7 . wait , wait , wait for it to fill8 . wait , wait , wait for the blue stream that never appears9 . try shaking , tipping , and choosing different settings - and get wet when you tip it10 . cheer because you got blue ... for .5 of a second ... twice11 . wonder if you 've over-watered your plants waiting for blue11 . notice that deep blue is leaking from the bottom of the canister onto your shoe12 . turn off water13 . unhook from garden hose14 . Go inside . Dry your face from the spray that got ` ya when you unhooked it .15 . try to lock feeder so you can return it to the store without it spilling in the car15 . Give up on lock that does n't work . Place feeder in the trash .16 . Go inside and change out of your wet clothes .17 . Resolve to buy pellets next time , and make yourself a sandwich.Added 5/2012
 After about 5 uses the valve sticks open when I release the trigger and will not shut off . What a piece of junk .
 Good idea but poorly made . I followed instructions and hooked the feeder to my garden hose using city water . All was good till I let go of the trigger , then water leaked badly from the handle and trigger area . It became useless at that point . Will need to take back for a refund . Why should any product fail on the first use ... . it should n't . Stick with the liquid feeder it seems to work better .
 The connection between the hose and the sprayer seems to be missing a part or something . There 's no washer and there is an obvious path for water to escape . It leaks like crazy . Only recommended if it is hot outside and you want to get sprayed while fertilizing your plants .
 This review applies to ALL Miracle-Gro brand fertilizer-feeders , includingMiracle-Gro 100410 Lawn and Garden FeederMiracle-Gro 101411 LiquaFeed Starter KitMiracle-Gro 101411 LiquaFeed All Purpose Plant Feeding SystemandMiracle-Gro 100511 LiquaFeed Advance Starter KitI totally agree with ALL of you who have posted on the `` rip-off '' index of these products . My `` other half '' bought these one of each type at local home improvement warehouse on two different occasions thinking how easy it would be to use . She did not realize how EXPENSIVE it would be for the LiquaFeed Kits , it just looked EASY . Not only are the refill cartridges costly , the things LEAK , do n't dispense evenly and is basically garbage ! -LRB- Maybe she has learned on 2nd time around , then again ... -RRB- Miracle-Gro bulk granular water soluble fertilizers of various types are great ! I have never burned any plants with them -LRB- see note below -RRB- and have healthy excellent looking flowers , plants and few veggies . But Miracle-Gro equipment is JUNK , including this item and Miracle Gro Lawn & Garden Feeder Miracle-Gro 100410 Lawn and Garden Feeder . They are made of BRITTLE plastic , as I stated LEAK , do not mix & dispense fertilizer well , and break easily.AVOID these products . -LRB- NOTE
 This contraption does not mix the miracle gro evenly . Why they put their name on something like this is beyond me
 This has to be the biggest waste of money for the dumbest concept of a plant feeder . My main complaint is that the thing does n't even have an intake tube/straw to pull fertilizer into the feeder nozzle . The tank also does not fill completely . This means that you have to turn it upside down or sideways to get any fertilizer out . Next , the sprayers are horrible . My previous sprayer had a vertical fan making it easier to sweep inclined plants from left to right . It 's not a big deal , because I have to keep this thing sideways to use it anyway -LRB- which means I can use the horizontal fan -RRB- haha . I also got better range on my previous sprayer . That could be partly because of the poorly designed nozzles on this sprayer , or the fact that the cheap plastic parts sometimes leak , relieving what little pressure I apply to it . I guess it 's back to the old sprayer ...
 This product is new and replaced one that also leaked , but the old one only dripped and I managed to hot glue spots where it dripped.This one LEAKS in several places.It is unusable.I emailed Scotts and they defended the product and said they had very few complaints.I suggested they read these reviews.I guess they want us to buy the premixed products which apparently have a much higher profit margin.Anyone find something to replace this product ?
 I did n't buy this from Amazon . I bought it locally . Having used it , I thought I 'd check in on Amazon just to see if anyone else had the same problems . Good grief ! I wish I had read the Amazon reviews first ! If the growth of the plants has anything to do with the randomness of the blue spray , every other plant will be gigantic and the others will starve . I even did the upside-down , shake , off-and-on routine that others did -LRB- funny we all tried the same things -RRB- , but nothing helped.I do love the product Miracle Grow , but I do n't understand how they could get the sprayer so wrong.I also got spray all over myself . I wonder if I 'll get taller . Or maybe just one side of me will get taller.Anyway , I 'll be looking for a good sprayer as I have a great big box of Miracle Grow to use up .
 I had the previous incarnation of the Miracle Gro sprayer -LRB- do n't know the number - it is already gone to recycling heaven -RRB- - the one that allowed me to attach a long handled , adjustable spray nozzle to it to reach into vegetable beds and overhead hanging flower baskets . It worked well , but being cheap plastic it only lasted about 2 years , then broke at junction of the hose connector/jar , which made it leak badly if I did n't keep pressure on the hose end . It made spraying a two handed operation.I bought this new version thinking it would be nice having a spray setting already attached . But this 100410 sprayer is a piece of junk . There is no attachment for an extension sprayer and , after less than a year of use , the spray end will not shut off if there is water pressure , so it runs constantly , just more volume when the trigger is pressed.I am on here looking for a sprayer that will work . I love Miracle Gro but I will not waste money on any more of their sprayers . There have been two mentioned here , the Gilmore and an Ortho sprayer . I looked at the -LSB- -LSB- ASIN
 The miracle gro product is great , especially in an arid area with little rain to activate a granule product , but the new feeder design is pathetic . When I FINALLY got it working properly , it dribbled constantly during and in between use . I checked all washers and retightened everything to no avail . The trigger has to be contantly depressed during use , and you have to squeeze AS HARD AS YOU CAN , regardless of the water pressure . It was exhausting . Do they bother to beta test these things ? The old one dribbled a little if it tipped over , but otherwise was fine . It also had one switch and stayed on without having to constantly apply pressure . I 'd still be using it if the container had n't blown away in a wind storm .
 I much prefer the Miracle Gro ` pellets ' as this contraption is too hard to handle while dragging a hose to all parts of the garden .
 At least with the old type you could hook a water hose to the outlet side and attach a sprinkler to it and not have to drag a hose up and down your garden roes knocking plants
 I have used the old Model # 100409 garden feeder and was pleased . I used the old feeder with it 's hose to hose connection . This way I could water my lawn when it was hot and dry . I can not stand for two hours watering my large back yard with an end hose feeder .
 I like Miracle-Gro , but I 've had to buy three sprayers in the last 3 or 4 months . Just a few minutes ago -LRB- It is about 3am -RRB- I woke up to hear water running and sure enough the sprayer trigger was jammed and water was leaking out of the device . The handle appears to be the weak point in these devices . It begins to fail after very limited use . This event , early this morning , was a bit of a surprise since the device was working fine yesterday afternoon - so I figure when the temperature dropped -LRB- although it is warm outside for this time of the night -RRB- something happened to the internals OR they simply ` gave out ' and allowed water to come pouring out of the device.I guess I might have to start using the liquid sprayer version , perhaps they have improved the quality of the trigger sprayer.After having bought 3 of these already in the past 3 or 4 months , I guess it is a general defect and not isolated to a single ` lemon ' . I ca n't recommend buying this sprayer which is too bad , because it means I 'm either going to have to go to the liquid feed sprayer or go back to hand mixing into a large water bucket and head out around the garden .
 Length :
 Good idea , poorly engineered . By watching the color of the discharge it is apparent the delivery of dissolved fertilizer is very inconsistent . It fluctuates from clear to blue randomly . Tilt it down and you sometimes get a short burst of dark blue . I had little confidence that individual plants and shrubs were getting proper feeding . It 's also difficult to know just when to reload . My impression was that the solution became progressively dilute well before all the particles were dissolved . Frequent shaking is necessary . For the money I guess one ca n't expect much but this product frustrated me so I 'm taking it back just to send a message to the company .
 After several hours of trying including drilling the feed water hole to the bowl I was unable to maintain a blue colored stream of water . I tried to shake the bowl , turn it upside down and every other position and method I could think of to maintain a continuous stream of blue . Nothing worked . I threw my Miracle-Gro Garden Feeder away and this product should be pulled from the market by Scott 's . The engineering department of Scott 's must be located a long long way from the consumer and the internal testing of this product as it does not work as manufactured . Do not buy this product as it will not work for you .
 OK , folks , the Miracle-Gro Lawn feeder does n't work . Miracle-Gro makes GREAT plant foods -- but they just ca n't make feeders that work worth a darn . So , this is what you have to do . Step one . . do n't buy it . Step two . . buy an ORTHO Dial 'N Spray Multi-Use Hose-End Sprayer . I 've got two of 'em . One for weed killer , and one for Miracle Gro stuff . Pour your Miracle Gro lawn food -LRB- one packet -RRB- into the Ortho Dial Sprayer . Fill it with water . Stir with a spoon -LRB- one that you will use permanently with this sprayer -RRB- Put the lid -LRB- top -RRB- back on . Set the dial to 2 and 1/2 , then hook it up to your hose and blast away.When the blue water in your container is all gone , you 're done . No guessing ; no turning upside down ; no wondering ... period . YOU MUST CLEAN IT OUT WHEN YOU 'RE DONE OR IT WILL BE HISTORY AFTER ONE USE . It takes two minutes . And that 's how it 's done , folks . It really works -- good !!! Now , JUST GO OUT THERE AND DO IT !!!!
 I just got done using this thing and it did n't even work as expected . It takes FOREVER for it to fill with water . Then it seemed to never spray out the lawn fertilizer . I had to basically tilt the ting upside down and on its side for the water to even turn blue . NEVER AGAIN . Scotts - Please revamp this for next season . This thing is JUNK !
 A terrible product . The most annoying feature is that unless you keep the rig totally level , the jar leaks blue liquid all over everything -LRB- yes , I tightened the crap out of the lid , to no avail -RRB- . I 'd work around this if the thing actually worked . Two problems
 This is a great idea . Too bad it 's a peice of junk . I did n't like how inexact the feeding was since you never knew how much was left in there , especially after storing it for a while . I could have lived with that , though . What I could n't live with was the fact that after three uses , water exploded from every available orifice . Junk .
 on my old one could take front nozzle off and plug inbetwen hose 's and feed entire garden.not on this piece of crap.and will not melt powder evenly.they screwed up a good thing
 Great concept but poorly designed.Like some of the other reviews I could n'tget a steady blue stream.So I took it back and exchenged it for anotherone . Same problem.It just does n't work.JM
 I am an old lady who does n't throw anything away , thinking I might need it some day . Over the years , I 've purchased three of Stern 's sprayers , with high hopes that the newest one will finally work . Forget it . I 'm finally dumping my hope and throwing them out . It 's hard to believe that a functional one has n't been designed .
 I 'd give this zero stars if possible . First , it leaks like a sieve after just a few -LRB- single digit -RRB- hours of use ... as in 20 % of the water lands on my foot . -LRB- And no , the leak is n't from where the hose mates to the sprayer -RRB- . Secondly , it is hard to get a consistent rate of feed from the fertilizer . The first half is gone after a minute , and the second half takes an hour to disappear . Avoid it ... enough said .
 The best part of the Miracle-Grow Lawn & Garden Feeder was when I got so disgusted with it I took it out to the driveway and smashed the darn thing !! Love the fertilizers , rose food , etc. but forget the feeder . It 's not worth the money or the aggravation .
 What is Scotts thinking ? Can not hook this piece of junk inline like you could with the older design , and the mixing is now inconsistent - nothing like the older design . Do not waste your time with this - it is a piece of poorly designed junk .
 i bought this from a local store and when i tried connecting it to 2 different hoses it did n't connect.Buy Miracle-Gro Shake and Feed instead it 's so much better .
 I used to have the old model feeder , an I loved it When that one got old , and clogged I decided time for a new and improved one . BOY !!!! was I surprised when all I got was wet blue feet , becaused the thing leaked all over , feet , hands , grass . almost every place but where I wanted it to go.Shame , on you people . Do n't you test your products . you ought to be reimbursing everyone who bought one .
 Product is cheaply made . The canister does not make a good seal , one leak . Then there are other leak issues at the hose connection . Good luck if you buy one sucker ...
 As a long term buyer and user of Miracle Grow products , I was very disappointed with this sprayer . I tried every possible way I could think of to get this sprayer to work properly , but to no avail . Still dealt with an inconsistant spray . Would recommend avoidance of this sprayer .
 I have used Mircle-Grow for 35 years . Not a problem with the sprayer . It just got old and so I bought a `` new '' one . The new sprayer is a piece of crap . I want to fertilize the plant not me ! It leaks like mad between the hose connection and the on and off switch at the ribbing . I bought a second one thinking that something was wrong with the first one . The second one is just as bad . Previous to these two I had one with the trigger and that did not work either . The engineers that designed this sprayer must be from Fisher-Price . Do n't buy the sprayer
 I had to return this hose after using it one time . It developed a hole in it immediately . I had to order a different type of hose .
 I bought this to place on our deck for the summer season . We like to sit and read or have lunch without flying insects . It went up really easy and looked very nice . The bad part is , it wo n't work in the rain . The water collected on the edges and collapsed.We gave it away to a friend and told them it 's only good in dry weather . We ordered another brand and it works perfect as an all around weather shelter.This unit is designed poorly , no support on the four sides they just collect in the rain . I should have read other reports on google before I purchased this unit . They all say the same thing .
 very disappointed in this item . it sits in my basement and will never be used . I assumed I ordered the entire tent structure based on the photos upon purchasing the item . turns out it was just the ` net ' I would absolutely love to return this and get my money backThank you
 Assumed 10 x 10 would fit my shade ... Wrong model & I had to return it at a $ loss ...
 The photo and description do not reflect the product . The screen panel kit I received was white . What a huge inconvenience during a time-crunch .
 This product is shown in its picture setup with a top . There is no top with this product and there are no supports or framework of any kind to set it up with . What you get is a white folded cloth in a bag .
 I believe it arrived DOA as the instructions said that it was to have a cotton like top and mine was smooth like icing . Did n't do anything ... not one shroom . We followed the directions exactly and even added ice as advise and nothing . It seems like it could be interesting but it 's too expensive to be an experiment and they should have something set up to make for easy replacement given that I suspect these have a high failure rate .
 While this mushroom kit arrived in good packaging and looked ready to go , I was not able to get it to produce mushrooms . I followed the instructions keeping it moist and at the cooler temperatures , but nothing ever happened . I also tried oyster mushrooms a few weeks prior to that , and got huge crops of those , so I was disappointed that these did n't grow at all .
 Something you wo n't read on any website selling these mushroom patches is the sensitivity to their exact environment . There are several crucial stages that require you to keep on eye on the mushroom patch which do n't mesh well with leaving for vacation . It 's a neat product , but do n't plan on having mushrooms on your first attempt .
 I have a well , and this sprinkler did not work with it . The head did not rotate properly . Maybe not enough psi ?
 The outdoor fireplace is well equipted with a rack and a trough . My one comment is that it rusted almost immediately and had to be spray painted with special heat resistent paint . We like the idea of an outdoor fireplace . It also looks very caldron like and midevil . Not very 2007 . More functional , and I would like to say practical , but the engineering in design is n't that good . All in all , not worth the $ 180 some odd money it cost .
 I 'll keep it short and sweet . This product is garbage . I purchased a vinyl cover to further protect the item , but it became a rust bucket and fell to pieces . The company 's response
 I purchased this product to safely burn cuttings and branches from the woods on the property . To do this efficiently and safely , one needs to be able to remove the top to feed in the cuttings to the fire . It can be dangerous to open the side door because embers and buring logs can roll out of the fireplace . When this happens , one can get in the situation where you ca n't get the door closed back with burning material in the way.I purchased this unit to replace a similar model from a different company that I had used successfully for years . It just rusted out over time.For this Uniflame unit , the problem with feeding from the top is that the top is designed to bolt down to the wire-framed side walls . In fact , the top holds the frame walls in place . The side frame is far to flimsy without the top in place . One has to provide additional bracing to hold the side frames togther.As such , the unit is a big disappointment to me and I would not buy this brand again . There are other fireplaces of this general size and appearance on the market where the top can be removed for safer burning .
 I ran a few batches with this and every time it got moldy . Then it attracted bugs in my kitchen -LRB- the seeds in the bag not the growing grass -RRB- .
 I ordered these seeds hoping to save money by buying in bulk . I ordered seeds with other companies and had no problems . Then , I ordered these seeds.The seeds in the bag look like they are 2-3 years old . Right away I noticed the grass was really MOLDY.The grass grows very SLOWLY and is very THIN.The grass never really produces enough for a satisfying amount of wheatgrass juice.I contacted the company hoping I could exchange the seeds for a different batch of seeds . The company never responded.I will avoid doing business with this company . Bad service and even worse product . These worst wheatgrass seeds I have ever bought .
 1 . Very small seeds2 . Slow to spout3 . 10 days and still not ready to be juiced4 . Glade that I ordered only 5lb ... Stay away ...
 never showed up . do n't know what happend to it . no one has tried to get in contact with me . not to happy about this .
 I ca n't speak to how this product is , but WOW ... I just bought the exact same thing from my natural foods store yesterday and paid .089 cents a lb . I 'm in the wrong business !
 So , when I got this the bag had exploded all over the box and there was seed everywhere ... for weeks . So , I tried to grow some of it anyways ... MOLD lots and lots of mold ... Ew . But I did get a refund ... had to return the remainder , but that was n't much with the amount that spilled everywhere . I also sent a picture of the mess it made ... Wo n't buy this again .
 I received my order a couple of weeks ago . The shipment has live bugs -- Sawtooth Grain Beetles . I have had to move the bag from my pantry to the garage . I have sealed it and placed it in a closed can but still not sure how to kill them without contaminating the seeds . Usually I place a bay leaf on the top of any grain to keep bugs out . This bag was received with live bugs already in the shipment . The seeds sprout okay after rinsing them so they deserve at least one star .
 nice organic seed . Will need to order a larger quantity next time to try to get the costs down a bit I 'm still somewhat new to wheatgrass so learning lots and lots . CraigUpdate
 I bought these seeds through wheatgrasskit web site - it is not a secure web site . I was stupid bought anyways though that site and had false credit card purchases made within 2 days of purchase.Also I grow my wheatgrass by hydroponic , and the seeds do n't so so well . They are slow to spout , the roots are rotting quicker than the growth . So I 'm not getting a tall grass to juice with plus I have to watch the mold . Also I thought all seeds would be equal , but even the taste seems different and my stomach has to have smaller amounts of juice . My biggest regret is purchased 20lbs because I juice ALOT , and regret buying from this vender.I hope other buyers have better succes . Mine was just not so good .
 I have some Woodstock bells for the patio , so I thought this would be great . It was n't . No matter what I tried , I never could get the bells to go around and strike one another properly . I feel like this product was definitely not worth its price .
 Skip this one , hard to get the water pressure right so the bells will go around . The bells are always hanging up on the cord.The center bells are not coated like the bowl and they look bad after a while . The bowl gets white water line that looks ugly.For the money I would pass !!!!!
 I have had my pool for 5-6 years . This is the fourth Viper Pool cleaner I have owned . When it is working it does a wonderful job . Unfortunately this last one broke only after 2 weeks . They have changed the design over the years I guess in an attempt to improve the product . Unfortunately I seems that the manifold is what needs improvement . I have found that it is cheaper to buy an entire cleaner as opposed to buying replacement parts -LRB- hoses , swivels , etc. -RRB- . I will be sending this one back . Hopefully the next one I get will last longer than a year .
 Although they appeared to be working -LRB- they glowed , and we 'd hear the occasional ZAP -RRB- it did n't take 6 months before one of them completely stopped glowing , and they made no dent at all in the mosquito population - the reason we bought them . Not worth it at all .
 I was hoping for something with more power to actually zap the bugs but this one does not . I even purchased two sets . The light does cause the bugs to swarm around it but it does not have enough power to actually kill the bugs.When it is on the light setting it is n't enough light to even guide you along a path . I am very disappointed in it.We will be purchasing an electric bug zapper soon to replace these .
 They have been in place for a month now & I have yet to see a bug get zapped.The number of bugs in the area has NOT changedWaste of $ for me !!
 I am not too impressed with the solar bug zappers . The only thing is zaps is knats or maybe an occasional mosquito . Bigger bugs are not drawn to it and if they do happen to get in they can just crawl out without getting zapped . So I guess I would have to say it is not worth the money I spent for it .
 If you are trying to save yourself some work forget about buying this product . The design is very poor and apparantly not properly field tested before it was put on the market . The unit will get stuck -LRB- everytime -RRB- on the corner of the pool steps -LRB- and every pool has steps -RRB- . It then sits in that position and grinds away at your pool finish and the unit itself . I have n't had mine for 6 months and the unit is worn down where it rubs against the steps . I must then be constantly be fishing the unit out of its stuck position . I have now resorted to lowering a stone-filled empty detergent bottle in that corner to try to get the unit to bypass the corner ... ugly . P.S. it does n't even pick up medium sized leaves , they all get stuck at the bottom .
 The outside temperature is roughly 5 degrees too low . This makes the unit pretty unusable in my opinion . I suspect that cheap components were used . A good temperature sensor chip can cost nearly $ 0.60 and they apparently did n't want to go there . Too bad - it 's a nice looking unit , but what good is that if it does n't measure temperature ? Pretty ironic that the display shows tenths of degrees - what a joke .
 I was considering buying a dehumidifier , because it feels humid inside my apartment during the summer . I bought this first because I wanted to verify whether it actually IS humid in my apartment . Therefore , I have not used the outdoor sensor . Generally it seems to work fine , but the display must be set at the wrong angle , because it is hard to read from straight on . The numbers are most visible if viewed from an angle , so I would not recommend this product .
 Wish I could tell you more but it says batteries INCLUDED and you have to buy 5 ... a little disappointed !
 Flimsy construction , indoor display is hard to read at most angles , and the remote unit only has a temperature sensor -- no hygrometer , which was n't clear from the product description .
 This is not accurate enough to be useful . I placed both the outside transmitter and the inside display thermometer next to each other . I expected the temperature to read the same for both . They were off by 8 degrees . I could almost live with this if one of them would have displayed the correct temperature . To test this I placed a very reliable calibrated thermometer next to the Timex thermometers . The calibrated thermometer read 5 degrees warmer than the indoor display thermometer . That means the indoor display is off by 5 degrees and the outdoor thermometer is off by 13 degrees . That 's not accurate enough to be useful for anything .
 I must say I was a big fan of the seller till my very recent order , they quality dropped dramatically
 I have bought from this company twice and was happy with the product and , originally with the price . However , when I was ready to buy more beans this year , I found that the price had gone up 50 % over last year . Needless to say I switched to a company that also sold organic soybeans , but for 20 % less than what they are selling for here . It pays to do your research.Sorry I had to switch providers , but you should n't gouge your loyal customers .
 Soybeans weather organic or not or any product that has soy in my personal experience is not good for human consumption . Soy raises estrogen levels and is therefore not recommended for any one especially adolescent boys . Men who are interested in having healthy levels of testosterone and a good sex drive should avoid Soy like the plague . -LRB- fermented soy as in soy sauce is ok in small quantities -RRB- When I was in my late 20 's I had a low sex drive and my doctors could not figure out why . They did n't know -LRB- nor did they ask me what my diet was -RRB- that I had stopped drinking Pasteurized and Homogenized Milk because of horrible allergic reactions so I switched to soy milk and totally killed my sex drive . Low sex drive for a man in his late 20 's , now that 's unheard of . Just do a search on `` The Dangers of Soy '' -LRB- `` Soy is higher in phytoestrogens than just about any other food source . Phytoestrogens are plant-based estrogens that mimic estrogen in our bodies . In recent years , you may have read about studies which indicate phytoestrogens are good for you . But ask yourself , who funded those studies ? The soy industry , that 's who . Independent research has clearly shown that consuming phytoestrogens is downright dangerous for the human body . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- Do yourself a favor and educate yourself on the wonders of Whole Raw Milk as my nutritionist taught me . Remember 30 or 40 years ago when the milk man delivered fresh milk to our door step ? Did you ever hear of anyone getting sick from this Fresh Raw Milk ? Lactose intolerance was unheard of . If you are to young to remember ask your elders they will confirm what I am sharing with you.Good luck on your journey to health ...
 Your bean is not as good as the other reviewers ' description . There are some beans are rotten , molded , and have a dark colored shell of mold . How long have you had these beans ? Do you check the quality of the beans periodically ? I picked you from so many web sites and I am very disappointed .
 The beens are good big size , but have mold . So I do not think the beens are fresh . I will not buy from them again . Because people buy organic food for safety and freshness.The seller let me return the beens and refund the money promptly .
 Plastic gears mean you wo n't get even a single season of use from this piece of junk . The adjustment knob jams and makes it difficult to change the setting . If you are able to set it , the oscillating action frequently jams . The sprinkler is set on full , you come back and it has stalled in one position so you have a puddle on one side and a dry area on the other .
 I only used this sprinkler twice and then the flimsy plastic gearing broke . Now it wo n't oscillate at all . I was hoping to at least get one summer 's use from it . What a waste ! I 'd give it zero stars if it was possible .
 The service is great , but the product is awful . These tiny plants would locally sell for less than 50 cents , not the $ 10 - $ 12 being asked at Amazon . The plants are are just a few months old , and not very healthy . Buy the seeds instead!PS
 The cheap plastic arm that traces the heart shaped turbo shaft jumps right off and or pops out of the track . This happened within the first 2 hours of use . save your money
 The sprinkler will not oscillate reliably . The whole purpose of an oscillating sprinkler is so that you do not have to stand around watering your lawn but with this sprinkler you have to keep helping it when it gets stuck or you will only water one thin line of your lawn . Do n't waste your time on this product .
 I bought this item because it looked way better than all-plastic sprinklers . However , regardless of the looks it still plastic where it counts the most , the gear is made of plastic . It did n't last even a season . So stay away from this item for this money you can shop around and find a better one .
 I have purchased two of these in the past three years , from two different vendors , They both fell apart in the gear box area , literally fell apart while running . I used them average . Absolute junk and I am ticked off . They are n't cheap priced . They are cheaply assembled.I have never written a bad review for something like this in my life , but now is the time.BTW , Amazon would not allow me to rate it zero stars , so it gets a one star .
 If I could give this sprinkler a 0 star rating , I would . I had bought less expensive sprinklers before and on ; y had them last a few years . Then I bought this one believing that it would last longer since it was metal and seemed to be built better.Boy was I wrong , what a $ 35 POS ... after 2 years the plastic piece that attaches to the hose simply snapped off , leaving me with a useless sprinkler.Save your money and do n't trust anything with the Nelson name on it . It is designed to break in a few years with no hope to repair it . No matter how much money you spend you will be disappointed !
 I purchased this and the plastic part that attaches to the hose broke only a few weeks after starting to use it . It is now useless and I have to purchase something else . Not worth your money !!!!
 I was satisfied with the performance of this sprinkler until 2 wks after purchase it got stuck in one setting and would n't adjust , maybe because I did not turn off the water while adjusting it 's motion arm . Anyhow I stepped on the plastic hose end and it cracked off . Now it is worthless because I can not attach the hose to it and there is no way to replace the hose end . I would n't buy it again .
 I picked this up at Walmart , not knowing the problems that this and other Nelson Turbo-Heart models carry with them . Like other reviewers , I found that the plastic oscillating mechanism tended to get caught up and cause the sprinkler to halt in one spot , soaking one end of the garden while leaving the other end dry . It started doing this after about 2 weeks of use .
 Cheap plastic part -- the `` heart '' that makes this sprinkler so special is made of plastic with a plastic washer to hold it on , briefly . Save your money and get a drip hose .
 I purchased a pond liner and my husband dug the hole a little too big and I figured I could order another smaller liner and piece them together to give me the few extra feet I needed . I used this to seam together the two liners . I did what it said to do . I made sure I did it right cause I did not want my pond to leak after I filled it ! I waited the full 24 hrs before filling it . IT DID NOT WORK !!! I am now spending more money to purchase a larger liner . DO NOT DO WHAT I DID !
 I was excited to get this thinking it would light up like the picture shows . Well I should know better than that . I bought the green jellyfish , and while it does light up , you can hardly see it unless it is pitch black outside , even then it does not light up the water at all and now my jelly is floating sideways . It does not even float upright .
 THE BLUE JELLY FISH PUTS OFF A LITTLE GLOW , THE PINK ONE GAVE NO GLOW AT ALL . DID NOT PROVIDE ANY LIGHTING AT ALL FOR MY POOL . I WISH I DID NOT PURCHASE ITEM . BOUGHT ANOTHER FLOATING POOL LIGHT , WHICH WAS 3X CHEAPER AND IT WORKED 10X BETTER .
 Purchased primarily for the hygrometer , but it does n't come close to reading the humidity accurately and is always off by at least 30 % -50 % . It will display a percentage if you breath hard into it , otherwise it 's always displaying `` lo % '' when the actual room humidity is around 45 % . The time and temperature are accurate , but impossible to see at night without a backlight . I highly recommend the Honeywell TM005X instead of this item if you 're looking for an accurate hygrometer .
 It stinks . The first one I got showed more than 20 % lower R.H. than a honeywell I was using . I tried the Salt Water test to calibrate , and it showed the Timex was 20 % - 25 % too low . Amazon sent me a replacement for free -LRB- nice of them -RRB- . The replacement did n't work either . I 'm sending back for a refund . Do n't waste your time with this .
 the display is transparent with black lcd lettering & can only be seen from certain angles against a white background . I have a black desk , and the certain angles do n't include angles I can see it from when sitting at my desk . I can just barely read it when sitting comfortably if I put it on a white piece of paper .
 It 's smaller than your palm . Cheap , fragile plastic . Sticky stand . The Display is almost invisible.Above all , it just does n't work at all . The temperature displayed is off by more than 20 degrees.I would still smash it even if it were free .
 It only displays humidity as `` Lo '' or `` Hi '' -LRB- < 40 % or > 70 % -RRB- The display is `` see-through '' grey LCD with no background . Invisible under most conditions .
 we ordered several of these based on the description , we were disappointed and returned them , they did not perform as described and the numbers were difficult to see .
 A big disappointment . It does n't register humidity in the lower ranges . I bought at the same time as a La Crosse WS-9400U . The LaCrosse tells me 37 % . The Timex tells me Lo . I wo n't be buying any more Timex hygrometers .
 I like the size but the hydrometer portion is off by about 22 % . So , essentially , it only works for temperature .
 Please note that the listing for this is 17 cubic feet yet the capacity in the detailed notes is for 10 feet heaping . If you actually look at the dimensions , it is more like 8 cf. If 10 cf is heaping , what is 17 cf - buried ?
 Very poor instructions and tedious assembly . Requires multiple tools and really 2 people to accomplish this .
 These chairs are a nice color , but that is about all . They are undersized for adults -LRB- about 3/4 of what they should be -RRB- . The wood is very soft and light weight and does not look like it will last very long . Construction details are poor . Like the other reviewer , we would like to send them back -LRB- or someplace -RRB- but dont have the boxes . These are junk that Amazon should n't be selling .
 These chairs look good in the picture , but are very flimsy & cheap in person . We ordered 2 of them 3 weeks ago , and one is already falling apart . We would send them back , but we 've already thrown out the boxes they came in . Save your money !
 the black handle broke making the nozzle useless ... not what I would consider to be commercial grade . I would look for a nozzle with a stronger metal handle .
 I bought this gilmour 572tfr nozzle and then could n't buy the 09qcf adapter to go with it that I nead to fit up to my spraters . not happy at all !!!!
 It should be made clear that this product contains lead . From the packaging : `` NOTE
 This made in China not the USA as advertised . Im sending this back to the false advertisers ! Do not buy this unless you are ok with supporting china .
 Not Made in the USA ! MADE IN CHINA!I just received my order and these are not made in the USA they were made in CHINA ... I ordered two each of the following nozzles 573 , 573TF , and 593 . They are all made in China . I contacted Gilmour and they said that all their nozzles are made in China now . I purchased these as gifts as I have one that everybody loves , but it was made in the USA . I try very hard to do my part and buy American .
 Poor quality . The clips rip off when trying to tighten after one try . I have had to tie the ropes together for it to work . Will send it back ASAP !
 The sandbox cover for the Frame It All Sandbox hexagonal has some problems . The shape is great , the anchors that hold it down to the frame are great . The problem is the elastic rope that holds it snug are held together with a plastic grip and all of them broke . Some of the elastic rope disappeared into the seam of the cover.So the rope is not holding the cover snug and water gets in . Very disappointing as it was so close to working so well , and yet so far away.Frame It All Sandbox Cover , Hexagonal
 I 'd get again since there seem few options , but the item only took about 3 months in the sun to fade . Also , no matter how tightly the strings are pulled , water pools between sections .
 The cover comes with a big inflatable beach ball to place in the middle of your sandbox , supposedly to help the water run off the cover , but water still accumulates and sags under the weight of water , making big , stank , murky water puddles that end up in your sand anyway when you try to take the cover off . I personally would not mind the sand getting wet , since it would just drain out the bottom anyway , and wet sand is much better for play and building castles with than dry sand . Dry sand also flies much more easily into eyes . I just want a taut cover that will keep critters who want to use my large sandbox as their personal loo out of my sandbox . This cover does not do that , as the weight of the water pulls the cover in and creates openings where animals could get in . It also does not have very good UV protection , as my cover lasted one summer before fading , and three summers before ripping and shredding apart .
 I found that this cover accumulated water puddles even when tightened , and then started mildewing on the top . A hard plastic cover would be far superior to this . It is hard to put on , hard to remove -LRB- without getting water or sand all over yourself -RRB- . It fades in the sun .
 The charger did not meet our expectations so we returned it . It would not charge a battery that it claimed it would
 I was taken in by the Timex brand reputation `` Takes a linking and keeps on ticking '' ... This clock/thermometer is a far cry from the Timex I knew in the past . It has a flaw in the battery holder that when moved too fast , it looses power to the display and you have to reset the time & date . Also , you can not place the secondary temp sensor too far away -LRB- < 12ft -RRB- or it will not read the signal . Looks good , works well when left UNTOUCHED , low quality , made in China .
 Right from the beginning , had problems with this device . Could not switch from Celsius to Farenheit on the outside device ... constant beeping ... then just quit . Timex did quickly send a new one when sent in under warranty .
 The front of the package claims the remote temperature sensor can be up to 100 ft away . The literature inside the package claims the sensor can be up to 82 feet away . I found the sensor could be no more than 4 to 5 feet away and in the same room . The base unit would not receive a signal through exterior or interior walls . I sent it back .
 I Purchased two , one only occasionally syncs with the outside unit . I should have spent more money on a better unit .
 Item failed after about 3 months . contacted mfr , who said would repair or replace if i sent to them and paid for repairs . so much for warranty!bought a similar item retail -LRB- for less than paid for Timex -RRB- and now happy but smarter about buying online .
 I have three package of this products and I have a studio apartment.I put all three of them in my small apartment.GUESS WHAT HAPPENED?AFTER 10-14DAYS ? THE MOUSE CAME and it seemed that the Machines did n't work at all.I wish I could Return this . . since I bought it from one of the local hardware store.they would n't let me return.anyway it sucks do n't buy it.my first time comments here in my life cuz I am so mad for this machineplus , it has ` tik tik ... ' annoying sounds when you plug in .
 I would advise anyone against buying any Alco Consumer Product . Not only do their products not work , but their customer service is not existant . I rang twice to enquire about my defective product . My calls were not returned . On my third attempt I rang not just customer service but also the sales department and left messages on both lines . Still no returned calls . How does anyone communicate with company ? Are they still in business ?
 Did not like this product . Tried it , follow instructions and it did n't work ; - -LRB-
 53.2 % Creeping red fescue23 .4 % Annual Rye grass14 .1 Perennial Rye grass4 .4 % Kentucky BluegrassThe Creeping Red will die in full sun and the Annual Rye will die after one year , so planted in the sun , a whole 18.5 % of your mix will be there next year.They also list no variety names of the Perennial Rye or Kentucky Blue so you do n't know what you are getting.I run a seed company and can make this mix for $ 1.47 / pound .
 planted the seeds and a month later we had to rake up all the rotting seeds from the area . waste of money , we found better and cheaper at Home Depot
 Do n't waste your time , money , and effort on this product . I think I got maybe 15 blades of grass . I would give it 0 stars if I could .
 So excited to order this product . Removed old fencing and had many bald spots . Followed instructions , overseeded , rained for the better part of a week and I watered on other days . It 's now three weeks . Where is my grass ? I do n't see one blade . It 's been so wet even moss is growing , but no grass . Cost me $ 40 . Do n't bother with this product . It simply does not grow whatsoever .
 big waste of money no grass grew and i had the perfect conditions and followed the directions to the t but nodda
 Grass seed was spread as directed . Grass finally grew after 12 days and not the 5 days as promoted and came in sparsley . We had hopes , based on the promotional information , that we might get some grass seed that would finally grow well . This was not the case . We would not recommend this product as it did not perform as advertised .
 I recently purchased this item thinking it was a special type of seed.This is a regular shade type grass seed mixture.It contains :53.2 % Creeping red fescue23 .4 % Annual Rye grass14 .1 Perennial Rye grass4 .4 % Kentucky BluegrassThese numbers were on the bag as required.This is close to the same ingredients in most shade mixtures you can buy at any hardware store . I recently saw a shade mixture with almost identical amounts of these seeds for about $ 3.00 a pound at my local hardware store . Also the commercials and ads says you can just spread it by hand but the bag tells you to till the soil to a depth of 2 '' , rake it in and then use a roller . Not as easy as it seems in their ads.I wish these important mixture percentages were listed before I purchased mine from Amazon . Hopefully it helps you in your buying decision .
 We planted the seeds from the directions , watered daily had beautiful sunshine everyday & not 1 sprout of grass to be seen even 2 weeks later . Have contacted the company several times & have had no success in getting an aknowledgement or a response ... they said they guarantee that you will have a full lawn in 10 days - well not from this product !
 After 25 days since we sowed the Canada Green seed according to theirdirections we have had ZERO -LRB- 0 -RRB- germination indicating bad seed . We contactedthe supplier on three occassions asking that `` good '' replacement seed besent so that we could meet the fall seeding period . We were told by the supplier `` We do not replace seed ''
 This grass seed must be mostly a type of annual grass . I planted this grass in three different places . It came up quickly , and I was pleased , but now , the following Spring , the areas are now bare dirt . In other areas of the yard I planted 5-way Tall fesue from Rural King . Those areas are thriving and nice and green.The grass seed is a big waste of money , I had to go back and replant all the areas that I originally planted with Canada Green Grass Lawn Seed.This stuff stinks , so do n't be a sucker and buy Canada Green Grass Lawn Seed .
 I ordered 5 bags and spread it all in newly tilled ground . I watered regularly and still not one single blade of grass has grown . Perhaps it grows in Canada but not Washington State !! Would not waste my money again .
 Canda Green performance was less than adequate - poor germination rate and as a result a sparsely covered lawn area . I planted seed purchased from a local store in an adjoining area for comparison - there was little difference if any .
 Canada Green Grass seed , well `` as seen on TV '' says it all . You see on TV BUT it is very different from reality . Typical infomercial hype , fleecing the American public , no different from Wall Street or the government , A LIE . Go get some Rebel or Gardens Alive tall fescue and you saved mega bucks AND YOU GET A COMPANY WHO WILL RESPOND AND STAND BEHIND THEIR PRODUCT-UNLIKE CANADA GREEN . Search the web and see for yourself . Thank you Amazon for publishing these reviews - unless the dirt bags at reputation defender hide the truth , by forcing removal of the bad reviews , which amount to consoring of free speech . If you wait long enough Obama will buy you this grass seed under the `` lawn entitlement act ''
 I order the Canada Green Grass about a month ago , I wanted to re-seed my back yard , evendo my brother told me not to buy it because he lose his money . I follow the instructions on the label and it never germinate . So I end with two bags of seeds that are good for nothing . I will not recomend anybody to spend their money .
 Not sure this grass even grew , but the mouse that inhabited my garage for a while sure liked the taste . If you want to feed some mice , then this is your grass . If you want a lush yard , not sure you should get this .
 It apparently must be said over and over . This product is mostly annual rye grass . What that means to you is the grass will germinate fast and green up the lawn quickly . Now that 's great if you plan to seed every year , and in some climates two times a year . Annual grasses die out at the end of the season . Due to the fact that this seed mix is mostly annual ... you get the picture .
 I live in north NJ . I overseeded my front yard with Canada Green Seed in the middle of September . Watered twice a day every day , about a week , it started germinating and within a month , my front yard looked good . HOWEVER , now that spring comes , my front yard is dead again ... . This past winter was very mild . I have to do overseeding again . But this time , I use different brand and see what happens . I wasted my money on Canada Green .
 Ok , I did not have the greatest expectations for this product . i did not expect a pefect color match -LRB- which it was n't -RRB- I was however hoping it would last . I bought this to fill in a couple bare spots that was left from when they put in my new septic tanks . I followed directions . The grass came in pretty quick , but died out after only a couple months . Of course this is my experience . I do n't have the greatest growing environment -LRB- a bit sandy -RRB- , but they do advertise a hardy fast growing easy seeding product . I did spend time prepping and watering with limited disappointing success . If next year it comes back stronger ? I will update my post .
 Perhaps I have n't waited long enough to see results but it 's been well over two weeks since we put down the mixture and there has been NO new grass growth .
 The bag of grass seed has ` nt sprouted diddley , I 've got pictures , it 's the perfect weather and the rain is consistant , and to top it off , Iuse miricle grow garden soil of which I have pictures and reciepts !!!! IT 'S GARBAGE , PROBABLY LEFT OVER FROM LAST TEARS SALES ...
 I purchased this on the green grass web site.Their add reads 6 lbs . of grass seed for $ 29.95 plus a # 7.95 shipping fee.I received a 9 lb . package with a $ 2500 shipping fee . It cintained 49 % inert ingredients in addition to the grass seed.So in addition to the extra ingredients that I did not order I only got aboit 4.5 lbs / of grass seed , not the 6 lbs . that I ordered and the seed mixture is not much different than what is available at your local hardware store . I ordered this on 2/6/2013 and received it yesterday 2/19/2013 . I have not planted the seed yet because of our cold upstste weather , but from other reviews that I have read I am not expexting much from th product or the Company selling it . My bad for not reading reviews before purchase .
 I 've used Canadian grass in Ohio & it grew so fast I had to mow it twice a week . This s *** did n't grow in NC
 Not sure if it 's too early to respond but here are my observations . This is day 12 & no growth so far . I followed the instructions directly from the 800 # service center . Reason I had called initially was to express my concerns that the 4lb . bag of seeds I purchased at the beginning of 2/26/2011 had a sell by
 2 Lb Canada Green Grass Lawn Seeds Seed MixtureI had a lawn with several spots and hoped this would be a good reseed of those spots . Well to this point No Luck . It 's been three weeks and nothing is noticable I did a 10 ' x 25 ' area to test . I am patient and will give it another two weeks but doubt that I will waste the time to use the what is left . The bag is supposed to cover 1000 sq. ft. I used a third of it for 250 sq. ft. Alas still bare spots .
 this item was stated to grow grass in so many days and i did everything to get it to start and i have not seen a new grass started anywhere . i did everything it said to do and watered it very well and still nothingi will never get this product again
 Very disappointed in this . It is supposed to be guaranteed to grow ANYWHERE . I put it in my dogs run which is very shady and nothing - have n't had luck with any grass so far . Definately would not order this .
 I sped the seed , even with rain the seed did not cover what the package indicated , not even close .
 Purchased this product April 2010 . Followed directions and had no results . Seed just lay there . Weather was great , warm days and cool nights with light rain . Do NOT waste your money . Go to Wal Mart or your local hardware/garden store .
 Another update , all of this grass that did actuallt germinate died , cheap seed , cheap grass , bad overall and long term resultsI purchased this product hoping it would work at least half as good as the company said ... it did n't . I did a full prep to my lawn to get ready for the seeding , including soil prep and well thatched . I spread the seed , rather heavy as instructed by hand . It has been 3 full weeks now , and I have gotten only about a 20 % germination rate . I am assuming the only seed that germinated is the cheap portion of annual grass they mix in the bag . A big dissappointment because now I still have a bad lawn and it is too late in the season to plant again , it 's unfortunate because I planted in fall which is the best time . I also got one response from the company when I asked a basic question , but when my next communication was more of a concern , I was completely ignored ! Now I just wish I had got the Scotts grass seed !!!
 CANADA GREEN GRASS SEED 4 LB BAGI purchased 6 Bags of this grass seed , we live in Florida . I read the product info . very carefully and it stated all types of climate , so I thought Great , Finall I will have a nice Lawn . I followed the instructions to the letter not only did NONE OF THE GRASS GREW , I tried to find the manufacturer of this product in Quebec , Canda as stated on the bags but no luck.I am so upset nobody will give me a Refund as stated on the Web Site AS SEEN ON TV GUYS.Think twice before you waist your money .
 When you receive the item there is a LONG list of devices that may be damaged when used including anything with built-in rechargable batteries such as shavers , drills , flashlights etc. . Made me questions it 's use for laptops and cellphone since they have rechargers built in . It also may damage anything with speed controls or fans . It 's also not for use with portable heaters or microwaves . That pretty much eliminates anything in my home with the exception of lights and the tv . However , backup system worked properly and without interruption when power cord disconnected . However , when unplugged and in backup mode the LED indicator always displayed a 100 % charge and 0 % Watt usage regardless of how many units were plugged into the device . I charged a cell phone for 10 minutes and upon plugging the unit back in to recharge it indicated the unit was at 80 % capacity but recharged quickly to 100 % . I think the unit is functioned properly as a backup but it has faulty LED indicators for battery level and Watt usage . The LED indicator lights did not work when in backup mode . I called customer service and and the number in the users manual is not a working number . This unit is HEAVY and definitely for stationary and not portable use . Definitely check the long list of devices that may be damaged before purchasing this unit .
 I 've had this UPS for about a year now , and it has become practically useless now . . Let me explain : At first it worked pretty good . I would be able to connect a 22 '' TV , DVD and a small table top fan and run them for about 1.5 hours.Recently , the batteries die out in an instant , no matter how long I leave it charging.If I connect only the small fan -LRB- Which consumes only 40watts according to the LED -RRB- , in about 30 mins the UPS starts beeping indicating an E01 error . After a minute or so , it shuts down.If I disconnect the fan , and turn it on , the LED says its at 100 % charge ... ! Yet if I connect anything to it again , it starts beeping and shuts down in a couple of minutes!Furthermore , if I connect it to the wall outlet , it indicates it 's charging from 90 % , and it reached FUL in a few minutes ... ! What gives ??? If it 's at full capacity , why the heck is it shutting down ?? Seems to me that the batteries are faulty and are not retaining charge.I 'll also note that this is my second Powersource 400 , since the first one died out in a couple of months . During a power failure , it just shut down and would not turn back on . Even when connected to a working outlet.Steer clear from this faulty product . At $ 300 + you can find much better products out there.P.S . And to make it worse , the online tech support at the website actually CHARGES you for any question you may have ... ! $ 35 dollars a pop mind you ! Bravo Xantex ... You give new meaning to `` Thieves in suits '' .
 Fantastic unit , with a fatal flaw . Even when plugged in to 110v , the unit often -LRB- more than once per day -RRB- believes there 's no power , and goes into battery mode . Sometimes , it recovers after a few minutes . Other time , it drains its whole battery , and turns off ! As a result , the unit has drastically lowered the reliability of power availability - precisely the opposite of what it is intended to do.I bought two of these units from Amazon , and will return them . I have since bought an APC XS-1500 which has less features , but works like a charm.I spoke to Xantrex technical support , but they had no solution other than `` sorry , please return them and try to get another one from a different batch date '' . Mine say they were built May 7 2007 .
 I have a number of Xantrex products and have found them to be good quality . I can not say the same for thier product support . I have a Powersource 1800 that shorted out . It is less than 2 years old -LRB- 20 months -RRB- . It is out of warranty . I am willing to pay to have it repaired . They will NOT repair it or sell parts for it . The best they will do is sell me another unit at 30 % off list . I was informed by customer suppoer that they do not repair products that are out of warranty . So beware buying Xantrex -LRB- aka Scnieider Electric -RRB- , Durucell branded Xantrex products , and APC -LRB- a Schneider Electric company -RRB- . Once they are out of warranty , if something happens to the you can throw them in the trash heap .
 I need more info , Give me the measurements . Is it bigger than a bread box ???? I need to know if it will fit my grill .
 Read the other negative reviews . I had the same problems . Suction would only be effective if you lift the vacuum and place it directly on the mess . Otherwise , the bristles would just spread the garbage before the suction in the center could get to it .
 This birdfeeder has enough going against it that I would n't purchase it if given another chance . The central wire makes it swing much more in the wind , making it difficult for birds to feed on a windy day . Although the cover has a button to hold the lid in place , on windy days , the button does n't hold well and the bird food dumps all over the ground . Also , the plastic windows are n't big enough and are barely held in place by the 2 metal clips that line the side of each edge . The plastic fell out when the wind blew my feeder off a really secure branch . However , at least it did n't break . So , overall , I 'm not happy with this feeder and would n't recommend it to others .
 I 'm disappointed with this product . I agree with the reviewer who said that the wire with the plastic button does n't hold the cover firmly in place . This makes the food spill all over the ground . The holes are too big , too . I put tape on the inside over the openings to make them smaller so if the feeder tips less spills out . Also , when you fill it , it 's too easy for the plastic sides to get dislodged -- then the food really pours out . On top of all this , the birds seem to prefer my $ 7.99 feeder from the hardware store . I 'm not going to toss this , but I would n't buy it again . More trouble than it 's worth , and wasteful .
 Birdfeeder has a couple of design flaws that make it unuseable as far as our yard goes . The top does not fit secure on top -LRB- slips off with the slightest bump -RRB- and the press clip slide on the wire that releases the top to move up and down does not hold securely . Therefore ... top is easily set askew when a squirrel jumps causing the feeder to lean to one side and stay there and spilling seed . I do n't know how the reviewer can say that the seed does n't spill . I lose about a cup of seed everytime the squirrel jumps on it . Cute feeder - bad design . Going to my auction box . Waste of money .
 This is a very attractive feeder , but the problems I have will keep me from buying another.The slide-clip opens with very little pressure - the squirrels pop it open every third or fourth landing.The wire hanger is close to breaking near the slide-clip . The slide-clip is a marvelous idea , but the application is weak.It is very simple to clean . The side panels lift out so they can be thoroughly scrubbed , and once they are out , the inside of the feeder is easily accessible .
 I only had this up for a couple of days , and the squirrels quickly learned how to `` jump '' on it to make it swing wildly which causes the lid to come off -LRB- despite being secured -RRB- and seeds dropping to the ground . The squirrels then drop to the deck and eat the seeds , along with birds and chipmunks . Blasted squirrels !
 Claims to hold 5 pounds , but holds maybe 2 pounds or less of sunflower seeds . I do n't see how it could hold 5 pounds of anything . Plus , design allows birds to scatter a significant number of seeds on the ground . I 'm also concerned about rain getting in through the large openings . I may try to block them partially . It looks nice , but I would n't order another because of the design .
 At first , I was quite pleased with the feeder . It looks nice and the birds -LRB- although restricted to small birds -RRB- frequented this feeder often , to the point where I was going through bird seed fairly quickly . However , when I took a closer look , I found most of the bird feed on the ground . When I started watching the birds very closely , I would estimate that for every seed the bird took from the feeder , 3 or 4 seeds would fall to the ground . The feeding holes are fairly large and I expect this contributes to the seed falling out .
 A design flaw in this feeder . There is no center bar to keep the wire from sliding into the corner . This effectively dumps the seed .
 The squirrels have not managed to get into this bird feeder , but they do n't need to . It spills so much seed that there is plenty for them on the ground . It spills when I try to fill it . It spills when larger birds try to eat . It spills when little birds eat . It spills in the wind . If the seed lands on my deck , the squirrels get it after all . If it lands in a flower pot , it sprouts and I have millet along with flowers.It looks OK and might work if you have squirrels and have a place to hang the feeder where a lot of seed on the ground is not a problem .
 What a ludicrous claim . In a way , I suppose it worked . The feeder was so easy for squirrels to get into , six of them died laughing !
 This is one of the worst bird feeders I 've ever bought . It allows the birds to waste seed and the top does n't stay seated .
 We just received this and the lid comes off super easy and allows all bird feed to fall out . Horrible purchase !
 We ordered 2 but unwrapped and set up one as a trial . In 2 days squirrels and large birds had figured out how to access the seed . We took pictures of our smarter NC squirrels and birds asproof !!
 Xantrex Technologies XPower Pocket Mobile Power Source 175-Watt Inverter # 813-0291I used this product for about 10 days and then it stopped working , it would overheat and making a high pitched beeping noise with no power output . I would invest in a higher quality inverter , I wish I never wasted my money .
 The product has a USB port but it is not compatible with my Motorola phone , the phone says unauthorized power supply and disconnects.Works with ipods but I think the Motorola expects a `` smart '' usb port it can talk to and this must not be one .
 The delivered product was different from the product listed on this page
 Xantrex Technologies XPower Pocket Mobile Power Source 175-Watt Inverter # 813-0291It totally pooped out and failed after only a few months occasional use . It worked fairly well on some things like 85 watt curling iron and cellphone charger . It would recharge the laptop but struggled to power the laptop if the laptop battery was low . This despite the very low power demand rating on the laptop.Recently on a long trip it just would n't work any more . We looked it over , tried a different cord on it , and it would n't respond . Forgetting it had a one year warranty and having no room for dysfunctional stuff , we tossed it in the trash . Rats!We are shopping for a 400 or 500 watt inverter now . This one was marginal for our laptop and we need to be able to count on the inverter for the things we need it for . I would n't recommend this tiny device .
 I was excited to be able to plug everything in without a car adapter ... but this stopped working within a month of buying it . I had a close look at it and some of the wires were n't connected all the way , as if they 'd been yanked out or -LRB- as I 'm sure is the case -RRB- never assembled correctly to begin with . At the same time as I say do n't buy it , I 'm not sure which one * is * good because I never tried a different one .
 Please be ware , that this inverter does not have the airplane plug . No bag either . The inverter 's size is small . This product does not match the user manual . The user manual might be an old version . I gave it one star since I need it with a airplane plug .
 i did n't get to use this product because i never recieved it in time for the deadline needed . the return policy is horrible and they charge a restocking fee -LRB- even though my item was unopened -RRB- so do n't buy anything unless you are absolutely sure you need the exact item .
 Xantrex is a leader in the inverter field so I was very surprised when this product failed almost immediately . I returned it to Amazon for a prompt refund and bought one from Jensen , which has worked perfectly .
 We bought one of these several years ago , and it worked very well for about 3 years . The battery finally would not hold a charge , so we bought another one last fall . its battery will only hold a charge for about 5-8 minutes . I looked at the battery packs , and discovered that the old battery pack was a 2500 mAH -LRB- milli-amp hours -RRB- Ni-MH -LRB- nickel metal hydroxide -LRB- better -RRB- unit , and the new one is only 1800 mAH , Ni-Cd -LRB- not as good as Ni-MH -RRB- type . So they have cheapened the device , but not lowered the price . I will try and find a clippers similar to this one , but with an extention cord . Do n't buy this thing , as it is a waste of time and money .
 Unit is just over two years old - by a couple of months . Is hardly used and probably has not seen 10-12 hours of service.It failed . I call . You need a new charger I am told . Buy a charger and pay shipping.Still does not work . You need a new battery I am told . I buy a new battery ; they waive the shipping.Still does not work - push button and nothing happens.Call them again . Maybe the motor burnt out . I take the unit apart - pretty simple thing and I am kinda mechanical . Clean as a whistle inside . All connections solid and motor is clean copper.I call them back . We ca n't do anything about it as it is out of warranty - even a day out and they would not do a thing.Can send battery and charger back with re-stocking charge and me pay shipping . Hardly worth it.Ask if they can at least meet me part way on new one . Ca n't do that.I spent 32 years in corporate marketing and I clearly remember two things we emphasized . `` Ca n't '' usually means `` wo n't '' . Yes , they can do it if they care to.Secondly , the customer may not always be right , but he IS always the customer.They could care less.All I wanted was a little break on a new one to help cover the costs of what I bought based on their analysis.Oh , when it worked ; it worked great.So I have to buy a new one from someone and sure need to find a better one .
 Battery lasted less than 1 season and is expensive proprietary pack . Just another cheaply made , disposable tool with a battery not easily or cheaply replaced.Buy a small corded hedge trimmer and save yourself a lot of greif !!
 I purchased this grass cutter to trim a small area around my sons grave which takes about five minutes . when I first received this item it worked fine . Now after the battery is fully charged it does not last more than a minutes . I have wanted to return it because it has it has a lifetime guarantee please let me know how to get a replacement
 I have had these shear/trimmers for about 2 years and loved them when I first bought them . But after two seasons of use , the battery does not hold the charge very long and there is little power in the trimmers . For the price , I will not purchase again , since I only got 2 good years of use out of them .
 This unit did not properly hold a charge since new , lasts about 15 minutes . $ 45 down the drain , American Gardner does not stand behind the battery - 2 years on everthing else ! Caution
 This product seemed to work fine for a short time until the battery quit taking a charge . Battery was completly dead after about two months and would not take a charge .
 We bought this in 4/09 and gave it VERY moderate use . We have little trimming but the product looked like a good buy . Initial use was impressive with good battery life that was always kept recharged . it was never exposed to wet conditions and never used inappropriately.We did buy an extension handle that did not work because the plastic electrical connection was misaligned . We returned that one and asked for another , only to find the same misalignment , so we gave up on the handle idea.We have kept this equipment immaculately clean amd stored in moderate temps.Now -LRB- 3/10 -RRB- we have a dead battery that can not be charged . The service / support has been turfed to a third party that is only interested in selling replacement parts.I 'm unwilling to spend any more $ $ on what appears to be a great idea gone very wrong.RECOMMENDATON
 I owned the 4.8 Volt version of this trimmer , so I figured the 6 Volt , with interchangeable blades , had to be a good deal . Wrong ! This unit is grossly underpowered in comparison to the 4.8 v model . Perhaps due to the blade/gear configuration necessary to accommodate both attachments . The shrub trimmer attachment is virtually useless as well , due to its size . Plus it 's a bit dangerous - the handle was not designed to be used with this type of attachment . Given the proximity of the blade to the guard-less handle , one slip , or mistakenly grabbing the handle with 2 hands -LRB- as one normally holds a shrub trimmer -RRB- , could lead to a serious injury . I would recommend buying the 4.8 volt model over this one . And stick with using full-sized , properly designed shrub trimmers .
 I used the cordless grass shears 1 time . It cut mounds ofgrass though very slowly . Second time the motor soundedstrong but neither grass or shrub blade worked at all.I am waiting to hear back from the co. on replacement .
 I bought this unit last spring and used it for trimming grass in areas where I did n't want to use the standard cord-trimmer . Had reasonable power and was nice to use , until the NiCd battery died in the fall -LRB- after using it once a week -RRB- . Bought a new manufacturer 's battery for it , and that worked once in the fall . Battery is dead again this spring.If you buy it , get an extended warranty that covers the battery . I will try a Worx this time , and see if its Lion battery lasts longer .
 Spend the extra money for a better pump . I purchased this pump last season . The fittings leaked and would not properly tighten . I went ahead and used it most of the season anyway . Early this season , when attempting to re-prime the pump , I noticed that the sides of the plastic housing were sucking in and out then it cracked spraying water out of it . I replaced it with a Hayward . The motor seems to be well build and strong so I kept it to use if needed in the future and threw away the cheeply made plastic pump housing .
 This picker will get the fruit , but it usually gets some of the branch as well and sometimes rips off a whole branch . It pulls the fruit off . If the fruit does not come off easily , which my oranges usually do n't , I have to pull hard . When the fruit finally comes loose , the back snap of the branch sometimes causes other oranges to fall to the ground and get bruised or broken . The wire hooks can damage the fruit unless you are very careful.The wire basket can be difficult to thread through the branches . It is also difficult to grab a single fruit in a cluster.Get the TwisterPicker also available here on Amazon . It beats the wire basket hands down . Read the reviews there before you buy here . Here 's the link : Fruit Picker , the TwisterPicker
 I bought this last year so I could just use bleach as a chlorine source . BUT , the granules never dissolve . All the granules end up eventually being swept up by the automatic pool cleaner . I could n't tell that they did anything . I used test strips that check for stabilizer content and it never did increase my readings . I have even left a pound or so soaking in 5 gal . of water for weeks -LRB- stirring occasionally -RRB- and still no dissolution . It could be white gravel for all I can tell .
 Arrived with cracked lid . Cooler has thin walls and is easily broken . For those of you who are old enough , it is like the disposable coolers you used to pick up at the grocery store when heading out to the beach or a concert , only this one costs much much more . I ordered a replacement becaue I had no choice , but know what is coming . Not good value , but hopefully not broken , yet .
 I took a chance and ordered this to use as a cheap cat shelter -LRB- which others have recommended -RRB- . It arrived in several pieces , and the carton it came in was partially crushed . The styrofoam is very thin , and probably would n't have held up very long anyway . However , Amazon immediately offered me a refund and I did n't even have to return the item , so no harm -LRB- except the cat still does n't have a shelter -RRB- .
 I bought this to replace a different cooler that was about to wear out . I had a basket made to fit inside the old one . I measured to basket to make certain it would fit . By the demensions given it should have fit easily . However the given demensions were for the very top and the basket does not fit .
 Simply put - I wish I 'd ordered a non-stick version of this product . Even when you coat the basket with oil , fish ends up sticking to it and falling apart as you try to remove it . It may work fine for other items , but if you plan to use this item to grill fish , I 'd get a non-stick one instead .
 I returned product since it came with one of the clips unattached . I figured I did not want to try and fix it , because the other one might come off and I might break it while repairing . Amazon is great they took it back and gave a credit .
 I wanted a moth trap thta would work against fabric eating moths , not food eating moths.I did not know that there were two different kinds at the time of ordering.I was disappointed when receiving my order to find that they were not the same kind I had previously purchased at another site .
 this is being sold for 5-8 dollars on most of the internet . word to the wise , buy this somewhere else .
 I used the pest control product for cloth moths . I placed several of these around my house , 1 in each closet , ect. , but none of the 8 traps have caught any moths yet . Its been several weeks since I put these out in my house . I would recommend trying just one box , and see how that works for you . I unfortunately ordered several boxes at once hoping it would help , but so far , these havent caught any moths yet , but every coule days I see one or two still flying around the house .
 This products is terrible and ineffective . We placed several around our home and only caught 1-2 moths in each . Get the pantry moth trap in the red and yellow pack . It is wonderful . Moths multiply so quickly that you need a powerful attracting mechanism to get rid of them .
 Compared with another brand this was not very effective . It did not attract more than 5 moths in a moth , while another one was very effective .
 The trap worked well when it came with a square bait package that was fit into the back slot . The bait was changed to a square pink piece that sticks to the inside of the trapIt is compltely ineffective . Moths fly all aroound the pantry . infest boxes of food , and never go near the trap . If you trap a moth in there yourself , it doesnt stick to the glue , and flies right back out.I have made this known to the Safer mfg. co. as soon as they changed the bait but they have done nothing.We have wasted about $ 100 on these traps in the past year . Have found nothing to replace it since other companies are using the same kind of bait .
 I have been buying the Pantry Pest Trap for years , and they used to work very well , effectively luring moths with the provided lure and trapping them in liberally applied sticky adhesive that coated the entire surface of the inside of a well designed cardboard trap . The lure used to fit into a slot on the back of the trap , and the edges of the trap bent upward and in , to make it harder for moths to get back out . Well , a couple years ago they changed the lure to a little piece of pink rubber or plastic that you just dropped onto the sticky area . I immediately noticed that the lure was n't NEARLY as effective as the old one was . Additionally , edges no longer bent upwards , and the sticky area inside the trap had shrunk significantly , so moths could escape more easily . I just bought a box a week ago , and I never will again . While they have kept the box the same size , they have shrunk the sticky portion to such a small area , these things are n't going to catch much of anything . Of course , I guess that may be the point - since these wo n't hold many moths anymore , you 'll have to replace them more often . I 'll be looking for an alternative , because they are n't worth wasting anymore money on .
 I bought and installed two of these traps 8 days ago . Let me report on the results so far . The traps have caught exactly ZERO food moths yet I killed 62 in that time myself . I am willing to believe that the product I got was `` expired '' or `` defective '' in manufacture ... but it is disappointing to say the least .
 Followed instructions exactly ! The pantry moths were flying around me and never went near the trap . One moth was on the wall and I put the triangle trap over it and the moth did NOTHING ! Just waited until I moved box . Was not attracted to trap at all . I am returning it .
 I have never given a 1 star before but after 2 weeks these are useless.Last year I bought catch masters on Amazon and they worked fine . I bought these at Home Depot and they worked for about 2 weeks . Today I noticed moths walking on the `` glued surface '' with no sticking at all . Caught maybe 8 moths before losing stickiness . Am going to buy the catch masters again and throw these away . Someone suggested buying fly paper and putting the trap on that .
 I have used traps of this kind before with perfect success . I found out about this kind of trap when a few years ago , an exterminator came to the apartment I was living in at the time and left a different brand of the same style , and it did the trick . All of the moths were gone within a few weeks . So later on in a different apartment I bought this kind of trap , and again they worked . From my previous experience , I know it can take a little bit of time before the moths begin to find the traps , and then they would flock to them until they were all gone . I have now bought two boxes of Safer traps , and all of them have been sitting around different areas of my home for nearly a month , and the moths are still all around , minding their own business , completely uninterested , and I am sure the continue mating and expanding their numbers . I 'm definitely not happy about that . Did something change about this product , or had I bought a different brand the last time ? Could n't possibly recommend this brand given my recent experience .
 Took 3 weeks before they caught their first moth ... and by no means has it eliminated the moths . Wo n't be trying this product again .
 I think the pheromone encouraged breeding ... I swear there are now more moths than before !!
 I set the traps out , one in my pantry closet and the other one out in the open and after several days not one moth was in the trap and I was still killing them on my own with whatever I could find handy to swatt them with . These things are worthless .
 I had a bad infestation of pantry moths and tried this brand but was very disappointed to find that the area where the moths stick is very small even though the cardboard trap is as large as the other competitors traps . The sticky area fills up with moths and wing scale very quickly and then is totally useless even though it is supposed to last for three months . Poor Design ... . I guess they want you to buy a lot of these . Check out the other brands . The best I found are the Pro-Pest Pheronet Brand . It is here on Amazon : Pantry Moth Traps - Set of Three
 This trap does not work . The glue on the trap is n't sticky enough to capture the moth so the little critters fly in and out of the trap but rarely get stuck in it . The absolutely fly in ... . that part works fine , but then they fly right out so it is n't very satisfying.Traps with strong glue/stick work great ... but this is n't one of them .
 I was hopeful because I was sick of killing moth after moth . I have never before had this problem but was gone from the house for 2 months and came back to a bit of an infestation . I have gotten rid of all food and completely washed down the whole thing walls shelfs everything . I still get 2-6 a day on the walls that I kill , not one ever went in trap . I am not impressed . I do n't know if I should try a different kind or look for a different method . Based on my experience I would not recommend .
 I 've tried this product several times . It just does n't work for me , as for so many others . I 'm an avid baker , and hate moths . These ` traps ' can be up for weeks , and not catch a single moth - while I see moths in my kitchen ! I put in another brand , and the trap fills in a week . Sorry Safer - maybe you need more product development ?
 I usually use the Catchmaster brand traps , but saw these in the store and thought I 'd give them a try . While they have the same design as the Catchmaster -LRB- basically a cardboard triangle with a sticky interior and a scent lure to attract the male moths -RRB- they do n't work nearly as well . In the same cabinet , the Catchmaster trapped over a dozen moths ; the Safer only got one.I 'll be sticking -LRB- sorry for the horrid pun -RRB- with the Catchmaster from now on .
 Bought these from the local hardware store because the house was infested with indian moths . The traps come already assembled and the adhesive is already exposed . Set these up in the kitchen and pantry and came back and saw the moths left brown tracks on the adhesive but managed to escape because who knows how long the trap has been sitting in the shelf . There is no protective cover on the adhesive to peel off like other moth traps on the market and so the adhesive is not very effective in adhering to the moths . Will be trying Catchmaster traps since the adhesive has a protective backing to be peeled off when ready to use .
 I had been using Pantry Pest traps successfully for years . Recent purchases have n't worked at all ! I will not buy them again .
 I have tried everything to get rid of these creepy little flyers !!! Peppermint oil ... nope ... bug spray ... nope ... bay leaves ... nope ... soap and water ... nope ... thowing everything away and storing everything in glass sealed jars ... nope ... freezing everything that comes into this house ... nope.So I found these stupid little traps . So I buy them ... follow the directions ... and put it in my cabinet . The pantry moths would fly all around the trap ... like they were really excited ... Eager to get rid of these little buggars I sat and watched the trap ... One flew in ... landed on the sticky tape ... fluttered around a little bit and was gone . He never stuck . So I checked the trap and stuck my finger on the glue it was sticky alright . So I thought maybe he just got lucky . So I watched the next one ... he did the same thing !!!! I was LIVID !!! How in the world am I going to get rid of these things ? So I figured ... just leave the trap up and see what happends . 3 weeks later -LRB- they say replace every 3 weeks -RRB- I checked the trap ... . NOT ONE MOTH WAS ON IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What the heck ???!!!! There where a bunch of black / brown marks on the tape ... but not one moth . BOTTOM LINE
 Ths item does not work . I even sent an email to vendor to explain proper install of lure -LRB- in case I was installing it wrong . Never heard from them again . I would definitely not recommend this vendor or product
 Save your money or buy another type , because this type does not work.Home Depot sells them for less .
 Should have listened to the other reviewers . Big mistake . Moths started flying around when I opened it , but it has been 4 hours and only one has entered the supposed death trap . I have like 20 moths chillin ' two feet away . Obviously I have a major moth prob , and I know it only captures males , but really ? Only ONE male ? I do n't think so ... maybe the strip is too small or not strong enough . I am trying another brand . Along with the other long term measures of course .
 The area that traps the moths is quite small and I do n't believe it attracts the moths as well as others I have used .
 Since we are experiencing a pantry moth infestation , I feel qualified to rate traps . Of the three brands that I have tried , Safer is the least effective .
 Length :
 I have a bit of a pantry pest infestation and ordered this product with high hopes . I received the package and quickly set the trap up with the pheromone luer.Next day I eagerly went to check on the trap and there was one little moth stuck to the inside of the trap . I then realized I had left out a bowl with water 3 feet away from the trap and there were TWO dead moths floating on the water.A couple of weeks later and the trap has that only moth inside and there are numerous other moths flying around the kitchen.Very disappointed !
 I was unimpressed by this product . When I put this product out on my counter , the moths looked a little dazed and confused . Most flew near the trap , but less than 10 percent got inside the trap , near the sticky part . The rest just kept flying around the kitchen . I also tried placing the trap inside the cabinet -LRB- with everything removed -RRB- with similar results . I would find moths within inches of the trap , but none inside .
 I do n't see any results ; I ordered this supposedly to kill clothes moths ! I placed the traps within 5 ft of area where moths have eaten holes in my T-shirts
 Safer
 The Pantry Pest did not work . The sticky adhesive missed most of the moths !! I actually trapped a moth in the triangle and it hit the sides of the trap -- nothing ! It bounced off them like it was super moth !! The lure is tiny and did not attract many moths . I would try other things first before buying this .
 We had few moths hanging around on the walls , swatted them but each day another couple of moths again , no larva found.Bought the safer brand pantry pest trap . When I opened the box the two traps had the lure pkts stuck in the traps ; I had to pry them out of the sticky stuff and then open the lure packets . Suddenly 5 moths swarmed around me . I set the traps as instructed , saw one moth fly near the trap ; one went in and came right out . The others just swarmed near the trap but never went inside . I had to kill them myself . Then I took the other trap out of the pantry closet because it did n't catch any moths after three days . I put that trap over the kitchen cabinet and immediately one moth showed up flew around and went in and did not come out . Three days later no other moth went into the trap . I have n't seen as many moths as before . In the meantime I 've checked cabinets , drawers , vacuumed and went over most of the kitchen . No larva , just a couple of dead moths in a pot cabinet . For now I ca n't say the traps worked well .
 I have many `` pantry moths '' . This safer brand product does not attract any of them . I am very upset because the other safer products that I have used are outstanding ... this one is a let down ...
 Repeat . I more recently ordered new traps for a second home . The old traps were full of dead moths ; I have thrown them out . But I do not have one moth in two `` new '' traps . I am still being shipped OLD DEFECTIVE products -- while moths fly around.Earlier review
 It doesnt work !!!! I based this purchase on the reviews . I set it up in my kitchen and watched the moths walk on it without even getting stuck . Most were not even attracted to it . First time amazon disappointed me . DO NOT BUY IT !!!
 Three weeks after putting out Four traps , we caught exactly FOUR moths in the traps . We killed another THREE DOZEN by hand . If these four were the ONLY males , it must be a happy life for them , i.e. , if they do n't get caught in traps ...
 I picked this product up at my local Ace Hardware store . I had high hopes for these traps , but they simply are n't working . The lure seems to work , but I have n't found one moth in either trap and they have been in place for three days now . The moths do fly around the traps and walk inside only to come right back out . I do n't know if there is a problem with the glue or not -LRB- I did n't want to test it by touching it and compromising the product -RRB- , but I do see tiny flecks of something on the glue pads . It 's very frustrating to be out the money for these traps since they do n't seem to be working . It 's even more frustrating to see the moths still flying around .
 So disappointed , it read so well , but its been sitting there for over a week now and my abundant moth population are completely ignoring it ... Indeed they are having a party less than a metre from the trap as if to tease me ... . I 've resorted to hoovering them up daily ... . do n't waste your money !!!
 I have returened the item because it did n't catch any Moth Fly in 15 days while another brand I got on the same purchase was filled with stuck Moth Flies . -LRB- SpringStart BioCare -RRB- is the best . it keep catching more and more Moth every day .
 these traps were really disappointing . The traps were not sticky enough . There was evidence that there were moths in the trap , but they escaped .
 They work but the sticky area is about half of the size of the trap . You also must put their '' lure '' on this sticky area so unlike other brands that come with the chemical already in the sticky part you can not cut the trap into a few smaller traps and put into a few places . I found Pro-Pest brand better because all the inside surface is coated and treated and because of that has twice the moth catching and holding capacity . You can cut this brand into two or three smaller traps and place in a number of locations . I have done this and it seems to work just fine . That can save you some money .
 Well , it attracts moths well , as indicated by the `` powder '' marks on the tape . On the other hand , it has yet to trap even one of them . I think I can hear them laughing at me right now .
 Want to add my voice to the negative reviews here . My family brought home some moths in store-brand brown rice and have been battling a minor infestation ever since . Minor in that we 've kept them down to only one or two living moths visible at any given time ; less minor in that the larvae get into / everything / before we find them.Before Safer , I had used another brand , which was reasonably effective , catching several moths in a two-week period . When I returned to the hardware store for another box , they were all out , but had LOTS of Safer brand traps . Now I know why.The sticky patches are small and not very sticky . I 'd take the trap down and see black smudges on the stickum that said a moth had landed on it and then flown away again . In a couple of weeks it had caught one moth , and there were obviously others flying around elsewhere.I returned to the hardware store for another package of the first brand -LRB- I am not remembering the name -RRB- and informed the manager of the store that this worked very badly . I hope he will watch out for his business and cease to stock these money-wasters . Sadly , they seem to be the only brand stocked in most places .
 I purchased 3 brands of `` pantry pest '' type traps . The `` Pro Pest '' brand FAR EXCEEDED the `` Safer '' brand . Right now , `` Pro pest '' has 40 moths on it . `` Safer '' has NONE ! I am a researcher , so trust me that I have controlled the performance environment of each product
 We used Pantry Pest for several years and it used to do a good job of controlling the occasional infestations of flour moths , but they 've changed the design of both the box and lure and now they 're crap . The adhesive , while nice and sticky , has been shrunk to two tiny patches and the lure is a thin rubber square that you toss onto the adhesive instead of the former round packet . The moths do n't seem too impressed with the little square and neither are we . I 'm trying other brands now , the Springstar one has generous adhesive and a square that seems to actually work for instance , Catchmaster is next . No more Pantry Pest for our house !
 Does n't work and I have four of the traps set up all around the house . The only moths in the traps are moths that I had caught and thrown into the trap out of frustration .
 I bought the Safer traps and Contech traps at the same time . I followed instructions and waited . The Safer traps , after 4 days , have not trapped a single moth . The Contech traps are almost full . I placed them next to each other to see if it was the positioning , but still the Safer traps have not worked.I could understand if it only trapped a few , but none ?? We have a terrible infestation of moths and I 'm not pleased at all that apparently these traps have been changed , which is why there are previous good reviews.I 'm sending them back .
 I bought some bird food that was infested with moth eggs . By the time I found out , my house was full of pantry moths . Tried vacuuming , cleaning , swatting , and spraying , but the little guys just kept multiplying . I saw these moth traps at Home Depot after I had ordered another brand on Amazon . I picked up two traps at Home Depot . The next day , I also received the other brand from Amazon . The Safer brand caught 4 moths in an entire day . Since that time , all 4 moths have gotten loose and went on the prowel . The sticky pad does not work . The other brand I bought is full of moths . The moths just swarmed to it immediately . The moths flew around the Safer moth trap , but very few of them actually entered the trap . It is designed just like the other brands , so it puzzles me why the moths will not enter the trap . I set the Safer and Biocare moth traps in the same room . The biocare worked so well that I have to order more to replace the two that are completely full of moths . In the meantime , I will leave the Safer moth traps in place just to see if they will catch any moths with the other traps removed . So far , after a few hours , the traps have not caught one moth.I seen the good an the bad reviews on this brand . Thought I would try it . Evidently , it is a quality control issue since some people have good results , and others ; like me , have had no results whatsoever .
 This product did not work . I think 2 moths got stuck to the trap and that could have been by chance ...
 I purchased 8 of these and had to give a star otherwise there would be none but I did learn a lesson . We had a massive number of moths appear almost overnight and our house was full , they were everywhere . A white ceiling looked dark there were so many . I set these traps out and in four days I caught one -LRB- 1 -RRB- single moth . I do believe it was an accident on his part taking a wrong turn and getting stuck inside . I would not try them again having checked locally finding them 30 % cheaper before shipping . So look at your local hardware stores but not for these I would n't hit a dog in the back side with these . Ask what is good and in a day you will be moth free . We bombed the whole house and vacuumed them up . End of story .
 I have two of these in the cupboard where we have a moth problem . The moths are not well attracted to this trap . Previously I used a trap from a seed provider . It was many time more effective than this one is . I 'll go back to the other seller .
 I bought these traps and had no luck whatsoever . I had loads of moths and I had used another brand , which worked very well , but that brand was no longer available . Then I bought this brand and it did n't catch one moth . I used one trap with one square of pheromone . I followed the directions completely . In other words , I do n't think the problem was me . I have to wonder whether these sat on the store shelf too long . Anyway I took them back to the store and got my money back.It might be hard to return these if they catch one of a hundred moths and are therefore used and slightly successful . Fortunately for me they did nothing.I now have another infestation and need to do something about it , but I do n't know what I 'll do as I need a product that is 100 % successful , else the remaining moths will replicate .
 I purchased these at a local hardware store . The lure works , but the glue does n't hold the moths .1 -RRB- Upon opening the box , I discovered the traps are already pre-folded for use . The glue is exposed to the air with no plastic protective covering . This is different from every other trap I 've used . All 3 boxes were like this , so it appears to be the norm for this brand .2 -RRB- There are two lures included and they are packaged individually . That 's great if you do n't want to use both traps at once . Most brands package them together.I noticed that approximately 15 moths were flying around the trap within the first 5 minutes . They were clearly very attracted to the lure . But , two days later , only 1 moth was caught . The glue sides were covered in moth dust , which I assume is from the glue escapees.It was n't a total waste . I used the lures in separate bottle type trap , which worked great .
 Literally does nothing but take up space . Bugs walk around and are not even remotely interested in stopping in . I 'm not sure if the `` lure '' even works . I also do n't see how they would actually stick to the box ... does n't seem sticky enough .
 The attractant part of this works almost instantly . Within seconds of opening the pouch the moths were swarming . The sticky inside the trap is 100 % garbage ! Not a single moth got stuck . I watched them get their wings and feet ` stuck ' only to easily free themselves again . The sticky is covered in dusty wing prints , but there are none actually stuck . This product gets a 2 only because the attractant made it easier to squish all the moths .
 Like of nowhere , we suddenly had two or three moths in our pantry every morning . Hence , we set up the two Pantry Pest Traps directly inside the pantry and left the doors open for two days . Surprisingly , moths kept flying or resting under the shelves and not a single one was attracted to the lure . They totally ignored the traps and not a single one got caught . In my opinion a very bad investment at over $ 6 for two useless traps .
 These have caught hundreds of moths in the past . But the last ones are NO GOOD ! I have traps set out and the moths are flying around me ! These no longer work . Do n't buy these .
 Amazon should be ashamed of selling this and there are probably a whole bunch of people in China laughing at the people who buy this product . We bought these as a replacement for older moth traps that actually worked and I ca n't believe the difference . The attracter square is tiny and does n't attach anywhere while the on-the-trap folding instructions tell you to put it in a non-existing place -LRB- I have an idea where they should put their traps -RRB- , and the sticky trap material is again , virtually non-existent . Total crap . Buy these to send to someone you hate who has moths .
 These traps have caught nothing but dust . I would not recommend this product to anyone who is experiencing problems with meal moths .
 I must preface my review with the point that I 'm not sure if these were out of date ; I do not have the best of faith in the seller from whom I bought them . If they were not extremely old , however , I would say they are not very powerful or effective . When I have purchased other moth traps -LRB- I have tried four different brands -RRB- the pheromone pads always have a distinct odor immediately upon opening the packet of the most effective ones . These exuded no smell whatsoever . Also , the better ones begin catching moths immediately . A moth circled the vicinity of this trap for a good hour without feeling enticed enough to go inside . The next day , not one moth is in the trap . Finally , the sticky surface inside the trap is not the stickiest I 've seen and does not cover the entire inside of the trap . Definitely would not recommend .
 Please do n't buy this product because it does not work . The glue is very weak and the moths just fly in and out of the trap .
 this product did nothing to trap moths . I followed directions and put four traps in a small room and days later no moths were caught .
 Ordered this based on the product name . The directions are horrendous and make no sense . It is cheaply made and I had to rig it up in order to have the basket sit on the side of the pan as they said . . I would NOT recommend this item !!
 This product could be dangerous to your health ! The stainless steel bristles have started to fall out and could end up in your food if you are not careful . They are difficult to see laying on the grill cooktop . I saw a newspaper article recently where a man ate a burger with a wire stuck to it and needed emergency surgery when the wire pierced his stomach .
 I bought my unit three months ago and it worked just great - for two uses . Now it does n't generate any pressure so I may as well just use a hose . I tried their online help twice . Got cut off the first time and waited 45 minutes before hanging up for my second try . I 've emailed them 5 times over 5 weeks and have gotten their reply `` We 'll get back to you in two days '' - And they do n't . Want to escalate your problem ? Good luck finding a company address or phone number . Guess they do n't want pesty customers bothering them . This was a BAD BUY on my part .
 After following the instructions I had to contact customer service -LRB- must be done on-line -RRB- to tell them that the machine plug is defective . It will take 2 weeks to get the new part and in the mean time I am up the creek.I also found it strange that the exact reviews here on Amazon are on 4 other website word for word . This tells me that they were written by the company and not real people.I can not say anything good about this machine as it does not work yet .
 I 'm really in a quandary on how to rate this Powerwasher . Before it burned-up today , the pressure was incredible . The pressure was so strong it could even remove dried cement splatters from the bricks around my house . Just amazing!I never did find the soap container , but I filled a gallon water jug with soap and water and ran the soap intake tube from the Powerwasher into the gallon jug . It works well , but uses the entire gallon of soap water in about 15 minutes . Using this method also makes it cumbersome to move the unit from place to place.Today I was powerwashing my BBQ when the unit stopped working . While I was trying to identify the problem I noticed that the plastic parts around the pump motor had melted . The reset button on the plug would not reset either -LRB- that 's a good thing -RRB- . So now the power sprayer is broken and it looks terminal.Before the Powerwasher burned-up today , I probably would have rated the unit as 4 stars . If it had just stopped working today , I probably would have rated it 2 stars . But the fact that it got hot enough to melt the plastic around the pump before the reset switch tripped , I 'm giving the Powerwasher 1 star.I 'm beginning the process to have the unit replaced , now . I hope that goes smoothly . If the manufacturer replaces the unit promptly , I 'll raise my rating to 3 stars . Stay tuned . -LRB- My original review was from 10-28-06 , the day this unit melted . This update is from today , 1-2-07 -RRB- : I received the repaired unit back from the manufacturer in early November , but did n't use it until last week to clean the rain gutters . It worked great . Today I hooked it up , rinsed out some trash cans and was going to wash the car when the unit started smoking again ! Same as before . The plastic covering over the pump motor melted when the pump overheated . Now it 's broke again.I 'm going to try to get a refund . I change my rating to ZERO stars . This is ridiculous !
 I purchased this power washer just over 6 weeks ago after reading all of the rave reviews posted on it . I used it for approximately one hour to clean my picket fence and it quit working and has n't worked since . I have been in contact with the live chat online twice and tried every suggestion and it still does n't work . When I finally gave up and decided to get a refund , I found out it was over 30 days since the date of purchase and was not entitled to a refund . So , I contacted the company and they sent a shipping label and said they would fix it once I sent it back . But , even if it is fixed , I do n't know if it will work for an hour and quit again . I was also disappointed to find out that only 25 foot hose lengths are acceptable and no extension cords should be used . None of that was stated in the description of the machine on Amazon.com . This makes it rather difficult to use on a large home and fence . Now , I am kicking myself for buying this piece of equipment based upon reviews appearing on this website.Since I posted this review , I have shipped the power washer back to the manufacturer for repair at their cost . About two weeks later , a new power washer was delivered free of charge to my house . I was told the old power washer had a `` rare internal motor problem '' and it was cheaper to send me a new one then to have the old one fixed . I used the new one thiw past weekend for the first time and it worked great and really removed the mold from my vinyl-sided house quickly . So , I have to commend the manufacturer for standing behind their product and giving me great satisfaction . So far so good with the new unit . I would have to increase my evaluation from 1 to 4 stars .
 first time using , motor would come on , but no pressure . tried contacting them via telephone , impossible !! finally used ` chat ' line , after trouble shooting with them for 3.5 hrs , determined machine was defective . all they offer is to repair and return the machine . wanted a new machine , as this machine was DEFECTIVE ! even after speaking with a ` customer service manager ' , they said that was the best their company can offer . really glad bought this machine from amazon , as they will take the machine back and give me a refund.moral of story - hope your machine works ok when you recv 'd it , otherwise , this company has no customer service .
 I had this unit for about 3 months before it broke . The detergent stopped dispensing . Tried to call customer service but there is no phone number listed anywhere . All you can do is chat online , which I did . They determined the problem and sent me a new suction assembly to install myself . Why am I installing this and repairing it myself when it is under warranty ? After installing the new part which took a couple of hours , the detergent still would n't dispense . Back to chatting and their response is that I do n't know how to use the unit.Do yourself a favor and pass this one up .
 I bought this item because there were several good reviews of it . I got it and within minutes I was disappointed . I previously owned Karcher and this unit was clearly inferior .1 -RRB- the item is made in China - not that that is bad but it is made with less quality .2 -RRB- Under high pressure , the variable pressure nozzel does not spray in a fanned out pattern , it is a small circle - it 's hard to sweep back and forth and get good coverage .3 -RRB- the hose reel is not what I expected . You must unscrew the hose from the pump in order to wind it up on the reel . And then you must unwind it completely and then re-attach the hose to the pump when you want to use it .4 -RRB- The turbo nozzle keeps fighting your hold on the wand as it rotates .5 -RRB- and the pump does not turn off when you release the handle.I returned it to Amazon and ended up buying the Karcher K 5.85 . Consideralby more money but for me it is worth it.Karcher K 5.85 M Electric Pressure WasherIt is made in Germany and feels and looks like much better quality . The reel on the Karcher actually does what I expected it to do , you do not have to disconnect the hose to roll up the hose on the reel .
 I assumed that the pressure washer would have a detergent container ... . their web site has one as an excessory for $ 10.00 so i ordered it , but it does not fit anywhere that i can figure out . called and they finally got back to me about it and as there were no identifying numbers or anything on the containter , we decided they would send my another one as could have been a mistake ... . guess what , the same one as first arrived . called again and spoke to someone who said their supervisor was goinginto the warehouse and check it out ... . so far that has beenseveral weeks and i am going to try to get it resolved ... How could any company design a powerwasher without a detergent container ? When i call the people who answer phone do n't know anything ... . the photos on the webe site and instruction book do n't show configuartion of the back of the unit or the back of the container . Ca n't seem to find anyone who knows ...
 Disappointing - I needed more PSI than my existing power washer which has -LRB- about 1,200 PSI -RRB- . While I am happy with the 1,750 PSI , the motor on this model and brand will not turn off when the sprayer is released . I contacted the manufacturer and they sent a new wand after about a month . The new wand did not correct the problem . I needed to get the deck done before winter so I kept the sprayer on the entire time since I was afraid the motor would burn out . I know if I take the unit apart , there is a component that is only supposed to be adjusted by the manufacturer . I am not going to waist any more of my time with the manufacturer so it looks like I will be spending 5 or 6 hours to fix it myself . My recommendation is not to buy stuff like this on line . Buy it at a real store where you can take it back if it does not work .
 I used the powerwasher -LRB- 1750 -RRB- right after I purchased it and found the pressure not as `` powerful '' as I hoped it would be . I found the reel not easy to use for the cord . The next time I wanted to use it -LRB- recently -RRB- , I found the clear , short tubing had broken off the washer at the brass fitting and could not use it . I give it a poor rating for water power and workmanship .
 I 've purchased many items from Amazon , but this is the first that I 've ever had trouble with . There were extra pieces when I took it out of the box . Then when I set it up as instructed and turned on the hose , water shot out from inside the unit . Since I preferred not to be electrocuted I did not turn it on . When I called the helpline they said I had to take off the cover and see where the leak was -LRB- however , two screws are inaccessible so I had to buy an extra long screwdriver -RRB- . With the top off I could see that the pump mechanism was loose -LRB- only one cheap plastic fitting seemed to hold it in place , and that was broken -RRB- . I 'm sure they will send me a new cheap plastic fitting , and after waiting weeks and spending hours replacing it , the powerwasher might work without the risk of electrocution . I 'll repost when this is fixed or I 've given up . Please heed the other reviews that mention the poor quality - I did not , and I am paying for it.Updated 12/07
 This was a very helpful unit . I found if very useful in cleaning the decks and stripping paint . After a few uses , we gave it a good run while cleaning chimney bricks and the plastic housing around pump melted and poof - the unit seized up . We reported it right away but did not follow up until near the end of the one year warranty . FAIP had us send it back to their factory . It was never fixed and returned to us . My sense is that this unit might be ok for the occasional car cleaning , but the design with the plastic cage simply can not stand up to the heat . Better to spend a little more to buy something a little more rugged from a company that will stand behind their product .
 I received a defective unit . The motor was working fine but the water leaked out from the pistol and it had no pressure . Inquired online with the tech support and they confirmed the gun was defective . I returned it to Amazon . Nevertheless , I was impressed with Amazon 's return policy and procedures . All I need to do was to print the return shipping label and attach it to the box and then bring it to any UPS store for shipping . I did not have to pay for the shipping for the unit when I ordered neither for the retuning shipping cost . Amazon made the whole return process painless .
 my pressure washer , pw1750 by Faip is an absolute piece of junk . It worked properly for 1 week , then nothing but trouble.DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!
 What you get : Lots of pressure for the price . Plastic sprayers . Brass garden hose connector in back . Some kind of metal connector in front . Overall design not that good . Hose hook up is in the back , so that means you ca n't roll this thing around on it 's wheels with hose attached . What good is that ? Garden hose hook up should be in front . This also caused a lot of entanglement of the hoses & electrical cord which made this thing very difficult to move around -LRB- it weighs pretty heavy too -RRB- . Another design gripe is the Washer Hose wheel at the top of the machine . You ca n't unwind or wind it while attached to the washer connector in the front . You have to pretty much unwind the whole hose before use then connect and vise versa when reeling back up.Too add more pain to all of this ... My washer ended up blowing off and breaking it 's cheap metal connector which was attached to the hose that connects to the soap dispenser . This metal connector can be found at the very bottom of the inside of machine . It appears to be attached to the bottom side of air compressor output.Final analysis
 I have been looking for planters like some I already own and have not been successful . I thought I found the right planter , but it is not what I expected . What I got was a cheap flimsy pot . I would not get this again .
 ordered this plant older thinking it would look like the color in the picture ... well it does n't ! color was more of a teal or aqua color . . not what i wanted but Amazon was very professional about the return .
 This planter is not high gloss , but the typical cheap planter available at any discount store . The planters I got were a dull red finish , cheaply molded plastic with scratches , scrapes and excess plastic at seams .
 Item arrived scratched and scuffed in many places all along the outside ! This is junk -- soft , scratched-up plastic . I ca n't put my nice plant in this and expect it to look decent ! Has this been abused in a Dollar store , then consigned to be sold here ? This is junk . Waste of time & money RMA .
 Wanted it for decorative purpose with an artificial plant but it looks very cheap . If you just want it for an indoor plant , it should be fine . It is a small step up from the pots that plants come in at the store .
 It would have been a nice pot but the pieces that attach the tray to the pot were snapped off so the bottom had holes in it . Lame .
 I bought these planters because I had owned them before and they were very durable and attractive . I especially liked the high-gloss look . Unfortunately , when I received my planters , they had been put in the shipping box with the wadded up , rough craft paper that Amazon so often uses and it ruined the high-gloss finish of the outer planter . The other planters were nested inside and were fine . So when I ordered them in another size , I ordered one extra figuring that they would be packaged the same way despite the fact that I notified Amazon of the problem . Sure enough , same problem , but I was able to return the ruined outer one that I did n't want anyway -- it essentially served as packing .
 Bought several of these to line my driveway on Halloween night . The donut shaped bases are supposed to hold water or sand to weigh them down . One base did not have and internal wall so you could ` nt put anything in it . Other 's leaked water all over the place . They kept falling over and breaking . The weight of the chain itself was enough to cause them to sag to one side . Absolute junk .
 The ad states the cover is for umbrellas 9 ft to 11 ft. We bought two identical covers for our two different 11 ft umbrellas and neither cover could be closed fully with the zipper . The closed umbrellas are simply too full at the lower two feet . We would have to rate this product as a failure .
 These were designed for very narrow , small umbrellas and I could not even fit them over my umbrellas . I returned them and ordered lovely , large roomy ones from Brookstone for three times the price . I guess you get what you pay for ...
 The below reviewer is correct on the size of this item -LRB- 65 '' by 23 '' -RRB- , which was not listed in the description when I made the purchase . Unfortunately , it 's not big enough to cover my table and 4 patio chairs
 This cover looks nice when new , but is not durable at all . I 've had mine just about a year , and it is ready for the trash bin . The color has completely faded , and it is brittle and tears with the slightest contact.This is not a good product . A cover for outdoor should not need to be replaced annually .
 Although the quality is good , there was no mention of the actual size of this cover . I 'm only able to put it over the table , for which it is too big but not over the table with the chairs around it as it was intended to be used . So now I just have a too big cover over the table and nothing to protect the chairs .
 PROS
 I recommend buying a more substantial gnome and just painting a UGA logo on it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 The hose squirts water out from the brass coupling behind where it is fastened to the spigot . A big waste of water .
 I agree with others that this thermometer looks very nice . It 's a shame that the temperature accuracy is completely useless.I bought it 1 year ago and it has never been accurate , not even close . Guessing the temp yourself is more accurate . At this moment , it 's 92 degrees -LRB- two digital sensors are nearby -RRB- outside , but this thermometer says it 's 80 degrees.I left it displayed in my back yard even though it has no purpose other than the pretty bird picture .
 I returned this item because it does not read the temperature properly . It would n't go below 30 degrees even when temps were in the teens . No good . That is probably due to there is no cover on the back where the mechanism for the readout is . Bad design . You are better off going onto one of many websites to check the weather for your area . Do n't buy this item .
 When I received this thermometer , it was very scratched . The entire outside looked like someone had taken something harsh -LRB- like a brush -RRB- and went over it . I was very disappointed .
 This thing is so flimsy it will probably break if you fart next to it ! Arrived cracked and scratched , no packing around it . Had 10-piece screwdriver set in same box with 4 layers of bubble wrap around them ! go figure . Very cheaply made , not worth 14 dollars . No problem with refund though .
 I bought this because it is easier to see than the mercury ` bar ' thermometer when on the deck.The problems are several
 Well I guess the quality of these is hit-and-miss , because the one I bought at a local L home improvement store does not register temperatures below 40 . There is frost all over the grass , birdfeeders , cars , etc , and our other 2 thermometers read 31 degrees , but this one still says 40 . This thermometer has not dropped below 40 degrees once this whole winter .
 This thermometer did n't work . Like another reviewer wrote - it stays at 40-45 degrees all the time . I wish I could give the product a zero but Amazon 5 stars ! The refund/return was so easy and Amazon even provides the shipping label so I do n't have to pay to return it . I got free super saver shipping to begin with so I 'm out $ 0 . This is why Amazon rocks and I am a frequent customer . I rarely have any issues with AMazon purchases . I am a loyal customer because I know that when there is an issue , they make it right .
 This is the cheapest looking item I have ever bought from any store whatsoever . It must have cost 50 cents to mass produce . There is no back on the thermometer , so nothing protects the spring for the needle gauge . I can not see it lasting longer than a New York Minute .
 Unfortunately , I did not listen to the other two reviewers who stated that this was a very cheaply made product that does n't work . I wish I had . It started out reading over 10 degrees greater than the actual temperature but now reads ~ 40 degrees no matter how hot is actually gets outside . Do n't waste your money .
 I found this thermometer not to be accurate . It is less accurate when the air temperature is over 80 degrees .
 I guess this makes sense if you want to look and have a number . Easy to read dial . It is `` lightweight '' so it is shaky to secured and the bimetal spring is not protected . I have had to move it from the place for where I wanted it to a place that was my 3rd star choice for accuracy . I have to say it is a fluff piece if you work off the temp . I have had it out there for 6 months in New England weather and it has survived it 's first winter . So I added a star .
 It is a piece of plastic with the temperature hands put on it . Cheaply made .
 Do n't waste your money . Its not accurate and if it was , its too cheaply made to last . I guess its worth the 10.00 I paid so you get what you pay for .
 the face cover fell off trying to hang it and it is about 7 degrees hiher than it should shouldnt have ordered it my fault should have read the reviews
 The first thermometer I received did not show accurate temps when compared with various sources . I returned it for an exchange . The second one had the same problem so I asked for a refund . Not a brand I would ever buy again .
 This product is totally useless . It was 120 deg reading when I took it out of the box and hasnt budged since -LRB- local temp . is 72 deg . -RRB- They dont even provide a way to hang it which is ok since I threw it in the garbage anyway .
 The visual aspects of the thermometer is perfect - but - it does not accurately show the correct temperature . It is off by as much as 5 degrees . It does not pay to send it back because the shipping cost makes it prohibitive . But Amazon had the best prices for this product that I saw anywhere . Again too bad that the product is defective .
 I bought this large outdoor themometer because it had graduaions for temperatures that can be seen from a distance . I mounted it approximately 75-80 away on the outside of a wood shed in an area not in direct sunlight . I read the reviews before I purchased it , some were good , some bad , so I took a chance . It is cheaply made , doubt if it will last one season of cold and hot temps , but the worst is that it was reading 6 degrees higher than the acutal temp . I put a smaller outdoor themometer , bulb style , which i knew to be accurate . I have been able to twist the metal coil in back and got it down to 4 degree lower , twisted it again to read the same temp as the smaller guage . Do n't know if this will work , but worth a try . Recommendations , keep looking for a better build and more accurate themometer .
 Nice large numbers = yes . Easy to read from a distance = yes . Accurate = NO . It is off from 4 to 10 degrees or more and there is no way to adjust it .
 Out of the sun , it 's pretty accurate , but in full sun the thermometer max out at 120 on an 85 degree day . I 'm going to relocate it on a fence , out of the sun , covered in ivy , more as a curiosity then a functioning thermometer .
 I had one similar for many years that was accurate until someone 's dog jumped up and knocked if off the fence breaking it . I bought this to replace it , however , I ca n't imagine how this ca n't work unless it is made of really shoddy materials . It reads way off the correct temperature as told by my radio controlled weather station.My advice - do n't buy it . The manufacturers will get the message eventually and make a decent product . As long as we are buying and putting up with shoddy goods they will keep producing them making us part of the problem !!!
 I ordered this thermometer as a gift for my mom and did n't even give it too her . It felt flimsy and cheap .
 I 've had several rain gauges , some in this class and some better , but this is one of my least favorites , along with a Timex unit.Comparing readings with my other gauges , including my `` pro '' one , this unit seems to read high ... but the most annoying thing is that this one is relatively fragile and it did not stay put when mounted to a fence . The mounting options for this unit are very poor . If you are sticking it in the ground or using it to measure water for a sprinkler system then it would probably be better.If you want a cheap rain gauge , then I recommend theChaney Instrument 5-Inch Capacity Easy-Read Magnifying Rain GaugeIf you want a `` real '' rain gauge , but still not what I would consider expensive , then I recommend theStratus RG202 Long Term Professional Rain and Snow Gauge .
 I ordered the smoker for my son for Christmas , when he tried to use it the lid was too little and just fell down in the smoker . I sent it back and recieved a refund .
 As it comes out of the box , you will have a hard time keeping the temperature up into the cooking range -LRB- 200 F -RRB- on this smoker , unless you add hot coals every 30 to 45 minutes . The problem is that the fire does not get enough oxygen with the fire pan provided . To increase air flow , I drilled about 30 half-inch diameter holes in the bottom of my fire pan . Then , I bought a charcoal grate from Home Depot . I set on top of a 3 inch tall collar made of aluminum flashing that sits in the drilled out fire pan . Many of the barbecue sites on the web have other detailed instructions for modification of water smokers.As the fire burns , ash will drop through the fire grate into the fire pan . Eventually enough ash will accumulate to block the air holes , so it is important to keep these open by poking a stick around to keep the air paths open . Be careful of hot coals dropping from your smoker and starting a fire . I use a shallow pan filled with moist sand to protect my deck . Also , I heat up the water to boiling on the stove before adding to my smoker . With these modifications , I can keep the fire in a reasonable temperature range by adding wood chunks and cold briquettes a few at a time.I think a product should work without the buyer having to extensively modify the equipment . However , very good barbecue can be produced on this unit after the modifications have been made . If you want to give smoking a try without investing much money and can make the necessary modifications , this unit will work ok . If you want a water smoker and can invest $ 180 , buy the Weber Smokey Mountain Smoker . I will probably buy a large smoker with an offset fire box in a few years , but this one will work for now .
 We purchased this item and saw great uses . However , just getting it out of the box indicated a problem . The base unit was out of round and I struggled to get the top packaged in it out . The top was perfectly round and the base could never be `` squeezed '' just right to allow a proper fit . There was always a gap of at least 3/8 '' on one side . I took it back to the store and because of my time putting it together , they offered me an upgrade for the same price . Same problem on two more so I said forget it got a refund . Poor workmanship and quality control .
 I purchased this smoker a year ago , to start cooking out some ribs for a family gathering . I had a long time ago the electric version of this cooker , and since getting into charcoal with my grill -- thought that I might as well go Charcoal with the smoker as well -LRB- Charcoal + Wood is a heck of a lot of fun for me -RRB- . Well , this thing could not keep temps up no matter what . The ash would choke out the fire , and I was constantly tending it . The end result was fine -- it just was a TON of work ! Threw it out a few months ago , and got a Weber Bullet Smoker.I 'm running it now , and it has been maintaining a temperature of 235 degrees -LRB- + / - 5 degrees -RRB- for the last 4 hours ! It 's a bit more expensive -LRB- $ 200 compared to $ 35 -RRB- but if you want something that will last you and you can afford it , I completely recommend that smoker .
 If you 're considering buying this thing , DO N'T !!! It will not maintain a useable smoking temperature . Everything you 've read is true.However , if you are like me and it 's too late because it 's already sitting in your back yard , do this : Buy a Weber 72201 Replacement Charcoal Grate available here on Amazon . It fits perfectly into the charcoal pan with a little bit of space underneath it for ash to fall down . Second , yep , drill a few holes in the pan below the level of the grate you just added . These two things will let the excess ash fall away and let a little air in so you coals do n't go out . Also , I suggest using natural lump charcoal , the bigger chunks , instead of briquettes or at least use the large size briquettes . These will last a little longer for smoking . Good luck.A little update , if you want to convert this P.O.S. to an electric smoker search for `` Smoker Electric Converter '' and you 'll find a kit pretty cheap that is for converting a charcoal water smoker like this to an electric water smoker . You plug it in and adds some chunks of hardwood every couple of hours for smoke . Works great to make this thing useable .
 I actually didnt purchase this smoker , luckily , but I borrowed it from a friend to try out . I 've had about 10 successful smokes on it , but it is not as easy as it should be . In order to even get the thermometer to read in the ideal range , I 've found that not filling the water pan at all is the key . Otherwise it gets stuck on the cool/ideal line . My smokes have taken 3-4 hours longer then expected due to the ashes choking the fire out . I would have to stir the coals and knock ash off every 30 min to retain a decent temperature . As soon as I have the money , I will buy the Weber Smokey Mountain and give this smoker back to my friend .
 Pros
 i broke a piece putting it together and can not order a new part because char-broil does not answer the phone and you can not order a new part online been 3 weeks everyday calling and no answer . Will never buy another char-broil product again .
 Yes the price was right , and the color was glorious , there 's just one problem ... the unit is built like a piece of **** ! I have been through two units , and each arrived with a warped body , a lid that was not a fit for the body , and rivets and seams that were not sealed . Amazon was great returning the first unit , but TWO with the same issues ? You do get what you pay for .
 I purchased the Char-Broil H20 Charcoal Smoker with the expectation that I would be able to smoke ribs or a ham . I assembled and operated the smoker according to the instructions provided . The basic problem with this smoker is it can not maintain an `` ideal '' temperature . The charcoal pan has NO airflow so as soon as you get the fire to white ash stage and assemble the smoker to start cooking , the fire goes out . This is a critical design flaw.Being new to smoking , it took me one ham and six racks of ribs before I figured out that * I * was not the problem . I even attempted to call Char-Broil 's `` Service and Help '' hotline . The lady who answered the phone , while polite , had absolutely no idea how the product was supposed to work . All she could do was read the instructions to me -LRB- that I already had -RRB- and suggested that I call a little later when `` Fred '' was in the office.I am very disenchanted with this product . If someone is considering purchasing this smoker , please reconsider . I am so upset with my experience that I am contacting North Carolina 's Attorney General 's office and reporting this as a Lemon.The smoker WILL NOT WORK out of the box as advertised .
 The problem with this smoker is that it is very difficult to achieve and maintain a high enough temperature to hot smoke foods . After I performed the usual modifications it worked better , but it was still no great shakes . That said , it works pretty well for cold smoking -LRB- below 150 degrees -RRB- . So if your main focus is curing bacon or pastrami say , this will probably be serviceable and I 've gotten a lot of use out of mine in that application . But I think most people would be better served by skipping this product and getting a higher quality unit .
 This smoker is impossible to add fuel to once the water pan is in place , so maintaining sufficient heat is also impossible . Also , no `` user '' manual came with the smoker , so it takes a lot of experimenting for a new user to figure out how to use it .
 I agree with most of the criticisms already stated . It is literally impossible to add additional coals . Also , the grate/water pan supports are garbage -- difficult to place the bowl with the fire hot , and then it will frequently tip . Maybe my technique isnt perfect , but I have had only two successful uses of this thing . I may make additional changes , e.g. removing one grate and mounting the water bowl higher . Maybe that will open up an area to load coals more easily . In addition , my father has a two-piece smoker that lifts to add the coals -- FAR better for the same price . AVOID this smoker , IMO .
 I disagree with the other review on this . It 's not in fact built like a tank . So , the `` substantial '' weight of this product is in the iron grate only . The copper basin is about as thin as it probably could get . I 'd say it weights 2 pounds or so . In fact , mine arrived with a large dent which , thanks to the thinness , I could push back with one finger . It 's overpriced for what you get , but appears to be functional for a patio . I 'd say get the screen because the grate is flush with the top of the copper bowl , so the logs will have nothing to contain them if they tumble out . To me , this is a $ 150 Pier One Imports quality item
 Have owned this grill for a little over 3 years when the controller burned out . I went online and ordered a new controller from Charbroil -LRB- $ 34.95 + S/H -RRB- . Upon arrival , I plugged it in and it blew my GFI ... after inspection , I realized the electric element was also burned out , causing the controller to not work . Again , back to Charbroil , where the element has been on back order for several months ... and still is as of this date -LRB- $ 74.95 + S/H -RRB- . After days of complaining by email with the customer service department , and no electric element replacement in sight , I am returning the controller for a refund and purchasing the Holland Electric Companion . This product has inherent problems that cost way to much after an already hefty purchase price .
 The grill is hard to light and the valve broke after one turn . I had coleman like this and lasted 8 years . I gave this one star because it it is easy to put together . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!
 Thanks China for another inferior product on the shores of our great nation . This thing is junk . Wo n't stay lit , so cheaply made it is scary to use .
 Very unsteady legs . Wo n't stay lit in even the lightest wind . High heat the only one that really accomplishes anything . Better off spending a little more $ $ and getting one that 's more dependable .
 This thing is horrible . Very cheaply made , does n't want to fit together quite right , the handles are so cheap you better not try to tighten them up AT ALL when putting them on , the regulator gets in the way of the legs flipping over the top -LRB- to hold the lid on in transport -RRB- ... believe me , spend the extra money and get the Weber Gas-Go-Anywhere grill , you wo n't regret it ! I had one of those for YEARS and it always made the best steaks/chicken breasts/pork chops/salmon/etc ...
 I bought this grill for summertime grilling at the park . Unfortunately , it broke the first time I fired it up , before cooking a thing . When I took it out of the package to assemble it , I thought , `` Are these handles for a GRILL really made of plastic ? Maybe they 're some sort of special heat-resistant resin that just looks like plastic . '' NOPE . Just regular old plastic . As soon as this grill got hot enough to cook anything , it also got hot enough to make the top handle come right off its mounting screws . Do n't waste your time .
 Will not light . I am not a beginner at assembly of these mini grills ... all I smell is propane accumulating . Absolutely will not ignite with a brand new wand lighter . Dangerous and very poor design ! Do not buy this .
 I bought this grill so that I could grill veggies and fish outdoors without the fuss of charcoal . But I have tried chicken fajitas and calamari on skewers , and both times the grill did n't get hot enough . I had to finish them both on the indoor stove . Next time I 'll research better before shopping .
 Despite following directions , the cheap bracket that holds the burner to the bottom snapped during assembly . Very flimsy product -- you definitely get what you pay for . It 's going back ...
 I will open with the expected `` DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT '' . I ordered this grill for the first weekend of college football . The weather outside was nice , low 60 's , light wind , sunny . I set the grill up with a new full 16 oz . Coleman propane tank . After setting -LRB- and keeping -RRB- the grill to high , it took multiple attempts to keep the grill lit , despite the low wind . After 20 minutes the grill was still not hot , but I put on my 1/4 lb hamburger patties . After mulitple attempts to keep the grill protected from any breeze , including putting the grill in the trunk of the car -LRB- do not try this at home -RRB- , I pulled my burgers off after AN HOUR AND A HALF -LRB- 1.5 hours -RRB- . Despite this amount of time on the `` grill '' the meat was still raw and I went through an entire canister of propane . There was nothing else I could do to help this grill cook , short of breathing on it . Spend the extra money for a better grill !
 This is my first product review . After receiving this grill I feel the moral duty to write this review to warn others of the horrible construction and poor quality control of this product.I was not expecting much with this portable grill . Being half the price or less than other grills I would have been happy with a couple of seasons of use . Unfortunately my disappointment with this product began shortly after opening the box.The first step in the assembly of this grill is to bolt the burner down to the bottom of the grill . This is where I discovered that the hole for the 1/4-20 '' bolt on the burner was not tapped . Having access to a machine shop , I was able to fix this with a hand tap . Metalwork should not be required for assembly , this is an inexcusable defect in quality control.The second step required bolting the handle to the top of the grill . Here I succeeded in stripping the threads out of one side of the cheap plastic handle . I bought some threaded inserts to reinforce the threads and hope to have the handle installed shortly . Or , I may just replace it with a wood/ceramic drawer handle.The last step of the assembly was to install the propane pressure regulator . Here I discovered the plastic dial had separated from the rest of the metal regulator . It still kinda works , but requires quite a bit of fidgeting to shut off when the dial comes off -LRB- which happens all the time -RRB- . This is a huge safety hazzard.Overall I would not reccomendation this grill to my worst enemy .
 I picked this up at Home Depot figuring it 's a char broil how bad could it be for $ 30 . Put it together at home , tested the system for leaks and electronic ignition seemed to work fine . Took it to the beach the next day . It was a little breezy ... would not spark/light difficult to attach and then when I finally manually lit it it took forever to heat up and would only cook on high ... and I was just heating up hot dogs ... heaven forbid trying to cook chicken . When finally warm , the heating is very uneven.I guess I 'll put it in my earthquake kit to use only in an emergency .
 This grill was difficult to light , would not stay lit when the least bit windy , and needed to be run at high or near to high . Consequently , when grilling some chicken , the entire grill caught fire . The handle on the far side from the gas bottle started initially and then the paint on the body burned . Flames shot up two feet . I was able to disconnect the gas before the burning paint reached that side . Needless to say I was terribly concerned .
 I bought one of these to use for car camping . It 's OK for hotdogs and -LRB- thin -RRB- burgers , but forget about pork chops or chicken . It either would n't stay lit or would n't get hot enough if the wind was blowing a little.I replaced it with the Weber Q and could n't be happier .
 I purchased this grill about 3 years ago . I was initially happy with its performance and loved the fold up legs , but I would never buy another one . The construction is cheap and flimsy , which I did n't mind at first since I only use it on camping trips . The downside to the cheap materials is that the burner does not get hot enough to properly sear a steak , and the legs are quite unstable . I was also never comfortable with the flimsy connection between the regulator and the burner . This grill can also be exceptionally hard to light . I 've also had a problem with the heat shield falling out of position whenever I transport it . Most recently one of the cheap plastic handles broke worsening this problem as the heat shield rests on the inside of the nuts that hold the handles in place.Despite these significant flaws I 've still been able to cook some decent meals . Since I only paid about $ 30 for it , and got 3 years use out of it , I really should n't complain . However , now that I 'm replacing it I 'm buying a Weber Q100 which I 've read has better performance and will last much longer .
 We received the propane grill very fast but we a little disappointed how thin and cheap looking the grill was . The plastic screw in handles are not very elegant and the screws do not hold the handles tightly to the grill metal . We will make it do for now but frankly it is a very `` cheap '' looking and functioning product for the money . We would not ever buy this again .
 Amazon was great about my gift and the return . I received the grill as a gift from my daughter and proceeded to put the grill together only to find that one of the clips for the hood did not screw together . Then I realized I was missing one of the screws that holds the valve cover and both bolts and nuts that hold the burner in place . After all this I also found that the ignition wire was missing . I tried for five hours to call Charbroil only to get a busy signal . Then I was finally able toget through but was told that there was technical difficulty and to call back . I called back numerous times to no avail only to hear a new message to call back between the hours of 8a . m. and 8p . m . The instruction booklet listed the telephone number and stated open 24 hours 7 days a week . The next day I was able to get through easily enough as I called at 8:02 a.m. only to be told that to get the parts I needed to either fax or mail a copy of the receipt . This is a lot of bull for a few screws a wire and a clip . I explained that it was a gift and I had no receipt but did have the Amazon packing slip with the order number on it . This was not enough and when I asked to speak to a supervisor was put on hold and then she typed a request for customer service which I have not heard from since . The grill is great and I have given two as gifts but will never buy from Charbroil again and would not ever recommend to anyone after finding out about their customer service .
 I bought this grill last year with the hopes that it would become a regular part of my weekly cooking . I was sorely disappointed . This grill could never maintain a decent grilling temperature . I ended up buying another gas grill with a standard sized propane tank with a side burner to boot - worth it for the extra amount of money it cost , because it was utterly more useful . I do n't think this grill is useful for anything except keeping food warm .
 This grill came with a broken thermometer and several bent and dented parts . Charbroil will not replace the parts unless the customer pays the shipping . Charbroil will not accept the receipt I received from amazon.com . Do not buy this grill and do not order it from amazon.com . Customer service is very poor and it will end up costing you more money to get this working .
 I 've only given the grill 1 star because of my frustration with receiving an incomplete product . I 'll re-review once I receive the missing parts and actually grill on the thing . Somebody was asleep at the switch during packing because I 'm missing both bags of hardware -LRB- screws , nuts , etc. . . -RRB- , the grill top handle , the grill leg handle , all parts for the ignitor , the burner , and the grease cup and clip . I called the manufacturer 's 800 number to get the missing pieces and they told me I should receive them in two days . We 'll see ... I 'm a little worried at what I 'll receive because the part numbers listed in my installation manual did not match the part numbers shown on the operators screen . It 's probably just a substitution issue but I do n't have a warm and fuzzy feeling . More to come ...
 Alright , I admit that I 'm a BBQ snob , if there is such a thing . This grill just doesnt quite measure up in terms of build quality or performance . The box arrived from amazon and the interior was filthy . The brickette bag opened up and the ashes were everywhere . It wasnt difficult to assemble , but its not the most solid structure ever . The fit of the top/cover is awkward . The flame inside the grill comes from a single contact point , which is located beneath a heating plate . Usually , this disperses heat adequately , but not when its windy . Also , as the grill ages , Im sure the flame will be less and less evenly dispersed , making for hot spots in the grill . Ill keep this grill for two years and then go back to a Webber .
 I was excited to find a grill that was not huge and you could easily wheel around . When I lit it for the first time to make sure it worked and after about ten minutes of heating up , it started making a popping noise . I noticed that the paint was starting to chip off in places . This occurred both outside and inside the grill in several spots . I am not sure if it was just this unit that had the defective paint or not , but I decided to return it and not try another model like this .
 While this unit is compact and serves its purpose , the Start switch -LRB- for igniting the burner -RRB- has never worked properly , so the burner has to be lit manually with a match . As for the assembly , dozens of parts were included and the instructions were poorly presented and hard to follow . Unless you 're highly skilled at this sort of thing , you 'll likely find assembly of this unit frustrating and time-consuming .
 First , do not pay attention to the older reviews that say it comes with a propane tank and ceramic briquettes . It does not.That said , this is a decent product that works as described . Its construction is comensurate with the price - A plastic base , thin sheet metal for the legs , a plastic handle - but the fire bowl is thick steel , the grid as others have said is high quality . The lighter works flawlessly.My problem with it is that it wo n't get hot enough for true grilling . Hot dogs took 20 minutes to cook on this , chicken almost an hour , and I ca n't imagine doing hamburgers on it.It 's OK if you want to do slow cooking with the cover on , but my style is to build big fire and sear the meat so fast the juices do n't have a chance to escape . For slow cooking I have an oven . This one went back to the big box .
 1 star is too high for this grill ! Because we LOVED our 1st Char-Broil Patio Caddie , we purchased another one after 6 years of Great Grilling.BUT BUYER BEWARE ! These grills are now being made in CHINA and are not of the same quality that they once were.After only three grillings , the `` porcelain '' grate was warping , disintegrating , and missing its `` porcelain '' WHEREVER the meat had touched it . Needless to say , I fear that it disintegrated right into our food and we ate it.After reading an internet article that said `` Radioactive metal is being welcomed by smelters in China , ... '' I became even more concerned about the quality of materials used in the manufacturing of this grill.Initial contact with customer service was good and apparently a new grill grate was on its way ; but delivery did not occur in the 7-10 days promised . After waiting 17 days , I was told that the grate may not arrive for another 2-3 weeks because it would come to me in the order in which I was positioned . Evidently , I was not the only person with this problem.I took the opportunity to ask if the replacement part was also made in China , and was told that it was.NO THANKS ! Who is to guarantee that any future black stripes on my meat will not be `` porcelain '' coated metal ? And who out there can say with absolute certainty that injesting such a questionable `` porcelain '' coated metal is not hazardous to health?I am returning the grill to HOME DEPOT for a FULL REFUND .
 I bought one of these as it is compact and yet not a table top unit . There is one primary flaw with the unit which is that it simply does n't get hot . If you want to sear something , you need to get a propane torch or something because the grill of the unit ca n't be lowered closer to the flame . This means that the food is always at least 10 + inches away from the heat . Because the heat is so weak , as soon as you remove the lid to check on the food , the temperature of the unit drops severely and does n't recover for several minutes.Terrible , terrible , terrible grill.Really , it 's terrible.Looks nice though .
 I had purchased the patio caddie 3 years ago and loved it . I would bbq about 4x a week , it was that great and convenient.Unfortunately I needed to replace the bbq , and ordered another one.The new model is much less quality . And I paid $ 60 more on Amazon than I did the first one . The control know does not regulate the heat to HIGH , heats up the grill to MEDIUM at best.Also having spanish translation on all the controls is annoying.It is a great fit for a small patio , and the previous one was GREAT !!! I was hoping for the same quality and enjoyment , but have been extremly disappointed .
 This is n't bad for a small place like my deck . Does n't get super hot but with cover on and high heat works fine . The heavy duty enamel grill plate is nice and the metal kettle is attractive . Unfortunately the plastic handle on top gets very hot and broke with a small bump after only a couple of weeks . A labyrinth of customer service makes my replacing it unlikely . Do n't really recommend although their are n't many small gas grills out there .
 This was my third patio caddy . The idea is great . Small gas grill perfect for cooking for 1-4 people , dome top makes it possible to grill a whole chicken . Unfortunately , the quality of construction seriously declined - and now these are discontinued items from Charbroiler . I do n't have a suggestion for another grill , but if you find one floating around out there on the market , save your money . The new design has the legs in 2 pieces that need to be screwed together -LRB- and are wobbly no matter how tight the screws -RRB- , the grill used to be nice flat bars , now thin wire , and the enamel finish has already started chipping of in a big way . I am so disappointed in the quality of this grill , I doubt the next one will even be a Charbroil brand .
 Everything was fine with the grill except the lid had a quarter-sized piece of enamel missing during shipping . Charbroil said they would not replace the lid because it did n't affect the grilling . I sent them a photo indicating the damage to the lid and they decided it would be covered under warranty . It 's been two weeks and I have not received the new lid . I called Charbroil and am getting the runaround ... hopefully the cover will be shipped soon . Otherwise , it 's a very nice looking grill for a small patio .
 Perhaps some folks do n't mind un-even low heat grilling but for me , I 'll move on . The fire is far too un-even and too far from the grill plate . So if you like your steaks cooked quickly , crispy on the outside , rare on the inside , skip this grill.I will try the weber Q next .
 Extremely disappointed with this grill . It just does not put out the heat required to properly grill . If you want to char the fat ... . forget it , even with the gas turned up as high as it will go . You better have a place to put the lid or be willing to work with one hand when you remove the top .
 I live in a condo and am not allowed gas on the balcony so I use the electric caddie . I go through about one caddie per year but put up with it as it 's the hottest electric around . The first time I used this latest the thermometer managed to get up to 400 degrees . My previous grills had reached 700 . I called Char-Broil and was advised that as they no longer used lava rocks in the contraption , this was normal . DUH , you might mention this in the manual . I wanted a new thermometer anyhow and after spending a week establishing my bonafides -LRB- multiple emailings of my Amazon purchase documents -RRB- I was told , `` OK . You 're registered . Call for a new thermometer '' . My question , `` Exactly what have we been doing all this time ? '' . My `` case '' at Char-Broil shows `` closed - cust . has decided not to place order '' . Now , after little over 3 months , the heating element has died . After sitting on hold for eons -LRB- a normal occurance with Char-Broil -RRB- I found that a new element would cost me $ 19.95 + shipping as it is warrented FOR ONLY 3 MONTHS ! I bought the element but never again!I now use a Wolfgang Puck Electric Grill/Griddle which works just fine , thank you . And it 's truly non-stick and cleans up beautifully .
 My grill came unopened with missing parts and NO INSTRUCTIONS . When I called CharBroil customer support they had no help for me other than to MAIL me the manual -LRB- which obviously does n't help me grill dinner tonight -RRB- . I went on their website and while they offer a list of ~ 100 manuals `` in case you lost yours '' , the one for this grill is not available . I 'm beginning to wonder if they actually have a manual . The customer service person I talked to was ZERO help other than telling me to return the thing . I WOULD NEVER BUY A CHARBROIL .
 I got this at a great price in my gold box and was ecstatic as I have been looking for a gas grill for some time . When I unpacked it there were two large chips out of the thin enamel coating on the bottom half of the cooking chamber . When I called Char-Broil about a possible replacement , they said that this model has been discontinued , so that is something to be aware of.As I was getting near the end of assembly I realized that there were no flame diffusers like all other gas grills I 've seen . The flame comes up through one tube and heats a round , five inch diameter cast iron plate . The heat then radiates from there . NOT at all what I call a grill . I call that an oven . If you are looking to cook over flame , look elsewhere . Also , the quality of the product is mediocre at best .
 I live in a sub-tropical climate , and after a year the enamel grill kettle is holding up well . It is kept covered most of the time . The problem with this grill so far has been the rapid deterioration of the cast iron heat plate inside . It has already rusted about half way through . For the price I paid for this small grill , I expected a much longer life span for it 's parts . Now I have to pay for a new plate , if I can find one .
 I ordered this item based on favorable reviews from friends . The grill was not available in stores in the SF Bay Area so I ordered from Amazon . It was not immediately available so I waited 4-6 weeks and it arrived on the promised date . However , the connection on the igniter cable was the wrong size . I called Charbroil customer service and was told they could not provide a new one because this grill is discontinued and no longer supported by them . -LRB- Huh ? I said -RRB- . Since I had the whole thing assembled anyway , I attempted a test using manual lighting and it did n't work at all . Based on my experience , my advice to anyone is
 After two weeks of arguing with the nice-but-beleagured CSR at Char-Broil , I have to say that I 've never dealt with more corporate stonewalling in my life over a clearly defective product . I had a previous Patio Caddie that lasted me nearly eight good years -LRB- 2001-2008 -RRB- before finally biting the dust . The Patio Caddie I bought in 2008 as a replacement worked great -- for the first couple of months . The push-button igniter stopped working , which was a drag , but not the end of the world . Then the screws holding the clips that would affix the lid to the grill itself while cooking began to fall apart . Again , inconvenient but not awful.It was n't until about a month ago , however , when I cleaned the interior of the grill that I learned that the heat medallion and all of the component screws , nuts and bolts were n't just mildly rusted but literally corroding away into nothingness . This is after just 13 months of semi-regular use in very mild Southern California weather with the use of a grill cover when I was n't cooking with it . I would have expected this kind of corrosion if I lived in Ohio and left the lid off for the entire winter season -- not taking care of it on a covered apartment patio like I did . It 's clear that quality control is n't much of an issue at Char-Broil and that the China-made components they 're using are cut-rate at best . The nuts are so corroded that when I tried to use a pliers to loosen them , they began disintegrating . I ordered a replacement medallion and parts , but it looks like they may be impossible to use.The 90-day parts warranty is a joke . It 's almost as if Char-Broil knows that this is exactly the life-span of the components and that they 're going to rust and corrode into nothing after this point . I called to complain , fully knowing about that my warranty expired , but despite having been a long-term customer who 's referred many people to this line of grills , I was completely blown off even after having sent in photographs to back up my claim.It 's too bad . The size and efficiency of the grill is perfect for my needs . And there does n't seem to be anything in this size on the market right now . But there 's no way I could ever recommend the Patio Caddie -- and based on how they wo n't stand behind their product , Char-Broil as a whole -- to anyone . What a piece of junk .
 I have tried to use it for the past year and a half and it never gets hot enough to cook more than a hot dog ... We have decided to throw some charcoal in it the next attempt to grill or set it out to the curb from some other poor sucker .
 My grill stopped working after two summers and it had WAY too many hot and cold spots . I bought it in 2009 and now have to buy another grill this summer . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 This little grill looks nice but mine will not reach temps above 300 degrees . That was on a cool day about 60 degrees out side . It took a very long time to cook burgers but it did actually get them done eventually.I 'm not sure I could cook chicken on this with such low temps . I have one other Char-Broil grill that lasted about one season . I wo n't waste any money on another . The only reason I bought this one is that I got it for 48 bucks.Its not really even worth that in my book .
 The grill does a fine job of cooking . Design leaves a lot to be desired . The top of the grill is not hinged and designed to fit on the side of the bottom section , putting a 500 degree top next to your cooking movements - really bad idea !!! Where do I place this hot top , out of the way , when turning meat so not to get dirt or other stuff on it ? Also with the wheels located , NOT opposite the handle , it is difficult to move with a tank attached -LRB- which will be most of the time -RRB- . Definitely would not purchase again . Ignitor failed after the first use .
 Bought one at end of season -- for under 99 dollars . As I grill year-round , yes even in Chicago -LRB- in a coat in winter -RRB- -- it got a workout . And died accordingly after only 2 years . Will NOT replace with same . If you use it only occasionally-maybe it would last .
 This is no more than a glorified propane cook stove . It has no lava rock or ceramic stones . Just a burner . Mine also came without a propane tank . Does n't work too good without one of those . Could have bought one just like it locally with ceramic stones an a propane tank for 5.00 more . What a gyp .
 Bought this grill less than one year ago . It is theoretically a nice little grill however I have been very disappointed in the overall quality . The supports are flimsy to say the least and the gas valve -LRB- controller -RRB- has never really worked . I have to constalntly mess with it to get it to work . If you want to spend more time grilling and less time fussing with a grill , there are better choices than the Patio Caddie . I do n't recommend it !
 We had several gas and then electric caddies -- for a beach house with high winds making gas impractical . They once were great and now are absolute junk , and they shortened the warranty from 5 years to 90 days . Even so , I was able to make a warranty claim on our last one -LRB- AND I MEAN LAST ONE -RRB- because the burner unit and the regulator/plug-in burned out in 60 days ! Then the handle broke in half . Just after I duct-taped it , the entire handle came off . And everything else , the legs , the grate , all are thin and cheap . They have sold their last unit to me . P.S. . If you look at the favorable and unfavorable reviews , the favorable are generally old and the unfavorable are new -- doubtless coinciding with their switch to manufacturing in China .
 If you are looking for a very low end gas grill this might be the one . Its shipped in a little box and has lots of parts , and takes a couple of hours to assemble . Parts are cheep and do n't always line up or fit together very well . Once the grill is in one piece it take up very little space , so its good for a small space . I was disappointed with the flame adjustment , it 's basically on or off . It 's very hard to position the meat anywhere on the grill that is not directly over the flame , so the meat burns on the outside before it is done on the inside . The lid does not open on a hinge like most grills , you must completely remove the lid and put it somewhere to get at the meat . I wish they made a really high end gas grill for a small space . Not everyone with an outside balcony wants to slum it with their gas grill .
 I had previous Patio Caddie and was delighted . Decided to return to Char-Broil and ordered new unit.Several problems
 I 've had this grill for about 6 years . It 's very handy , making it easy to grill for one -LRB- the wife 's not into big hunks of meat -RRB- . I have to move it in/out of the garage before/after each use due to condo rules , and this is very easy -- I would hate to try this with any larger/rectangular grill.Previously I had been using an even smaller Thermos table top grill , using those costly camping gas cylinders that are screwed on . This actually worked great , but I got sick of buying all those cylinders , and felt eco-guilty about it.Unfortunately the heat output is just too low -- I still use the Thermos table top if I really want to get a good sear . And this is with the lid on ! Do n't even think about grilling with the lid off.The heat output is from one single spot in the center of the circle , that is somewhat dispersed by a cast iron disk . This does n't really work and essentially gives only a hot `` ring '' about at half the radius of the circle . On the plus side , you can put soaked wood chips on the disk and get some good smoky flavor from a gas grill ! The heat output also varies by the wind -- there are no controls over venting , and in a mild wind -LRB- more than a breeze -RRB- , the grill wo n't even get over 400F . I have an oven that can do better . So you ca n't grill on windy days .
 I just returned this to homedepot in the 30 day moneyback guarantee program . I really thought this would be the answer to my search for a quality small grill . Looks good on the outside -- heavy metal , porcelain coating . They really cheaped out where you could n't see it . The burner unit is just a tube with a tiny screen that shoots straight up onto the cast steel plate -- yellow flame and very uneven heat . The valve has almost no adjustability between high and low . Do n't buy this grill . the search continues .
 When I received this grill from Amazon , the boxes contained only the shell of the grill -- ALL hardware pieces were missing . Char-Broil refused to replace the entire unit and required me to send them a list of missing parts -LRB- dozens -RRB- . They never got all the parts to me -- even the gas regulator is still missing . So , a year later despite repeated letters and phone calls , the grill sits in my garage , unused and unassembled . Beware !
 This barbecue was only about $ 80 when I purchased it through Amazon 10 months ago , and it was n't worth that much . I finally assembled it and have been using it for 6 months as I write this review.This is my second Patio Caddie . I bought the first one about 6 years ago , and thought it was excellent for a small space unit . Eventually , the cast iron plate had rusted away to virtually nothing -LRB- with weekly use , and living near the ocean with the barbecue outside , but under a roof , year-round -RRB- . It was so rusted , there was no way to remove it for replacement , but the grill body , grate , burner , etc. were all still in excellent condition.When my new grill arrived , I discovered that it was now made in China . Although that is n't automatically a bad thing , it was in this case . Here 's why :1 > Engineering changes have decreased the stability and integrity of the grill . The legs are now 2-piece rather than solid , and the location and type of some fasteners has changed . The grill was wobbly from the start , and has gotten worse . My attempts to re-tighten screws has been futile , as many of them are free-spinning , with no nuts or lock washers . You 'll notice many odd design decisions during assembly .2 > The porcelain coating on the cooking grate looks cheap , and was missing from one spot . The grate does not clean nearly as easily as the previous one did .3 > The lid was slightly dented on arrival , with paint chipped off in 3 different areas .4 > The cast iron heat distribution plate is already substantially rusted and falling apart ! My previous grill 's plate showed no structural degradation for over 3 years .5 > This grill does not get nearly as hot as my previous one . I do n't think that 's due to the lack of ceramic briquettes , as they mostly just absorbed dripping grease.I would say avoid this grill at all costs . I expect to have to replace mine within a few months , and that is ridiculous . Unfortunately , there are n't many grills with a small footprint like this , but this product has become just cheap junk .
 With his own money , my very thoughtful 11 year old son purchased this thermometer for me for Christmas . He was so excited . Proudly he helped his father mount it inside my greenhouse . The execution of the simple design of this unit should have yielded a great thermometer , unfortunately , it is so poorly manufactured . The current temperature seems accurate , but the max min function are useless . The flimsy plastic arms which should hold the max and min temperatures shift without cause . This morning I reset the thermometer and this afternoon in the greenhouse at the hottest part of the day it was 84 degrees . This evening the max temperature registered 96 .
 It keeps temperature ok but the min/max feature is useless . The needles are too loosely affixed and move with the slightest bit of a breeze or movement . If you keep it inside where there are no vibrations or dogs or children running , you may be okay .
 This is the second thermometer I have had of this model . The first one worked well and lasted for several years . This device seems to have been produced by a different manufacturer . It reads several degrees too warm as compared with other known good thermometers . The high - low indicators are loose on their pivot and swing freely and therefore are always wrong . I liked this thermometer design , but the build quality is so low that the device is unusable .
 We had a Min/Max thermometer 20 + years ago which was about 12 inches in diameter and in a metal housing . It was far sperior to this unit . While this unit measures the temperature accurately enough , the reset needle is much too sensitve when you try to reset the stops . The mounting bracket is much too dificult to set up and I bent the screws trying to get it mounted . Then when my wife was attempting to rest the dials they somehow got stuck with both indcators on the same side of the needle . The worst thing is , that due to its small size , you can not read it from more than a couple of feet away .
 I 've had one of these Min/Max thermometers for many years and it still works great . HOWEVER ... a few weeks back it was listed for $ 17 . Now , with shipping it 's almost double that ???!!! Who do you think you folks are kidding ? It 's a $ 3 piece of plastic for crying out loud . $ 25 ! you are out of your mind.I was planning to buy several more of these . For $ 25 you can stick it where the sun does n't shine . Yes , it aggravates me when someone tries to take advantage of us consumer folks . Not good .
 Simply put , this does n't work . If you put it in the sunshine , the temperatures recorded are way over any sort of reality . I got readings of 110 degrees when I know the weather in LA never went above 72 that day . So why bother to have a thermometer if it does n't tell you the truth or something reasonably close to it ?
 I bought this solely for its min/max display , and put it in the garden . The min or max -LRB- I forget which -RRB- never worked ; the pointer got hung up on something internal and could never do what it was supposed to do . The design was obviously shoddy . Putting out a product specialized to do one thing , which it fails to do , says something important to me about the manufacturer 's integrity
 I purchased this thermometer for my husband about 1 year ago . The ` high temp ' and low temp needles have never worked as they are both on the same side of the temperaturen needle . It appears that all of the needles are bent just enough that they do not work as described . The red temp needle seems to be accurate . This was high priced for what we got .
 Maximum and Minimum hands keep getting caught on each other and will not work properly . Temperature works okay , though . Really disappointed .
 There is officially no substitute for a gas grill because I owed both the gas and electric version of this one and the difference is astronomical ... The gas version is one of the best grills I have ever owned ... The electric is the worst ...
 We first got this grill 3 years ago -LRB- may 08 -RRB- . At the time the legs were stable the cooking temp could reach 500-600 without difficulty . By the next summer the legs started getting weak . The liner under the lid needed constant cleaning and most importantly the temp would barely break 450 . Then last summer came along and the grill just refused to get hot . I took apart the heating element and was aghast at what I saw . The entire encasement was one big blob of plastic . The whole thing was melted to pieces . You would think the designers would n't use plastic so close to the heat ! I will not buy a replacement part or buy a new grill until I hear that charbroil has addressed these issues .
 We had one for nine years . During that time , it went thru a hurricane & flooding thus getting buried in mud under the house . . washed off and worked fine for a few more years.Purchased new one last summer . Quality ca n't compare
 Had this grill for three years . It worked great until summer 2009 . Thermostat burned and melted where it connects to broiler element . Char-broil customer service gladly sold me a new one - total with shipping $ 60.00 . First time I plugged it in - which was 2 months after I received it - it melted and burned just like the first . Char-broil customer service wanted to sell me another since their parts only have a 30 day warranty . As a one time good deal customer service sent me a replacement with free return shipping of the newly burned out controller . This replacement of the replacement burned and melted just as the other two had done . However , now Char-broil wo n't return phone calls and ignores my emails . No response to three emails and three phone calls . Do n't buy this Char-broil electric grill . It was a good product two years ago but the 2009 and later components are defective and cheap . Find a different brand . I am going to Weber grills .
 The first char-broil patio grill I purchased worked quite well and lasted for several years . The replacement I purchased was very disappointing . In general , the quality of the second grill was not as good . But the bigger problem has been the thermostat . The first one burned out after less than 4 months and the replacement thermostate I purchased for $ 50 lasted less than 2 months . I am not investing any more money in this grill . I contacted customer service and they sent me another themostat and then it burned out too . They really need to fix this problem . They are lossing alot of business .
 I am disposing of this grill after the second extension cord/controller meltdown in two years . Enjoyed the grill while it lasted , but replacement parts are expensive and Char Broil customer service is not very helpful . Here is their latest advice , when the new extension cord melted after just two months of use
 I 've had two of these grills . The first I replaced because it was starting to rust -LRB- despite being covered -RRB- -- I had no major problems with that one , the second I 've only had for six months . The second grill has melted around the heating element , which seems to be a fire hazard . I was quite suprised.In addition , the thermostats on these grills have gotten worse than with the original model -- it seems at least 100 degrees off . The fire safety , not including the briquettes and a jacked up price should probably make one look for other options , if only there were other quality options .
 Living in a condo in Florida , I purchased a Patio Caddie two years ago because gas grills are not allowed.After 4 months the temperature controller quit working because the electical contacts became coroded . The factory sent me a new one that lasted another 4 months.I always un-plugged the controller from the wall power source and the grill as they reccommend.I contacted Char-Broil again 2 months ago and they promised another controller and heating element but it never arrived . It seemed like a good plan whereby I would return my defective parts for their analysis but someone must have nixed the idea.Char-Broil has no email address available , at least I could not find one , so it is impossible to communicate the problem without waiting forever for one of their telephone operators that obviously do not keep their promises.I must say that the little use I did get from the Patio Caddie was great but they obviously have a problem with temperature controller corrosion . I reccommend you wait until this problem is taken care of until you purchase one .
 After barely more than a year , conveniently just outside the warranty period , our patio caddie burned itself out . I added some images to the image gallery for this product that show the extent of the damage . The plastic housing melted and the negative terminal wire burned itself to the point that it cut itself apart , and the unit then stopped operating . The connector 's metal to metal contact appears very flimsy - it 's jsut a very thing piece of metal that rests against the conductors on the resistive heater - and this part of the unit almost disintegrated with the amount of current that passed through . Now we have a $ 200 3.5 foot tall paper paper weight on our balcony.I 'm not sure how this could happen , the unit is only supposed to draw as much current as it needs . I 'm sure how it could have been prevented though
 Get something else ! I bought this to replace a Patio Caddie Electric that had served faithfully for 10 years . The new one is junk . The aluminum liner for the lid does n't fit , the tabs that hold the lid centered keep coming loose so the lid gets hung up when trying to lift it , the coating is already flaking off the grill so I 'm reusing my old one , and the paint on the grill looks like it was applied with a mop . I 'm ready to strip this one for parts and rebuild my old one .
 amazon did n't publish my first review . this is a terrible grill . the grilling surface flaked metal and porcelain shavings all over our food.since we used amazon 's positive reviews to make a purchasing decision , i want to make sure this experience is recorded too.look out if you buy this grill and make sure you do n't have metal shavings in your dinner .
 This is the fourth one of these units we 've owned . The first 3 were great , but they tend to burn themselves out after about 5 years -LRB- looking back on my Amazon purchase list , almost exactly every five years -RRB- and replacement parts are more than just getting a new one , so I 'd pop back on Amazon and order again.I 'd have given any of the first 3 units five stars.But this one ... The controller never fit snugly to the heating element , and you had to constantly jiggle and bend things to get it make contact . Even then , it did n't ever heat to half the temperature it 's predecessors did . And now , after a mere four months of light use -LRB- not even once a week -RRB- , it 's burned itself out and does n't work at all.The warranty is , of course , 90 days , so I 'm just flat out of luck.A new thermostat controller is $ 50 plus $ 11 shipping . The part number I 've got has been discontinued and a new part number issued ; they do n't say why , although I obviously have my suspicions . Plus the heating element is suspect too , which would be another $ 30 and another $ 7 shipping.I paid $ 135 from Amazon 4 months ago . Amazon is n't currently offering this , and it 's $ 190 plus $ 24 shipping through Amazon third party.I think my best option is to throw this piece of junk out and forget about buying anything from Char-Broil again .
 Bought this at Home Depot , assembled , turned on , then brought it back . Took 20 minutes to get to 425 degrees - will not sear anything . I previously have owned electric charbroil patio caddies . They were originally fantastic and would get very , very hot - great for searing steaks or fish and also perfect for low , slow smoking a brisket or medium-roasting a whole chicken . Then , charbroil went for the `` gold '' and started getting the product made in China - downgrading everything - including the most important heating element . That is when the `` wheels came off the wagon '' . I would go into all the problems , but I wo n't - it was complete , pathetic junk .
 I 'm not at all satisified with this grill . While assembling it , the porcelain coating on the body cracked off in most places where a fastener contacted it . I contacted the manufacturer and they agreed to replace the lower bowl -LRB- bottom half -RRB- . They sent , instead , an aluminum liner which I did n't need . Char Broil has not replied to my four subsequent attempts to contact them.The grill will only get to 400 degrees instead of the necessary 600 that they recommend in their cooking instructions . Meat gets done , but you do n't get that charred effect . I might as well cook it in the oven . I am very disappointed.Update
 I purchased my first char-broil patio grill and was thrilled with it . No more dragging propane tanks or waiting for charcoal to be ready -LRB- PS -- I do love charcoal for it 's taste , and sometimes use it when I have time so I 'm not dissing the charcoal :-D -RRB- . I used this grill for one summer and bought my daughter one for Christmas as she liked it as well . I bought a third one for our summer cottage . About a year after getting them , two of them burned out within days of each other . The electric plug in is like the old fashioned electric frying pan plug , but unfortunately , has many plastic parts . When it burns out , it `` swells '' the plastic parts on both the plug-in and the grill unit and they no longer work . It did seem odd that two of them burned out within days of each other . If just one had burned out , I 'd have thot maybe I just got a lemon , but since two burned out in close proximity to each other , it sees as though Char-broil has a defective product , or , just a grill meant to burn out shortly after the warranty is up . Hmm-mm-mm , makes one wonder . I called Char-broil , and they were totally disinterested in helping me . I also own another char-broil product and reminded them that I have 4 of their products , but to no avail . I did not get the customer service I expected , so I will not longer purchase Char-broil products . I 'd beware of putting my hard earned cash into any Char-broil products . I think I 'll buy a Weber next time . I 've had good luck with them . If this thing had not burned out , it would have been a great grill . Alas ...
 The grill is nice and certainly serves the purpose since I can not have a gas grill on my lanai . One problem with assembly - namely the insulation basket for the top is too small to fit as it should . Other than that the grill is easy to assemble.Main gripe is grill will not get over 400 degrees F. Left it on for a long time and the hottest it will go is about 420 , which drops when food is put on . Not the best temp . for searing or real grilling.UPDATEIt gets worse - after 5 or so uses the grill now only gets to 300 F , by next week I wo n't be able to boil water . BTW , the grill sits on a 4th floor deck , West facing , in Florida , and is used in the evening when the deck is HOT and pounded by the sun - still will not heat up to over 300 now .
 I did n't mind that it was a bother to assemble and that the parts did n't quite fit properly . The fact that the lid needed to be lifted off and hand no hinges was a minor annoyance . But when the plastic parts on the dial started to melt and the grill began to malfunction , I was impelled to write this bad review . A product should be suitable for the purpose for which it was intended -- grilling food -- and it should function for a reasonable amount of time considering the cost . I have a 35 year old electric grill at our camp that cost less than $ 40 when new that is still working brilliantly . This grill failed in 75 days ! The quality of this grill is simply unacceptable . I strongly urge readers to pick a different electric grill .
 The temperature control on this grill is poorly desigmed and will overheat and melt the controller and all of the insulation off of the wiring . Check other reviews and look at the pattern . If you bought one of these more than a couple of years ago and are thinking of replacing it go to a brick and mortar store and look at the current model . It looks like the finish was applied with a slingshot . Save your money and look at other brands of electric grills . There are better ones available right here on Amazon .
 I 've grown up with charcoal , and gas grills -LRB- gas only for camping -RRB- . It serves the purpose well for apartment complexes that forbid charcoalgrills ... buttt ... the true flavors really do not come thru in the cooked foods -LRB- as well as the others -RRB- . It is wayyyyy too easy to burn your foods ... ie ... . use a timer ! Improvise a splash cover for the bottom piece that ties the tripod legstogether ... the small catch basin -LRB- directly under the cooking area -RRB- is ok -LRB- if you remember to empty it often -RRB- , but drippings from cleaning brushes , spatulas etc. hung on the handle drip onto the lower piece , creating a mess ! It does take a while to get used to cooking times ... assume it is your electric oven ... only outside , and when you lift the lid to check the food ... temps go haywire & recovery time is unreal ! Overall , I like the unit ... am just going thru the ` learning curve ' on its use ... there are hot/cold spots spelled out in the instruction manual ... arghhh ... more variables ! It is pretty sturdy , and the blue paint job is ok ... I 'd recommend it to apartment/condo dwellers that can only use electric grills !
 I used this grill three times . The third time it started on fire . Thankfully I knew to just put the cover on and shut it off and let it burn itself off or I could have burned my face off ! Part of the reason is I have a large family so the aluminum foil like pan lining the bottom of the grill had some gunk on it . I knew it had to be cleaned , but I thought I 'd get three meals out of the grill before having to dismantle it and clean it . I bucked the system and bought another gas grill instead . In my condo complex we are not supposed to have gas grills on the deck , so I 'll have to move it . Ironic because in all the YEARS of cooking on gas grills , the food has never caught fire like in the charbroil grill . I think it would be a good grill for a smaller family with someone who does n't mind taking it apart and cleaning the aluminum foil like bowl like liner on the bottom of the unit . But a few of these to keep on hand because you will need them . They are flimsy . Good luck !
 The grill does not reach the advertised temperature . It requires that you cook items substantially longer than normally required .
 I guess there is no need to chime in on this product since Char-Broil finally put it out of it 's misery , but I felt I needed to because I 've run the full gamut with the Patio Caddie . I used to praise , honor and defend this great grill for the 10 + years that I owned it . It never game me any problems , except I had to replace the heating element once , and it cooked phenomenally . I took care of it and it was working great up until a few weeks ago when the heating element went out again . The grill had seen it 's better days since I 've owned it and cooked on it for so long , so I decided to buy a new one instead of fixing up the old one . I was shocked and panicked when I found out from my Home Depot that they were discontinuing my beloved grill . I searched and searched until I found a brand new one on eBay . When it arrived I immediately put it together and fired it up ... or at least that was the plan . My 10 year old Patio Caddie , right up until the 2nd element died , would heat up to 500-600 degrees in about 10 or so minutes . This new one ... I had it plugged up for over an hour and a half and it would never go above 400 degrees . And when food was added , oh boy , what a disaster ! The temperature dropped and would never recover ! I basically baked my burgers ! I assumed I had a bad heating element , until I Googled and learned the truth . Seems people have been having lots of trouble with the good ole Patio Caddie for years . I was lucky and got one of the originals that was built great but over the years it seems that Char-Broil has been using less quality products and the last bunch that was made is absolutely horrible ! Such a shame too . Because of this , I wo n't buy anything else with Char-Broil 's name on it and my only advice to anyone who owns one of the good old ones would be enjoy and take care of it ... you wo n't find another like it !
 This grill will work only as a baker and not as a hot grill that will sear steaks . It preheats after 30 minutes to about 375 degrees and the temperature drops significantly when meat is added . This is certainly not the temperature published in the manual . It is not satisfactory for my needs .
 The Patio Caddie that we received was slightly damaged in shipping -LRB- although not badly enough to deal with the hassle of mailing back a return ... just some denting -RRB- . The bad thing about this grill is that it takes forever to heat past 400 degrees and no longer has a grate area to place little ceramic briquets , therefore , the insides will wear out in record time . This will be our last Patio Caddie .
 When new , this grill did not get hot enough to sear the juices into the meat , which is what a good grill will do . Also , there was very little smoke flavor imparted to the meat . It was like grilling in the kitchen stove.The heating element failed after one season , so I invested in a new controller . The new unit worked once , and then failed completely . I have had cheaper electric grills that worked much better and lasted much longer.I do not recommend .
 The first char-broil patio grill I purchased worked quite well and lasted for several years . The replacement I purchased was very disappointing . In general , the quality of the second grill was not as good . But the bigger problem has been the thermostat . The first one burned out after less than 1 year and the replacement thermostate I purchased for $ 50 lasted less than 2 months . I am not investing any more money in this grill . I have since purchased another brand .
 I was very excited to purchase this grill , thinking that it would be perfect for my small patio . Alas , the instructions say that you have to plug it into an OUTDOOR outlet , and it should not be plugged into an indoor circuit.How many apartment complexes bother to put outdoor plugs on their patios ? That certainly makes the grill a lot less useful .
 after using it only 5-6 times the power plug at the top of the grill melted , whole grill overheated , was a big safety issue , there was no way to unplug it due to heat and possible shock hazard , stay away from this , it can burn your house
 I 've had this grill for a little over a year . I paid $ 189 for it . It worked like a champ for ONE SUMMER , now the controller is bad . Char-Broil tells me that it 'll cost $ 90 to replace . Although I like the features of an elctric grill , fast heat and all , if you make such a CRAPPY unit that it does n't last long and you do n't stand behind it ... I say I 'll NEVER buy another Char Broil product again !
 within the first few months I had to have the porcelain grate replaced -LRB- do not use metal tools on it -RRB- and had to fight Char-broil to get it . It never got very hot so not useful in the winter . The latest is the cord melted or burned up . They want 60 bucks for a new one . Not going to happen . For the money this grill cost I expect it to last a lot longer than 2 years and actually work as advertised . I only wanted it to do simple things like hot dogs and hamburgers , oh well back to my trusty charcoal Weber kettle for those items .
 How can one write a review for something that we have not received nor do we have a new ship date . We have been waiting for this grill for almost 3 months . Plus , we can not find a way on Amazon to contact a human body to get more information on our order . PLEASE HELP111
 I researched this item on the Amazon website and finally decided to order it back in September !! I have received two emails saying the order was delayed . It is now January ' 07 ... still no CharBroil grill . I am really looking forward to using it . Hope it comes before the Super Bowl !!
 I would like to rate it -- but ca n't . I receive an update every few weeks , saying delivery is delayed again , but the Amazon site on this -LRB- above -RRB- still says it takes `` 2-3 weeks '' for delivery . We 're still interested in it , but wonder what is going on -- since Amazon 's messages do n't say ; they just say it 's delayed .
 Grill was shipped with wrong part leg part . Char Broil was notified and stated the part was shipped 8/15 . Part was not received as of 8/22 . To date I have a 2 leg grill which is NOT acceptable .
 A real piece of junk . If your a serious cook , go with charcoal or gas . Remember the phrase , if it sounds to good to be true it probably is . The grill never heats up high enough to sear meat . As soon as you take off the cover the temperature drops signifigantly and never heats back up again . On top of all it 's faults , I got less than 10 uses out of it before it konked out . Useless .
 PLEASE READ - 2 YEAR UPDATE AT BOTTOM OF THIS REVIEW . We had originally given this product a 5 * review and have re-entered it as 4 * . 3 YEAR update completes thie review . Rating has been re-entered as 2 * . ORIGINAL 5 * review : Like others , we use this on an apartment balcony that bans gas and charcoal.It heats up quickly ; cooks adequately ; cools down quickly . The electric control is easy to use and remove.Note the following :1 -RRB- We found this more difficult than necessary to assemble . The instructions are n't very good . Remember that the smallest screws are for the sides of the legs and that will help .2 -RRB- The thermometer does n't go much over 400 degrees . The company says it measures AIR temperature ; the temperature on the grill is hotter .3 -RRB- Try lining the bottom with heavy duty foil . That should make cleaning up easier .4 -RRB- The optional plastic cover gets poor reviews so we use a garbage bag and bungee cord to cover the unit which seems to do the job .5 -RRB- Spare parts are expensive -LRB- web site -RRB- so try not to break anything.Five stars because it does what it is supposed to.ONE YEAR UPDATE : We 've had this unit for about a year . Used once or twice a week except mid winter . Lives permanently on a balcony and covered with a heavy garbage bag held in place with a bungee cord . The electric controls ALWAYS come inside after use.We replaced our own foil pan lining and tightened up all the screws this spring.Users should understand this unit 's limitations . It works best as a broiler substitute for grilling meat or vegetables . We do not recommend it for making roasts , etc. . Unless dealing with a very thick piece of meat , the thermostat is always on full high.Recommendation
 As a condo owner , we have owed a number of these grills over the past 11 years . The first lasted about 3 years and worked great . The next one lasted a shorter time . The most recent purchase lasted less than one year . In each case , the problem is the same - it will not heat fully and therefore wo n't sear the meat leaving it dry and tasteless . It also takes 2-3 times as long to cook anything compared to when it was new . When we first started using these , the warranty was 1 year . It is now only 90 days - I guess to reflect the fact they know it is not built to last . Ashame because their original product was a good one . Now I guess Char-broil only cares about their bottom line .
 Less than a year after purchase , this awful product overheated and melted one of the steel prongs to ash , also melting through the plastic on the temperature control unit and essentially destroying the whole product . Could easily have caused a fire if I had n't been watching and noticed the grill was n't cooking properly -LRB- all of the power was being used to melt the steel and plastic connections ! -RRB- Buyer beware - this is a total fire hazard and piece of poorly built garbage . less than 1 star ...
 The Char-Broil Patio Caddie Electric Grill is Just Plain Awful . It is impossible to get it to heat up to a proper temperature for cooking steaks and chops . Yes . . it will slowly `` stew '' your meat and cook chicken -LRB- if you do n't mind waiting forever -RRB- , but if you want a HOT grill forget this baby . After several attempts at grilling with this monster , I finally gave up in disgust . I never used it long enough for grease , etc. to build up in the bottom of the kettle and become a fire hazard , so I ca n't comment about that . A 110 volt 15 amp electric grill just can not develop enough BTU 's to do a proper job of grilling ... -LRB- slow cooking ? ... like an oven ? ... maybe okay -RRB- . I replaced this Char-Broil Just Plain Awful Grill with a BroilMate Liquid Propane gas grill that 's made in Canada . I 'm sure it 's built to sear and grill thick steaks in subzero Canadian winters based on its BTU output -LRB- 50,000 BTU 's -RRB- . I got mine at Ace Hardware and it 's fantastic for cooking steaks PROPERLY . It 's a BTU powerhouse while the electric grill is a BTU weakling.Unless you find it IMPOSSIBLE to have a propane grill around due to local restrictions , I suggest you stay far away ... very far away , ... . from purchasing this dog .
 I have had nothing but problems with this item . It does not work as stated & the manufacturer will do nothing to help with any problems . Will not cook over 350 degrees . Dries your meat out . Defective parts . You have to assemble the item & the pieces do not fit together right . Very poor customer service . They will not answer your questions in a timely manner , so the time limit on the warrenty will expire & you can not send it back . I should have looked at the BBB before thinking of purchasing . I would NOT recommended this product to anyone . Nobody needs such a headache . Costly lesson learned on my part .
 It would be zero stars if I could rate it that way . With its single electric element it heats up fine but once you remove the lid it cools down very fast . The only cooking that can happen is with the lid on long enough to come up to temperature . It is more of an outdoor electric oven then a grill . The first half of the hamburger will brown but it is very hard to get the second half to after you open the lid and flip them . I would not recommend this as a grill .
 I am now on my 3rd Char-Broil patio caddie ! They 've each lasted 2 years and then the plastic control knob melts ! What kind of design do they have ? Then again , I guess I need to stop ordering the grill , thinking they 've improved the design . WHY would any engineer place a PLASTIC KNOB anywhere near 400-500 degree metal ???? WHY ??? I like the look of the new stainless steel version , but WILL NOT buy another until they design a control knob that wo n't melt !!! PLASTIC on HOT metal ???? C'mon Char-Broil ... get with the program and TEST your own grills!Don ' t buy if you 're expecting this grill to last more than a couple of seasons.Also , a HINGED LID would be a real bonus , too !
 This problem has been going on for years and the company is still selling them.We 've had two but wo n't buy another . Both thermostats have stop working properly.Unplug between use . Our thermostat stayed on low even when it was off . It was days until we walked by and felt it still warm .
 I have purchased 3 of these grills . The first one we had was excellent . It was heavy duty and cooked very well with no problems in the components.The second one we purchased works very well but is not as sturdy as the first one.The third one was a lemon . The exterior was not very sturdy . I 've had this grill about 2 years and have had to replace the cooking element two times . Have been very dissapointed in this last grill purchase .
 I purchased this grill because I live in an apartment and have a small patio . I live in a walk up , so I wanted to avoid lugging charcoal or propane and this seemed like a great option with great design.I was wrong . It does n't get hot enough to cook a steak - in fact , even after letting it pre-heat for 45 minutes -LRB- 30 minutes longer than suggested -RRB- , it never got above 400 degrees , despite the manual promising temperatures of up to 600 . To me , this borders on false advertising , or at the very least , misleading information . Perhaps it does get to 600 degrees if you 're cooking on the surface of the sun itself , but here on a calm 70 degree day , it does n't even come close.Not only that , but just getting the steaks internal temperature to 145 degrees took almost a half hour , essentially ruining the steak . So not only have I wasted 180 dollars on this grill , I wasted another 13 on a good cut of meat.I would stay very far away from this grill if you have a need to cook anything at a temperature higher than 350 to 400 degrees .
 We purchased the Char-Broil Caddie Electric Grill in September 2007 because we live in a condominium where gas grills are not permitted . We were initially very happy with the grill , although it never really got much above 400 degrees . This was our third Char-Broil grill , but first electric grill . After about 6 months we noticed that one of the electric prongs from the heating element -LRB- male connection -RRB- was corroded and that the female connection on the plug in temperature control unit was also corroded and the plastic around the connection was melting . Concerned that we may have a fire with continued use , we contacted Char-Broil -LRB- customer service by phone -- they do not have an email address -RRB- to see if they would replace the heating element and/or the temperature control unit . First call they told us they would replace the parts pending our providing proof that we purchased the grill in September 2007 , even though this was 3 months out of their 3 month warranty . We faxed our receipt for the purchase . Several weeks later they called and said they would not replace the parts because we had purchase the grill in January 2006 . We explained that was wrong and that our receipt clearly showed that our purchase was in September 2007 . That call ended with the Char-Broil representative saying she would clear up the misunderstanding and get back to us . We waited ... and waited ... and waited . Finally , after waiting about a month for some word from Char-Broil , we called a second time . This time we were told that we purchased the grill in January 2007 , that it was no longer under warranty , and that there was nothing they would do about it . We told them that they were mistaken on the purchase date , our receipt shows the date of purchase , that their product was defective and that we assumed they were a reputable company and would stand behind their product . We offered to send them photos of the parts . They were not interested in our offer . When we asked to talk to a supervisor we were told none were available , but one would call . Fat chance of that . We are disappointed with the product , because of its limited life , but equally disappointed with Char-Broils ' customer service . They really do n't want to be bothered and do n't care if they loose repeat customers . Good bye Char-Broil ... our paths will never cross again .
 The thermometer I received looks nothing like the picture . In fact does n't look much like a sunflower . At least its cheap .
 The image depicted in the ad is for a wood grained back board but in the Title/Descriptor the vendor states 90114 White Thermometer.The image falsley suggests that the item for sale is a wood grained item when in fact it is a much less attractive white plastic item.Let the Buyer Beware !!!
 I 'll back up the other reviewers - the actual thermometer is white plastic . Additionally , I had it mounted in my kitchen for less than six months before the outside temperature gauge broke - in December it suddenly said it was about 100 degrees outside . The inside thermometer still works , so I have n't thrown it out , but what a piece of junk !
 it was white , that was ok but when it reads 75 out side 80 in side when the thermometer is in side ?????? think it not good !!!!!!!!!! dident get no help from amazon either !!
 The thermometer I have in my house is exactly representative of what is in this photo ... the PN matches and everything ... However , what they sent looks NOTHING like what I wanted as a direct replacement . What was sent was just a white dual thermometer , one that 's sold in every store for $ 10 or less . Very dissatisfied ... requires totally different mounting screws/locations , looks not what I wanted ... totally misrepresented ! If I could put an actual picture with this file I would
 used about 3 of these over a two year period , although in partly shaded places , and never caught any YJs . The reusable rescue trap -LRB- which I guess i am having trouble finding in stores now -RRB- worked fairly well . I did use water as per instructions , however . did not try the apple juice thing.Guess people do n't find this review helpful , that is OK . There might be regional differences or other poorly understood factors . Just my experience with the product . The YJ problem is so bad around our property -LRB- especially after mild winter -RRB- got stung several times this year and personally destroyed 2 underground nests , yet they are still around . Have heard they can forage for a quarter of a mile away . We live in one of the Gulf Coast states and maybe that is a factor . Maybe our YJs are smarter than the ones in other places , who knows . I have to try this again but will use apple juice mixture this time .
 I bought this because I have a horrible yellow jacket problem around my deck . I have had it hanging not far from their nest and have yet to catch even one of them . Worthless !!
 How did this product even get 1 good review ? Terrible , sat right next to a whole swarm practically that was coming to my pool to drink water every day . After 7 days , it caught NOTHING . Took it down and tossed in the trash . DO NOT BUY THIS , you will be disappointed .
 I 've had this trap hanging off my back deck for about 4-5 days now and have not caught even one yellow jacket ! I 've watched yellow jackets fly all around my deck and never even appear interested in this thing . About 2 days after I hung it up I got excited because one actually landed on it . I thought , `` Well , maybe it just needed to be up for a couple days for them to catch the scent or something . '' After watching it crawl around the entrance to the trap for about 30 seconds it flew away !!!!!! And it 's not like you can really mess up when it comes to setting this thing up . It 's just pop the top , add water , and hang it up . Very disappointed ! I have to admit though , my title is a bit misleading . The trap did a very nice job of catching rain water .
 My yard is being overwhelmed by meat eating , territorial swarms of hornets all over the place . I purchased two of these disposable Yellow Jacket Control traps to try in help trap & get rid of the big hornet problem that I am having in my area . I placed 2 of these traps out in my property about 2 weeks ago . I went out every day since then to see if these disposable traps were doing their job & catching any of the nasty hornets that were taking over my property . After 2 weeks of being setup , only one hornet was caught & trapped in one these worthless traps.I would not recommend the -LRB- Rescue Yellow Jacket Control Trap -RRB- for trapping & getting rid of hornets because apparently the hornets are not attracted or interested in this kind of trap for some reason . The attractant included for this disposable Yellow Jacket just smells like White Vinegar if I am correct . This trap gets an -LRB- F -RRB- grade for failing !!!
 I bought this product because of the postive reviews . What a waste ! Since I have captured 0 yellow jackets I wish I could give it 0 stars . I have moved the trap several times ; in the sun , out of the sun , etc but have not caught anything . I really have to think about those other reviews , maybe some of them work for this company .
 I followed the directions to the tee . It did not mention anything about diluting with anything but water.I set the trap out in the evening
 I know the difference between yellow jackets , honey bees , bumble bees , paper wasps , and bald faced hornets . It was yellow jackets that were harassing my hummingbirds at the feeder . With the originally supplied attractant I caught no yellow jackets in this trap . With Dr. Pepper I caught one in a week . Another bait might have worked better but the Rescue reusable trap with apple juice worked somewhat so I stopped using the one-time use trap .
 Product did n't work for me . I followed the instructions , even changed locations , but no results . There `` fly '' traps work great though .
 We had used this in the past . Got them locally at a hardware store , and they were incredible . Within a day the trap had a lot of yellow jackets , and it kept trapping them for a week or so . It was so effective that we stopped seeing yellow jackets in our yard . We used them successfully for two years in a row.The next year we ordered them online , and never had good result . We had a huge nest by one of our windows . We placed one of the traps far away -LRB- about 25-30 yards -RRB- and one very close to the nest -LRB- about 2 feet away -RRB- , and the most we trapped were fruit flies.The design is great , and it is very practical to toss the whole thing , wasps and all , instead of trying to wash them -LRB- like some of the other models -RRB- , but if the attractant does n't work , wasps will never get in the trap , defeating the whole purpose.Please bring back the old attractant .
 We hung the trap 2 feet away from a large wasps nest . After 3 weeks it had caught only two . In the end , we sprayed the nest with spectracide and that fixed the problem .
 I purchased this this product because I was having problems with yellow jackets . I opened all 4 I purchased and put them i my yard . That was well over a week ago . NOT ONE JELLOW JACKET in any of the traps ! This product does not work !
 The Yellow Jacket Control Trap gave me some hope that I would be able to do at least something about the scads of yellow jackets all around the house . Well , the yellow jackets completely , and I mean completely , ignored the trap . It 's only been successful in trapping a few gnats , but that 's it . I do not recommend getting any hopes up about this trap doing anything to mitigate a yellow jacket problem . One of the most annoying features of the product is the yellow jacket graphics printed on the outside of the bag which fool you into thinking , only for a moment , that it may actually be working .
 I 've had this up for a week and it 's got one yellow jacket . I notice that some people recommend apple juice , but the instructions say to just add water.I 'm very disappointed.I added some sugar today and possibly other ingredients in the future to make this more attractive.Their fly catcher is great , but this one works poorly for St. Louis yellow jackets .
 I followed the worthless directions and let set for a week hoping it would work . No such luck . Deployed in direct sunlight . As a testament to the worthlessness of this product , I could walk up to it and shake up the solution to lure yellowjackets ... All of this within 25 feet of the nest without attracting one single yellowjacket . COMPLETE JUNK & WASTE OF MONEY . I have used the more expensive yellowjacket traps by Rescue in the past and they worked great . Stay away from this one and spend the extra money of the replaceable traps .
 I have had two of these traps up near my pool . I have a ton of yellow jackets but have n't caught a single one in the traps . Do n't be fooled by the yellow jackets printed on the outside .
 Worthless as the YJ 's just walk out . This type of device is great for flies but really smells foul . Get the type like this for flies but use Rescue traps for YJ 's . Hornets are another story and there seems to be no attractant for hornets , except people . Stick with Rescue for YJ 's .
 Their old attractant caught TONS of yellow jackets so I am experienced with this trap . The white attractant has not caught anything except a few flies and crickets . The company is great however and has agreed to work with me if I continue to be dis-satisfied . I am giving it one more try and using apple juice this time instead of water .
 I bought one of these traps at a big box store . Installed in my front yard because we have a yellowjacket wasp nest near the front of the house and I wanted to get rid of them . After following the instructions carefully , and hanging the trap about 30 feet or so away , I am sad to say that it has not trapped even one wasp -LRB- or any other insect except 5 or 6 tiny flies -RRB- . After 3 days I moved the trap to another location closer to the nest , but a week later still nothing . So , I conclude that it does n't work and ca n't recommend it . Waste of my money , I 'm afraid .
 This product does NOT work at all . It is totally useless and ineffective . A full 4 days after hanging it , I have yet to see even a single yellow jacket in the trap , despite the fact that there are worker yellow jackets constantly entering and exiting an area of my property where I suspect there to be a nest . Do NOT purchase this product , for it will be nothing more than a waste of money .
 I received the product , but it looks nothing like in the picture . Picture has it looking like hardwood imitation or hardwood . I received cheap white plastic looking thing . Nothing like image except for the shape . Thank you very much !
 Springfield Precision 90117 Thermometer/Humidity MeterThe thermometer that I received is not ` Woodstone ' as shown but cheap ` White Plastic ' ????
 So I went and set one of these things up . Within a day or two I was like `` Wow ! look at all the flies this thing is catching ! Where could they all be coming from ??? `` By three days , I literally had to throw it out because it was doing such a `` great '' job and had already become filled.So I went ahead and bought another one . Hung it up ... and three days later ... FULL again!Except this time , I figured out what wsa really going on . The flies were using it as an incubator for their maggots . When I examined the bag up close , to my utter disgust I saw hundreds of live maggots , some of which were dead in the water , but many of which were climbing up the side of the bag and OUT , only to turn into the very problem I was trying to rid myself of ... FLIES.So I threw it away , maggots and all , and went back to the product I 've been using successfully in the past
 While I feel this product does trap/kill flies , I only gave it two stars due to the smell and because it seemed to worsen my fly problem by attracting even more flies to my yard . I will not buy this product again.Grass fertilizer seemed to be attracting flies to my yard . In my yard , there would be 5 to 10 flies sitting on the grass seed area flying around . It was near my door , so some flies were getting in the house . I bought this trap and hung it away from the house on the other side of the grass seed area . I left for one day . I returned to a huge , stinky bag of flies . Yes , it smelled ... worse than I could have imagined . To me , it smelled like rotting flesh but stronger than anything I 've smelled in a long time . My entire yard smelled like death . It did trap flies , thousands of them . But there were also a lot more flies than before buzzing around my yard especially near the trap . There were so many of them that I really believe the smell was attracting flies from far away . How far , I do not know . But the smell was really strong , and it had attracted a lot of flies . I had more flies -LRB- still flying around my yard at that point -RRB- because the smell of the trap was so strong . So yes , it was trapping flies but it was attracting even more flies to my home . So I had a huge bag of smelly flies to dispose of AND I had a yard of living flies hoping to join their brothers . The bag was heavy because of the dead flies , too . I was so afraid of tipping the stinky mess as I removed the product .
 While at first it appears the trap is working the way it is supposed to , it may actually be creating more of a problem . After a week , I examined the trap to find a few flies captured . After a couple weeks it had a large number of flies inside . I noticed a number of small flies outside on the opening . Upon closer inspection I discovered fly larva inside . The trap if left up more than a couple weeks is actually breeding large numbers of flies .
 Bought this item based on the positive reviews . I bought 3 and followed the directions . Not only did this trap not catch any flies , the smell was dreadful . At first we thought we had a dead mouse in the wall . The smell is that bad . We threw them out . This trap was a waste of money and time .
 simply does n't work . no flies are attracted to it . And even if they were , the holes are too small for the flies to enter the trap !!
 I received a defective product . The plastic bag was leaking at the bottom . Tried to scotch tape it , but still leaking .
 i wasnt aware that it stinks bad.use it only outdoor . it smells like rotten fish.had to throw it away cuz i wanted to use something inside the house .
 I put one in the garage and another by the trash cans . Over 1 weeks they both collected about 20 flies each , but the smell was so bad I had to remove them from any where around the house , I now have them in the back of the yard where they continue to work , but the flys are still getting in the house ... too bad !
 Make sure you keep this away from a house . It stank up my yard pretty badly , and I ended up throwing this thing away after a couple of days .
 I was kind of at my wits end with our fly situation . we had some kind of biting flies , they 'd land on my dog 's ears and bite on her until she bled . Once they got a hold they would n't let up . She seemed pretty miserable about it , and exhausted from flipping her head around trying to get the flies away . We ended up spraying our hands with OFF repellent and petting her head , but the flies still harassed her . I got two of these to try and abate the situation . NOT A SINGLE FLY went in the traps . I know they worked for some people , but in the event that someone else in this area has these same biting flies -LRB- in Mar Vista , mostly through June and July -RRB- these traps did n't work with them . We got some of those sticky coiled paper rolls , and that caught a few , but still had to keep applying OFF to the dog .
 This thing kills flies like nobody 's business . I was very excited about it for the first day.We kept swapping it out for a new one , & it kept filling up ... but we noticed that the moment we put one up , there were WAY more flies.I think it must be the potent smell , but it attracts all the neighboring fliesWe wanted it for our back porch near the trash cans . I would frequently go out there and swat flies , and would count how many I swatted . When there were a lot of flies , I 'd swat 40 or 50 in a single setting.Once we hung this up , I would go out there and swat 200 - 500 flies in a single setting.So it does kill flies , but it is n't worth it because it attracts thousands more than you already have .
 I am guessing the ` attractant ' used in these traps is derived from poop.WORD TO THE SQUEAMISH - this bag will be FULL OF FLIES , and the whole thing will be pulsing from the dying wing-beats of the hundreds -LRB- thousands ? -RRB- of flies inside the bag . It is NOT for the faint of heart.YUCK . It 's giving me the shivers just to look at the picture.Flies are gross , a clear bag full of horse poop smell and dying/dead flies is worse!Find a different solution .
 This trap kinda worked . But it smells really really bad . Not like a chemical smell . Like rotting old fish guts . Compound that with a stagnant hot summer day and it 's terrible . I can smell this thing from the other end of my house and was embarrassed to use it because I know my neighbors must be able to smell it . I would not say the smells out weighed the benefit of this trap which did n't get anywhere near what customers posted for their catches .
 After looking at the other reviews I decided to give this a try . The reviews I saw made it look promising . However , no such luck . This thing did n't `` trap '' a single fly . I even put it right next to our outside garbage pail which is always loaded with fly activity . They were flying all over/on the garbage , but not a single one paid any attention to this `` trap '' . Total waste !
 I hoped this product would solve my fly problem in the backyard . I have two large dogs that are constantly bothered by the flys . I put up a Rescue fly trap and a `` old fashioned '' sticky fly paper . After about one week , I have a large number of flies stuck on the paper and only a couple trapped in the Rescue fly trap . I say save your money and buy the sticky fly paper .
 Are there a lot of flies near this ? Yes.Have practically any flies been caught by this stupifyingly piece of useless rubbish ? No.Review complete .
 This product does not work at all . I do n't have a lack of flies , so that 's not the problem . The problem with mine was that there was no odor omitted from the bag , hence no flies were attracted . I cut the bag open , put in a fish head and that did the trick . Filled the bag up . However , one obviously should not have to go to this sort of trouble .
 terrible odor . you need to put it so far away that it attracts flys from where you are not at .
 We had a cook out in our back yard and we hung this up on the deck about 5 feet away from the table and not one fly went for this thing as they were all in our food !! As soon as we cleared the food from the table , then they went for this trap so this did not work for the intentions that I bought it for , which was so the flies to stay away from our food !
 This item may work , I do not really know . The smell was so awful that we could not keep it on the porch . It made our whole yard smell like dead rotten fish . Buyer beware .
 I bought three of these hoping that they would quell my fly problem . We have a ton of flies on our back & side patio area so I hung two of them and followed the instructions on the bag very carefully . They 've been out there two days and do not have one fly in them . There are hundreds of flies still swarming around the fly trap but none of them are going in . This product does not work . I am going to home depot to get a refund !
 I bought this to combat a small house fly problem in my backyard . At first , I was amazed at how many flies it caught and I thought this was a great product . However , after two weeks of using it , my small fly problem became a BIG fly problem . It seemed like every fly in the neighborhood -LRB- including giant flies that I 've never seen in my backyard before -RRB- came to the fly party in my backyard . After I tossed out the bag , just about all of the flies which were not trapped in the bag went away . I 've learned my lesson . I wo n't use this product or any other product that attracts flies again .
 The trap is fine but for the love of all that is holy , do not use it in your house . The odor is just awful . It does n't smell bad at first , but after a while , you just can not get the smell out of your nose.I accidentally spilled this in my house and it has been stinking for weeks now.The instructions clearly state that this is to be used outdoors , but I ca n't figure out why you would want to trap flies outside .
 I see how it is supposed to work but I did not get flies and even worse it has a really bad smell . I didnt end up using it but its a clever idea
 It may do what it needs to do , but , it stinks so bad while doing it . I can not tell you just how awful . We have a large patio and we were seriously thinking something had DIED on our porch . Which , I guess something did -- but it was beyond belief . We had it hung for no more than 2 days before we removed it due to the rank nature of it . While it may do what it needs to do does not matter when it stinks so bad we had to remove it.I got input from a neighbor who had the same experience.Guess we will try something else ... or just use a fly swatter .
 I did n't see anywhere in the description that this fly trap is intended for outdoor use . So I was confused when 4 days after hanging it my whole house smelled like a garbage dump.Make sure you hang this fly trap outside - unfortunately , that is not where I had a fly problem .
 I do n't know if this thing works but it smells so horrible that I could NOT use it inside the house . Upon reading the info for this , it says nowhere that it 's an outside use only device . DO NOT BUY if you need to use it inside ! Waste of $ $
 I would n't waste your time or you money on this . There are some home made fly catchers that work much better and a lot less expensive . I just did n't find this to be nearly the solution I was hoping for .
 I was disappoint to read that this product is designed for use outside or in well ventilated area . I have an indoor fly infestation and would hesitate using it indoors because of the foul smell . It was not clearly spelled out in the advertising or I would never have bought this product .
 I normally use trap n toss traps but decided to try and spend less money last summer , bad mistake.Thses traps came together fine , but I put 2 out . One on the horse corral and one by the manure dumpster . Only the one by the horse caught anything and i think it might have been because after a few flies died the smell attracted more . The one by the dumpster may have had 1 floating in it when I finally tossed it.Oh well , I ordered a ton so I 'll put them out again this summer but im not expecting much .
 I purchased this because the picture made it look a bit classier than some of the other thermometers online , housed in what appeared to be a wood frame . It 's actually a very cheap and flimsy looking plastic frame . The thermometer itself never seems to change temperature . It 's consistently at about 68 degrees , no matter how warm or cool the room gets . Do n't waste your $ 5 on this product .
 Yellow jackets were swarming my hummingbird feeders . Hung a trap with attractant right next to the feed . While dozens were flying around and on the hummingbird feeder , only 2 flew into the trap . They seem more attracted to the sugar , than what was in the attractant . Caught more jackets , when I put a spoon of jam in the trap .
 I put this out by my hummingbird feeder hoping to redirect their activity but actually only caught one yellow jacket .
 i bought this for my home . First of all it STINKs really bad . i dont even know how to describe it without making people upset . out of the entire time ive had it which is almost a month . it has only caught one fly and ive seen several go in and go out . maybe my flys just are n't big enough ... well anyways.i thought that since its reusable that it would save me money in the long run . . now i feel like i should have bought the other plastic bag like fly trap that does the same thing.im going to keep it maybe ill come across some huge flys that cant get out of this thing . . at least they stay by that and not in other places where i didnt want them.bottom line . buy the disposable one . it works better .
 I bought this and a refill pack to take care of an ongoing fly problem at work -LRB- indoors -RRB- . What you should know is this
 I have first used the disposable one of the same brand , which worked great and i guess i got cheap and want something reusable and i got this ... which ... doesnt work at all ? flies are n't even attracted by it at all , some flew over it , but never got into it . And the worst thing , i got the replacement thing for it as well , wasted a few more of my bucks.In conclusion
 The aroma was so bad that we could n't have it anywhere near the house , which is where the flies like to hang out . Put it out in the garden and the flies could care less .
 I have had this product sitting on my patio table for two days now and it hase n't trapped a single fly . It does seem to attract them though . I have seen two or three flys walking on the lid while two or three of them are landing on me . They walk in the holes on top and walk right out . I am very disappointed in this product and would not recommend it . I will try to return it to Home Depot where I bought it and look for something else .
 I hung this from a tree outside near my chicken coop and it caught a great many flies . After a month it was looking pretty full and it stunk to heck and back . So , time to empty it . -LRB- I 'm retching just thinking about the words to write here -RRB- I unscrewed the base and left the lid attached to the wire I had hung it on - expecting to take it over to my compost pile and empty it . I could n't walk more than two steps with it without having to dump it right away and get as far away from that horrifying scene as soon as possible , in an effort to preserve my sanity . Vile . So very very unimaginable . It was crawling with tiny maggots and the quantity of dead flies in the liquid had become the most repulsive substance ever imaginable . I have a black mark on my soul from having lived through this experience . Please , do n't even consider using this .
 I hung this next to the disposable version of the same brand . The disposable trap was filled after a month , and I only got 3 flis in the reusable one .
 This product smells like a dead carcass . It LITERALLY MADE ME THROW UP when I put mixed the solution in the trap . The description is deceptive . There is no way this could EVER be used inside , let alone outside .
 First , I have no issues with the smell because I honestly ca n't smell it unless my nose is right up on it.Secondly , this product does not work well . I do n't know if it 's the design or what , but after a day , it caught exactly 1 fly . It 's been a week and there 's only about 10 . My first fly trap was Rescue 's disposable fly trap and it worked fantastic . After a month or so , it was full of those pesky disease carrying flies , not to mention all their children , the maggots . There must 've been thousands of them when it finally got full and had to go in the trash . I loved it.I went with this reusuable model because I was basically lazy . Since Amazon does n't carry the disposable one , I bought this because I 'd get it faster with Amazon Prime . I wish they would carry the disposable model because it works far better than this one.Another gripe I have is that after I unscrewed the bottle to check how many flies it caught , I screwed it back on , only to have it FALL off and spill the flies and bait on the ground . I thought I had screwed the top on tightly but it 's so poorly designed that it does not fix tightly . So basically the thing is useless now without the bait water.Doesn ' t matter anyways , because the flies would fly past it and enter my home instead . Since I got this because the front door has to remain open , the home was crawling with 100s of flies . I ended up having to swat them myself and woke up the next day with a sore arm.So as you can tell I do not recommend this product at all . Buy the disposable one and you 'll be much much happier and have less flies to swat .
 Bought this and `` Sterling NFT-D Disposable Fly Control TrapWith Attractant `` After a week this Jar had about 50 flies in it.The other , had hundreds.Only downside to the bag working so great is its pretty much already full after 2 weeks and I need a new one.Might just dish out the money for a bug zapper .
 The thing stunk so bad after putting the water in it , my wife made me throw it away . There was no where in the yard it could have gone without us smelling it .
 This was listed as working for fruit flies in addition to regular flies . After a week in my apartment I noticed no difference in the number of fruit flies -LRB- and none were visible inside it -RRB- so I am going to declare it not to work for fruit flies at all . It may work for normal , big flies , but not for fruit flies.The bigger issue is that it smells INSANELY bad . Like , it 's hard to believe how bad it smells . It nearly triggered my gag reflex both filling it and emptying it . During normal , sitting still usage , it still smells awful . You 'd come in the apartment and smell it immediately , even after a few days of it sitting still.Definitely avoid this for indoor use , and do n't get you hopes up about it catching fruit flies .
 We leave a bowl of food out for our outdoor cats , and it attracts a LOT of flies ... this fly trap has helped somewhat , but the results are minimal . The odor from the trap is absolutely horrific and unbearable . If you do n't have a bowl of pet food sitting outside , perhaps this trap will work for you -LRB- and definitely place it where you wo n't smell it ! -RRB- .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.I was absolutely in love with this product when I purchased it . It did what it said it would and actually exceeded my expectations . The problem was with what to do AFTER the trap was full.Cleaning the trap was likely one of the most disgusting things I 've ever had to do in my life . It was full of dead flies -LRB- obviously -RRB- , but also maggots . The smell was something out of a Steve King novel . I used 5 -LRB- read
 This product stinks like something dead and rotting . It stinks as far as function , also . After a full week in use , there are no flies in it at all . If you try to use this indoors -LRB- although it clearly states on the package that it is for outdoor use -RRB- It will make the whole room stink too .
 Green top does not hold the weight of the water well.Hung mine and yes the lid was on tight.Next thing it fell from green top and was all on the floor.Green plastic top does not hold weight of water at all .
 The bait did not seem to do the job . The jar seems to be adequate but I have used other fly traps that did much better at attracting flies . I intend to find a different bait and still use this container
 Sure , there are plenty of dead and dying flies in there , so in that regard it works . But it also attracts more flies than it captures . Pretty sure it 's luring all the flies in our neighborhood to our yard . The point was to be able to sit outside without having flies land on us and our food . We put the bag just far enough away from our patio that we could n't smell it , but its not that easy for a fly to figure out how to get inside it , so they swarm around it and then come find easier food sources like our meal . The fly problem is just as bad if not worse with the trap . Wo n't be buying again .
 I got this to reduce the number of flies on the patio when we eat dinner outside.Bottom line , it does not work ... flies were flying around all over , and not one went in the trap.I put it near the garbage cans for 2 days , and I caught 1 fly .
 I was so hoping this product would work but it does n't ! Save your money and buy a swatter for a buck !
 This product does a great job attracting flies , as for trapping them ... the entry holes are large and the system works on the premise that the flies will enter and then tire and die in the solution contained . The bait smells in the vicinity of rotting fish . Working on this premise I took a small sliver of fish mixed with a few drops of apple cider vinegar and derived a more effective trap from an empty bottle and funneled piece of paper .
 Caught one fly and man the attractant really stinks . I 'm surprised that more flies did not go to it based on how bad it stinks .
 I have used the rescue brad fly traps and they work well . Because of this I tryed the reuseable trap . I place this trap in the same place I have used the other traps and I had far , far , far less flys in the trap at the end of the week . I went back to the old style and started to catch alot of flys again . In short dont use the reuseable traps if you want to catch alot of flys .
 I had high expectations for this product . I used the RESCUE ! FTD-DT12 Disposable Fly Trap in the past and was very happy . I thought I would save money with a reusable trap but I was surprised . Flys are atracted and enter this trap only to be able to leave right away . I strongly recomend the ftd-dt12 disposable one .
 The bottle states clearly that it 's for outdoor use only and it truly stinks . I got it for fruit flies I had in my apartment and not only did it quickly stink up my whole apartment but I could n't get the smell off my hands even just after numerous washings JUST FROM OPENING THE AMAZON BOX!I threw it away because I felt like I was doing myself and my dog harm by breathing it in .
 I have been using these traps for many years , and have had great success capturing the Queens early on in the season . This year , the old liquid packets were not in any store in my area , nor on Amazon . I ordered 3 of the new units , and installed them in my traps . I have not captured the first bee , and now have several nests in my yard and lawn . IF found , I will purchase the old liquid form for the cotton balls , and use in the future . It was the only trap I have had work for me . My exterminator enjoys his $ 50 visits ! I 'll have several before this season is over .
 I have not trapped any yellow jackets in my trap . This review might be unfair as it might have been a different type of stinging insect in my yard .
 This item was not effective even following the directions . We had no results . Tried other products that did work , easier to use and less expensive .
 I bought both the cartridge and the trap and did not catch one wasp this year . I followed the directions to the letter and the trap has hung all spring and summer ... nada ! Darn it ! I was hoping to find something that works ! Very disappointing !
 I bought this lure and rebaited my Yellow Jacket Trap from last summer . We had a hot dry summer in Atlanta last year and were simply swarmed with the mean beasties . I figured that putting out the lure would snag the queens out flying around and prevent nests in my yard this year . The trap -LRB- rebaited -RRB- has been out for 3 weeks and has n't attracted a single queen ... or even a wasp for that matter . I got tons of yellow-jackets with hotdog pieces last summer and I can guarantee that hot dog pieces were a LOT cheaper than this lure . I will leave it out with this bait -LRB- said to be good for 10 weeks -RRB- and then go back to my tried and true hot dog bits . At this point , it looks like I wasted my money . I will update this at the end of the 10 weeks and see if things improve .
 Do n't get fleeced by their shipping charges -LRB- $ 45 shipping on a $ 50 order -RRB- ! Buy from `` Attic Truck '' instead . Product works great !
 I have used the attractant that gets applied to cotton balls -LRB- the one that lasts either 2 weeks or 4 weeks -RRB- for many years and it always worked well . It was just a PITA to have to replace it every 2-4 weeks so I was happy to see they had a cartridge that would last up to 10 weeks . Well , this year I put out the trap in early April because of the warm winter along with a new 10 week cartridge . Not a single Yellow Jack was caught in 10 weeks . I returned it to Amazon and they sent me a replacement . Put this one out in late June and again not a single Yellow Jack caught . Called the manufacturer and they told me the attractant is the same it 's just that the 10 week cartridge is bigger and contains more attractant than the cotton ball replacement . They also advised me that the attractant DOES NOT expire so one manufactured 5 years ago should work as well as one manufactured this year . While that might be their response , the Yellow Jacks do n't agree . I returned the second cartridge back to Amazon and got a refund . I then went to my local store and got the 4 week attractant . I squirted it on a cotton ball and hung the trap . The next morning there were 5 Yellow Jacks caught . Bottom line is ... If it worked , having a cartridge that lasts 10 weeks would be great . But if it 's not gon na attract a single Yellow Jack then I may as well not bother at all . There must be some difference the manufacturer is either unaware of or unable to detect cuz the Yellow Jacks certainly seem to be able to tell there 's a difference . Until I start reading posts that show this thing is reliable I 'll go back to the 4 week packages .
 Not a single insect in my trap ! The liquid I used before -LRB- the one you need to put on the cotton ball and insert in the trap -RRB- did work . Complete waste of money :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 Had purchased the trap in 2010 at hardware store . Looking for the refill cartridge , found it with good price on Amazon and purchased last year . Noticed that this product emits a strong odor , so felt that it was fresh enough . BUT did n't attract any yellow jackets . Reread the hints on the insert paper from the original trap and decided to try a half slice of deli ham . The ham immediately attracted and the yellow jackets were trapped . Tried again this year with the same results .
 Did not attract yellow jackets . Simply did n't work . None in trap after 4 weeks despite many flying around my yard .
 The attractant was dry when I received it . I placed it into the trap anyways and it has not caught a single yellow jacket in over a month . I would suggest going to a local store and buying instead of ordering from the merchants online .
 Ive used this refill product before with great results when purchased at a store . When ordering from amazon I received an expired product that was too dry to attract my targets .
 I wish I could get a refund . We put these near the nests and caught NOTHING ! Re-read the instructions several times to ensure we had done it correctly . Extremely disappointing . This product is worthless . Meanwhile , I 'm out $ 20 and I still have yellow jackets swarming my house and building nests everywhere . Save your money !
 I was up for 14 days and trapped 1 yellowjacket despite there being quite a few around bothering the hummingbirds . The original liquid attractant that came with the original trap caught about 20 over the course of 4 days .
 Got yellow jackets flying all over the place but not one has the least bit of interest for this trap ... waste of time and money .
 I bought this to help with wasps near my hummingbird feeders . I have yet to catch any using the bait which I also purchased . It might work well with a different type of wasp . We have yellow jackets and large red wasps .
 I AM REALLY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS THERMOMETER . i WANTED SOMETHING LARGE TO PUTON MY PATIO THAT I COULD READ FROM MY KITCHEN WINDOW . THE NUMBERS ARE LARGEENOUGH TO SEE AND THE TEMP IS ACURATE , HOWEVER , THE RED FLUID IN THE CENTER TUBEIS OFF CENTER . YOU HAVE TO TURN THE WHOLE THERMOMETER SIDEWAYS TO VIEW THETEMP . ITEM WAS VERY INEXPENSIVE SO I GOT WHAT I PAID FOR . WOULD NOT RECOMMENDTO ANYONE.COMPLETE DISCRIPTION
 The Rescue Fly trap is good and we 've used them for years , but when we came to Amazon to buy refills of the attractant , we found out the hardway Rescue has `` replaced '' this item -LRB- shown as a 3 pack -RRB- with a new single pack version . This is a out and out scam . The original 3 pack listed sold here for $ 3.99 to $ 4.88 . But now the same single pack sells for the same $ 3.99 to $ 4.88 price . The part numbers are different , FTA-DB18 for the single pack and FTA-DT18 for the 3 pack . This ad shows and references the triple pack , DT18 , but you will only get the single pack DB18 . Since we can buy the single pak for $ 2.49 at home depot , it 's a waste of money to pay $ 4-5 for this one .
 This used to be the price for a 3 pack . Now it is the price for ONE . Seems like an error on someones part as you can buy the whole trap , attractant included , for less than one pack of this . Does work well .
 Rescue 's product works very well . Its only drawback is that as others have noted , the product stinks -LRB- that 's why it works so well -RRB- . Probably for that reason , they changed to a foil packaging and in doing so , switched from three per package to one per package . While they changed their pricing , some distributors , like Ace Hardware are behind in changing their pricing . I ordered a season 's supply of this three-pack , but they replaced it with the one refill per package . The effect was that they charged me over $ 5 each . I could have gone to Lowe 's and bought a Rescue disposable fly trap with the attractant for $ 5 . Do n't order this until they show that they are only shipping the foil pack of one each and change their pricing . Otherwise , you too will fall prey to their bait and switch .
 Used to be , you order the refill , you got three of them . I only got one refill at a price that I could have purchased a brand new trap for !! What a rip-off . The product itself works great , and for the savings of refills , it 's worth the stink . IF there are 3 in a pack . At this cost for ONE , you might as well get the disposable traps instead and save yourself some time & money - not to mention not having to put up with the odor !!! I feel cheated and lied to .
 We have a fly problem that appears to be bigger than this product can handle . Outside our side door we have a swarm a flies that I bought this product for . At first it seemed to be working however after a few weeks a strong smell started . I had to move it to another location & what I thought was a better location appeared to be worse . Great for catching a few flies but not several .
 Amazon gave refund so I am good with them but item received was not as described or shown in picture .
 I bought this one from wal mart , either it was defective OR they are made cheaply . . it fell apart within a few days of buying it . -LRB- and it was inside my kitchen window , upon closer inspection i saw that it was hot glued on the plastic . My bet is on cheaply made . -RRB- The suction cup did n't work well either on the kitchen window . No fixing this as it smashed when it fell off and hit the floor , and since the price was so cheap . . no sense in returning it either.I 'd buy one a little better made , i 'm looking into it . .
 I bought both the cartridge and the trap and did not catch one wasp this year . I followed the directions to the letter and the trap has hung all spring and summer ... nada ! Darn it ! I was hoping to find something that works ! Very disappointing !
 This trap has been in my backyard for three weeks without catching a single wasp . I followed instructions provided with the trap and the wasps do n't even fly near it . Do n't waste your money .
 We have had a yellow jacket problem for several years , so I made sure I used the traps -- I bought 3 -- properly . I set the traps out the first week in March and waited . We did n't get anything . When the attractant was no longer working , we tried more attractant . Still nothing . Then we tried hummingbird nectar , which attracted a few ants . We 're still trying the hummingbird nectar , changing it every week , without success . These traps are both expensive and worthless . Save your money . There must be a good trap out there , but this is n't it .
 I bought 4 of these traps for our farm market . We were having a terrible time with the bees . We received them right away and put them up immediately . That same day my father-in-law picked up some of the cheap traps that fit into a soda bottle and we set them up too . Wow , the soda bottles had at least 50 bees in them by the end of the day . The lousy Rescue traps had zero !!! Get the cheap ones - save yourself a ton of money - use cola - hopefully it will work as good for you as it did for us . Our customers at the farm market could not believe how those soda bottles were working !!!!
 I agree with Working Mom mom , this trap only caught so many wasp ! Now they 're completely ignoring it ! Meanwhile , they 're worse than ever ! I had to buy a couple of flying insect strips which seems to be working better ! I do n'tthink I will be ordering this item again !
 One in the back works . The one in the front of the house does n't . Annoying is the fact that these things do n't come with a short spring to hang them with . If you do n't have any string around the house , well ...
 I am floored by the good reviews of this product . I want to start by saying that our deck is completely swarming with yellow jackets -LRB- and they are definitely yellow jackets -RRB- and this trap did not catch ONE single wasp . I mean , not even one !!! They swarm around it so they should definitely be smelling the attractant ... guess it does n't smell as good as our wood deck . You might get it to work if you put other kinds of food in it , it sounds like a lot of people who are writing positive reviews said they altered the trap in some way . I do n't believe a product deserves a good review if it does n't work just the way it is sold ! I could n't help but laugh when i just read the instructions again and noticed it said `` make sure you put the trap up at night because the attractant is so strong it could be dangerous to hang when wasps are active '' LOL . Good luck with this one .
 I have three in ground yellow jacket nests . Day 1 I put this in a tree 30 ' from the hives and caught 11 yellow jackets . Since I was counting 40 yellow jackets a minute entering and leaving just one hive , I felt that I should have caught more than 11 in the first day . So I moved it to a tree directly over one of the hives . I let it sit for another day and caught 6 yellow jackets . Ehat a disappointment ! This trap does not work and is not worth the money . Buy a different product .
 I have had more yellow jackets in my yard this year than I ever remember . I bought two of these traps , set the attractant and hung them where they would not miss them . After a couple of weeks , the only thing I 've caught are some tiny gnat like flies . Seems like a total waste of time and money .
 I purchased 3 traps and this was one of the three . Out of the three different traps this has caught one and I say one yellowjack in a week . The others have had to be emptied at least once ... you do the math .
 I purchased 3 of these traps a week ago and have yet to catch a single hornet , yellowjacket , or wasp . I live in the farm country of north east PA and it seems that these hornets , wasps and yellowjackets make nests everyplace there is an overhang . We have a hard time just sitting around the pool and our patio . I followed the instructions and placed them around according to directions . Also , as recommended in the instructions I baited 1 with just the attractant , 1 with attractant and turkey and 1 with attractant and hummingbird liquid . I still have not caught any , I did catch an ant , and we are still being harrased at pool side . Do n't waste your money , I guess spraying is the only way to control them .
 Our yard was infested with Yellow jackets . After installing 6 of these with the better separately sold attractant we watched yellow-jackets fly around these traps for days without having any more then 3 or 4 actually enter the trap . After the full 3 month term of the attractant we used the trap maybe captured 30 to 40 bees out of what we perceived as hundreds flying around .
 a flyswatter and bug spray ! I also purchased and correctly applied the `` attractant '' as well as adding a small ammount of raw beef , replacing it every 2 weeks . As of today , I only caught 2 last year and none this year . They seem to just fly around it and then fly away .
 We had hundreds of wasps in our tree so I ordered one of these , followed the instructions and waited for the massacre . NOT ONE DEAD WASP after 3 weeks of use . I changed bait for 3 more weeks , nothing . I changed bait again and still nothing after another month . I half expected the wasps to build a nest around it . Bah , annoying .
 It 's clear to me after reading these reviews that the pheromone must be very selective for certain breeds of yellowjackets . It would be very useful if the reviewers would put the general location where they used the trap - so others would know if it worked on the yellowjackets prevalent in that area.I did not have any success with this trap in northern Maryland . Literally zero yellowjackets caught in 2 weeks .
 Have had probably around 200 bees flying in my garden by the side of my pool since my neighbor had his bee 's nest `` exterminated '' . He had it done during daylight hours while the bees were out of the nest ergo I now have bees . I wo n't say the trap has been completely empty , ONE bee met it 's fate , saw another one inside but it escaped -LRB- contrary to the product saying they can not -RRB- . I also purchased Rescue YJTC-DB9 Yellow Jacket 10 Week Attractant Cartridge from Amazon , thinking this was maybe a stronger attractant , but no . Now the bees are disappearing due to the colder weather in the Northeast , going into hibernation to return in the Spring . These 2 products were a total waste of money .
 Product did n't work for me . We have an inexhaustible supply of yellow jackets this year . Not one has entered the trap . I 've also tried ham rolls and raw meat in the trap . Neither attracted a wasp to the trap . Buy wasp spray ! ... I 've killed over 50 with the spray .
 The ` lasts for weeks ' attractant lasted -LRB- Drum roll , please -RRB- LESS THAN 24 HOURS !! When it worked , it worked great . But , right now I think I have paid about $ 1.00 per wasp . Not what I had in mind . The design is good . You can see if the wasps are dead before you take it apart . I did not trap anything other than yellow jackets . The plastic is fairly rigid . That it does n't come with a hanger of some sort is a downer . And , because of the design it must hang -- you ca n't set it on something . If , and that is a BIG `` if '' , I get some more attractant I am just going to put a drop on the cotton at a time instead of using the whole tube . Hopefully that will work better.Over all -- two stars .
 I live in a town -LRB- Corpus Christi , Texas -RRB- that holds the dubious honor of ranking tops in the United States in per-capita sales of aerosol pesticides . If it flies , bites , scoots , crawls , buzzes , bores , gnaws , sucks , or chews it 's here . In abundance.Add close proximity to fresh water and you have our place on Lake Corpus Christi . I 'd heard about these yellowjacket traps , and this one seemed reasonably well reviewed - so I 've given it a shot . It 's hung out in the carport at our lake place - at various spots in the carport , actually - through fall , winter , and spring , now - and been re-baited several times - and it 's yet to attract a single yellowjacket . Not a one . I laugh nearly hysterically when reading the cautions on the bait package that advise the handler , among other things , to not allow the attractant to touch bare skin -LRB- like the little suckers are going to attack you or something -RRB- . In the meantime I go through can after can of wasp and yellowjacket spray , knocking down at least a couple new yellowjacket nests every time we visit the place - one of them , the other day , within a foot of this trap.Save your money ; look elsewhere .
 Does n't work . The attractant is old and useless.I bought the exact same trap from a local store and that one catches yellow jackets just fine .
 The `` Phermone '' did not catch wasps , only these TINY flies . I am adding the meat and barbque method . So far none caught .
 As the title implies , this trap did not work for me at all . I followed the instructions and tried different bate mixes . Wasps were literally swarming in the area for days and not one wasp found its way into the trap , I even put some sugar water on the outside.I would not recommend this trap .
 I read plenty of good reviews and bought this thing . Its been absolutely useless for me . Think twice before buying .
 my green house has predominantly yellow jackets activity . i thought this trap would be a sure killer . nope , i started with half the tube at first , nothing , then i poured the rest in the cotton and left it over the weekend inside , pretty much under their noses . Not a single bee in this trap at all . Washed it and recycled it . Waste of money !
 Location seems to be critical for this trap to work . I 've had it mounted in the same location outdoors hanging under a hickory tree for a month . So far have only caught 2 Yellowjackets . I guess it would be more effective if place by a nest , around trash cans , under a fruit tree , etc. wherever Yellowjackets would congregate ?
 It seems others have had good experiences with this product but it did not work for me . It only caught a few yellow jackets .
 Well , I set it up according to instructions . After 10 days -LRB- just one trapped wasp -RRB- , I switched to Rescue 's 10 week bait . After those ten weeks , the trap succeeded in catching a grand total of 9 more wasps.During the same time period , I sprayed and killed literally hundreds of wasps on my front porch using Ortho 's Home Defense Max -LRB- Scotts 0195410 Ortho Ready to Use Home Defense Max Insect Killer , 1.1-Gallon -RRB- with the included manual sprayer . I do n't smoke in my house , instead coming out on to my porch . I keep the Ortho handy because there are lots of wasps around here . Each day I spray and kill at least four or five , sometimes more . So , 10 weeks plus 10 days equals 80 days . 80 days times 4 wasps per day gives Ortho a minimum score of 320 . One container of Ortho costs less than the Rescue trap and bait refill . I 've used less than 1/2 of a container.In addition , spraying Ortho on the bottom of the eaves and porch roofs keeps the wasps from placing nests there . -LRB- If you do this , wear eye protection and be conscious of the wind direction . -RRB- Guess which item I am not going to bother with anymore ...
 Not a single wasp or yellowjacket caught . And there were three nests within a few feet of this thing . I give it two stars because it is sturdy . But I hope you have different species than I have because the species around here did n't fall for this thing .
 This would have been a zero star review if I could have done that . Yellowjackets would fly around it but would not enter . After three weeks I tried to return and Amazon did n't even want the POS returned , just gave me a credit . I guess not having to return it is worth one star .
 Was hoping to get rid of yellowjackets in my mostly grass back yard in Huntington Beach , CA . Followed the instruction and installed this product as directed . After 2 weeks -LRB- the amount of time the instructions said the `` bait '' would last -RRB- not one yellowjacket was caught . They would fly all around the the area and near the trap but none were attracted enough to go inside . Total waste of money . One star is too high .
 I bought this to help with wasps near my hummingbird feeders . I have yet to catch any using the bait which I also purchased . It might work well with a different type of wasp . We have yellow jackets and large red wasps .
 This product did not work for me . I put it out there for 3 weeks and only caught a couple of flies . Pretty much a waste of money .
 Does n't work - during our entire yellow jacket season , not 1 bug went into the trap . Completely useless for us . Would not buy again .
 I 've tried these 6 times ... each time I caught 1 yellow jacket bee out of dozens I see flying around and living in my railings . I followed the instructions to the letter , but for one bee per trap , it is not worth the money and I am done trying . Other than spraying them , I have n't found a good way to rid ourselves of bees .
 The product arrived quickly and in good condition . I have had it outside for about 3 weeks now and have not caught squat . The yellow jackets are still flying around , apparently unimpressed .
 Apparently there are two different kinds of yellow jackets ... the kind with short legs and the kind with long legs . They dont do enoungh to tell you that this trap wont catch the long legged type til you have already purchased the trap and find all your yellow jackets ignoring the trap . Actually the decription says it catches multiple species , but if you go back and look at the pictures , one of the pics shows a warning that is missing from the description.Ive had it in the yard surrounded by yellow jackets for couple weeks now and Ive caught exactly zero .
 My fault . I did n't read the small print . The attractant wo n't work on paper wasps , which are what is prevalent in my area . And their right . It does n't . The W-H-Y version says it will work , so I 'll be trying one of those . In the meantime , I have put some humming bird feeder liquid in the trap and I 'll see if that does the trick . Again , not the traps fault , you just need to aware of the type of wasp 's your dealing with .
 Was very dissappointed with this product !! It was advertised to catch Yellow Jackets and NEVER attracted one ! Followed directions and NOTHING . We had an abundance of Yellow Jackets but we ended up buying spray again .
 Useless , a total waste of money . The wasps laughed at it . Did attract some flies however . So not totally useless .
 I bought this because I could n't afford a better one at the time , and I 'm sorry for that now . Hopefully it will last the summer , but after just one use , the plastic is already melting where it came into contact with the hot grill , and the bristles are flattening out . It did the job , but I do n't expect it to last more than a dozen barbeques , but I did n't expect much for under $ 3 . As soon as I can afford a nice wooden one , this ones going in the trash .
 Spend a buck or two extra . Get a wood handled grill brush . I 've gone the cheap way myself in the past and purchased these useless plastic handled grill brushes.First off , you ca n't put any reasonable amount of preasure on them to do any real grill cleaning ... the handle will flex too much.Then , if you have to clean the grill , while it 's HOT -LRB- like for something else after the first course -RRB- ... your bristles are going to get all messed up . The bristles will sink into the slowly melting handle.Unless the manufacture is using a high grade heat resistant plastic.It 's 3 and some change folks ... I doubt they did.Yes ... evetually a wood handle would surely burn . It 's never happened with any of mine.And if your really keeping a wood brush that long cleaning it , then `` dude '' ... clean your grill more often .
 I bought two of these chairs , and the third time me and my boyfriend used them at the beach they would n't fold back up . One of the bars on the legs of both chairs just snap in half when we tried to fold them up .
 The third time we used our chairs -- the first at the beach -- we were unable to collapse them . Thinking sand might be the culprit , we hosed them down and tried again . Still no luck . Is there a secret ?
 While this is , by far , the most comfortable chair I have owned , it BROKE the 3rd time I used it . You get what you pay for .
 This chair is indeed convenient and a great idea . However , I am 5 ' 10 '' tall and this presented some problems . Mainly , the head rest is not high enough and the seat is not long enough . In order to get my head on the headrest , I need to slouch in the seat . Slouching in the seat exacerbates the fact that the seat is n't long enough . After 10-15 minutes of sitting in a seat that is n't long enough you start to feel some serious discomfort in your back thighs . If you 're up and down a lot it may be OK but if you 're planning on plopping down for a while I do n't recommend this chair at all .
 Last year we purchased two chairs with footrest one chair fell apart in two days the other in three days . Although the chairs were very comfortable they were not worth the price .
 I find the footrest of these chairs to be in a very uncomfortable location and position . The adjustment does n't go down far enough , and even if it did , the footrest moves away from you as it goes down , which is opposite of where I want to adjust it.You 're better off with the $ 5 no-frills chairs K-mart sales . These leg-rest chairs are collecting dust in my basement until my next yard sale .
 This thing was so poorly made that it didnt even make it through shipping . It was broke in 3 places when I got it . Never used it and getting it back in the box seems impossible . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I ordered these chairs with great excitement . The price is great and they were a featured product at the time I purchased them . The first time I used the chairs , my wifes footrest broke . One of the poles supporting the chair came through the chair material , rendering the footrest useless . At the end of the day , I went to fold up the chairs to take them home . I was not able to fold either chair . No matter what I did , these chairs would not fold up into their original size to fit in the bags . After 20 minutes of trying to force these chairs to fold , I gave up . I would have loved to return the chairs to Amazon and get my money back , however , because I could n't fold them , I was n't able to fit them in my car . I had to abandon them at the beach ...
 For the price , you ca n't really complain , but the foot rest did snap off after only a week .
 We received two chairs ... the arm on the first one broke when the first person sat in it . A 160 pound man , not a giant person . The second one wo n't fold up . So they are useless .
 The appears to be a very sturdy chair and folds nicely for carrying and storage . However , the first time we used it , the fabric straps binding the footrest to the chair tore away , leaving the footrest part unusable . This was not due to rough usage - I sat in the chair , put my feet up to relax and all of a sudden , both bindings tore off and the footrest fell to the ground . Do n't know if it was defective or what , but it is being returned .
 it is not worth it at all . the chair broke and came apart just after one month after i bought it.never never make the mistake of buying it .
 A great chair to lounge in , if it will hold together . After a few uses the foot rest started to rip apart at the seams . Then , while sitting in it , the upright post that holds the chair back up ripped through and sent me crashing to the ground . I do not recomend this chair untill they address these problems
 Sometime ago , this chair broke on my after owning it a year . I used to set this chair up in my livingroom , watch t.v. . After a while , it just wend bust , plastic pieces broke . Just not worth sending back and complainging about .
 I love the chair ! My only complaint is that that the poles that support the foot rest tore through the foot rest only 4 days after I got it ... I had some stronger material sewn in for aboput the price of the chair ! But for the price it is still a nice chair .
 I bought this chair and it broke after 2 days . The leg looked like it was from shoddy craftmanship .
 I bought multiple chairs and about 75 % of them got stuck in the open position . Same thing for all of them , they just would n't close . Comfortable chair but needs some design work I think .
 This chair the most comfortable and convenient thing i have ever owned ! I brought it everywhere with me . Yesterday , I was packing up , and the chair would not fold down ! For the life of me , i ca n't figure out what is wrong but it just wo n't collapse . to say the least , I am disappointed . I 've only had the chair for two weeks .
 I bought this chair for my dad for his birthday , it worked wonderful for about a week , then one of the joints that connects the foot rests to the chair broke -LRB- he was just sitting in it when it gave way , and he fits well under the weight limit -RRB- . Also , on the foot rest , on the side where it broke , the seam is coming undone and looks as if it wo n't last long . We still use it from time to time , we 're able to prop the leg of the foot rest against the chair and it holds , but if you do n't want to have to deal with something like that , you should look into a different chair . But , I suppose that if it 's not defective , this chair is great for the price ... . just fair warning ...
 It would not support 100lbs . It fell apart as soon as my hind end hit it . If your looking for an outdoors chair , DONT get this one ! Just givin some info , SHADY
 The product that I bought for my father looked like a great deal , but part of is showed up broken and poorly packaged , and the description given overstated the actual product performance . Upon trying to get a return authorization it took 2 voicemails before I reached someone on the third try in as many days . The return policy insinuates that if returned within 7 days a full refund will be given , upon my return I was charged a 15 % restock fee . Do not recommend the product or the company LG Outdoors .
 Pruner was prepackaged in two pieces , sent broken with aluminum/metal sheered into at the base where it retracks into the black handle . The aluminum/metal portion needs to be of a higher quality and sturdy to withstand any strain and bend or break especially for the job its to be used for .
 This prunner has some nifty design features but fails in moderatly heavy use in a garden stting ... by heavy use I mean using it for what it was intended for . It dos n't cut hard limbs , the tension spring breaks away ... mine flew off and disappered forever under piles of mulch , the saws ' okay bt I lost a screw that holds it ... after using it for bout three days I 'm going to take mine back .
 The saw blade attaches to the plastic head via a machine screw/wing nut and a plastic stud molded onto the head . When the plastic stud shears off you will be left with a floppy saw extremely difficult to work with
 Up until the plastic head that holds the cutter blades brokeat the attaching bolt fixture , I was pretty happy with theway this pruner works . I had made about 20 cuts when it broke.As another reviewer has commented , there is too much plasticin critical areas of this pruner where strength is most needed.The saw works poorly . It does n't move smoothly in eitherdirection . A prunig saw I have glides in the forward directionand cuts when I pull it back and that 's what I expected of thissaw .
 Poorly made . Low quality construction . Too many plastic parts that break . The upper portion of the telescoping handle slips out of the bottom portion before the saw can bite .
 Things to like : Not much.It does not have the dangling rope and handle my old unit had.The rotating head is useful sometimes.Things to dislike : It does not have the power nor the longevity and strength of my old unit . -LRB- The old unit was purchased from Builder 's Square many years ago . It was stolen , and I do n't remember the brand name . -RRB- Advertised - cuts up to 1-1/4 inch diameter . Well , yes if it is something very soft such as a vine stem . For oak , maple , hickory , 3/4 inch is about all it will manage.Use
 I do n't really know how well this tool functions yet . It arrived broken . I have been working with the manufacturer on repair/replacement for well over 2 weeks . Repair part is supposed to be on the way . I will have to make the repair once the part arrives . If what I am experiencing appeals to you buy it otherwise be careful .
 First one got lost in transit , reordered another , both showed up on same day . One was sent back , the one I kept broke on the first day of use . Amazon reordered another one that I just received this week so the jury is still out on how well it will do . I am hopeful that this one will be OK . I will update when I actually put it to use . Next time I will just buy something like this from Lowe 's or Home Depot . Not sure what possessed me to buy this type of product through Amazon , pure laziness I guess !
 I was really excited about this product based on its reviews . The design is user friendly and the cutting head works well for cutting . The problem comes after the cut . The nylon cord that pulls the head closed gets pinched by the handle . To get the jaws to open , I have to lower the blade and manually feed the cord back through the handle . This gets tedious quickly .
 I 'd review this if it would ever ship . Now a month after the order and no goods . Do n't believe the 1-2 weeks .
 Nice enough pruner as long as it is not stressed . I broke it twice after only a few days of heavy use . One time at the plastic section near the cutter and another time at the plastic mount for the blade . The best thing is Fiskars has a lifetime warranty that they honor - If you dont mind waiting a month .
 I have purchased other fiskars products in the past and was always impressed with the quality . The telescoping pruning stik , however , has been a big dissappiontment . The upper portion of the telescoping handle slips out of the bottom portion before the saw can bite . I felt the allen scres holding the locking lever were loose , but tightening results in no real change . I have attempted to contact Fiskars with no luck .
 Most home improvement stores no longer carry this product for a reason . Yes , the design is attractive and the tool is user-friendly , like other Fiskars products , but this is not a heavy-duty tool and it will not last . I quickly damaged the saw blade , and found this is hard to replace . After a few more uses , the bypass pruner broke . The failure was at the hinge , which has a plastic joint . In attempting to prune a branch that fit into the jaw -LRB- which it should therefore be able to cut -RRB- , the force of the cut made the metal blade come off this joint and damage the joint in the process . My recommendation is therefore to look for a pruner with all-metal construction and easy to find replacement blades . I replaced mine with a Corona , which is heavier , but appropriately heavier duty .
 Save your reviews on this thing until you 've owned it awhile . I used it only the end of one season and it worked well . I drained it and stored it inside . The next spring it would n't oscillate consistently . This sprinkler looked too good and appeared too well made so I bought another one . It too stopped oscillating consistently after one season . I would come out and find one area of the yard flooded and the rest dry . A sprinkler this expensive should last more than one season . I 'm going to buy a cheap one and throw it away if it quits . I could make a down payment on a car for the price of two of these boat anchors .
 Like another reviewer , I have found that the plastic gears on this sprinkler soon begin sticking , rendering it useless . I 've bought two , one began sticking frequently after 2 months , the other after a season . I have the intake screened , so it 's not due to dirt , the gearbox must be poorly designed .
 I purchased this oscillating sprinkler 2 summers ago . I chose this one as I wanted one with a heavy duty metal base that would be stable on my less than stellar lawn . The sprinkler worked great for a while , with a nice even pattern and good coverage . Unfortunately , like others , it has stopped oscillating.It 's unfortunate that the inner mechanicals have stopped functioning , as until it stopped oscillating it really was a nice sprinkler ...
 This 50 ' sprinkler hose only disperses water for 40 ' of length , the laser precision holes are spaced far apart -LRB- 8 '' -RRB- and you can not attach another hose to it -LRB- has a dead end vs connecter -RRB- ...
 This item does not last long . A tear formed in it after 3.5 weeks of use . In addition , you can not connect another hose to it since the end is capped off permanently . Save your money , there are better products out there !
 I wonder if the reason the manufacturer discontinued making this hose is because it does an awful job of watering an area that you wish to cover . The hose does n't lie flat easily and does n't allow water to flow through it with any force . Compared to another hose from a different company , which sprays about 5 feet high , this hose 's spray is scarcely a foot or two high .
 A real let down the pictures look so good , but in reality they are very small and get lost outdoors in a garden setting , the plants overwhelm them , good price but they are not very practical
 I have had a hula hoe for year . It has worked will and the handle is worn out . After receiving this aluminum handled Hula Hoe it broke after two weeks . It is because of the way the aluminum handle is inserted into the hoe head . They make cuts along the end of the handle and insert it into the taped end of the head . This makes it very weak . I bent after a little use . I contacted Hula Hoe and they are sending me a new handle . However , until they swedge the end ot fhte handle to fit the head instead of cutting it the handle will only break again unless it it reinforced with a wood plug , which is what I plan on doing . Intill the design is changed I would recommend only the wood handled model .
 i probably would have liked it , however i was sent the wrong item . i looked forward to using this thing too !
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I used this saw for pruning a large blue spruce in our yard and it broke before I even finished limbing the bottom of the tree ! It broke at the handle , do n't know if its a design flaw but its not worth almost 30 $ .
 Cuts twigs just fine , does n't work to well on branches thicker then a half inch . Would n't recommend for the price ,
 The bird house looks nice but the top pre-drilled hole which attaches the bird house to the fence is inside the bird house and is not easily accessed with a drill motor . The drill has to be drilling at an agle and it makes it hard to install . But I kept it and worked around that . Otherwise the front of the house opens to clean out the birdhouse . Good product but they should rethink the top pre-drilled hole . When the company saw my review they offered to take it back but it is not enough of an issue to have to prep it to send back . Just know that you will need to pre-drill a hole in the top to use on a fence as the top inside hole is just not practical to use .
 These tongs can not get a good grip because there is not enough leverage . The first -LRB- and last -RRB- time I used them once I dropped my food all over the place .
 I was disappointed with these tongs , which was surprising since OXO makes good kitchen utensils . I agree with other reviewers , it is difficult to grasp and close them . Unless you have a rather large hand -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- , you 're forced to grasp the handle so far down near the stainless steel ! When comparing these to my 12 '' tongs my hand grasp was at the same point - which really made these 16 '' tongs no different from the 12 '' ones .
 the tongs where hard to grip . . so what I did to avoid sending them back.I took a pair of very small plyers and bent just the pointed ends inward . . like a claw . Now they are excellent.grip great . love the long handle ... and heavy duty soft rubber.hope this helps those of you like me who hate sending stuff back .
 Saw the other reviews and decided that regardless , I 'd try them . They are well designed around the handle with a nice heft of rubber but the thing that makes them almost useless is the design of the metal in contact with the meat . The prongs need to curve in more for starters , but even after I adjusted with a set of pliers , I just could n't get a good grip on the meat . The concept is excellent ... long handles but the execution is just all wrong .
 I used to grow rope plants many years ago and I wanted to start again . I ordered the hanging basket rope plant , it arrived and appeared fine , but I did noticed that one of the leaves was a little schriveled . Well as the weeks went on , the plant did not grow and just became more and more sickly . It died on me and actually infected a few other plants around it . I did not contact Hirts , because I was concerned that the rest of my house plants would also die . Guess I should have purchased from a local nursery . I would advise anyone to be very careful ,
 Maybe I was being unrealistic but I expected the rope plant to begin growing like a rope . I purchased the plant a year ago and it is exactly the same size as when I purchased it . The plant is healthy and looks nice but it does not seem to grow any longer . I purchased it in hopes of laying it over my window sill for a dramatic effect . Currently this is not possible . For anyone thinking of buying the plant just know that it will probably take years to grow to a decent size .
 This plant died also . Maybe the greenhouse that sent them had a &#34; bad &#34; batch . As stated above , will try again .
 I placed a large order with this seller ; including this plant . Shipping was fast . Packing was good . Out of the 4 plants ; 3 died due to mealy bugs . This plant died last despite my & my local greenhouses best efforts to save it . My order was for : Hindu or Indian Rope Plant - Hoya - 6 '' Hanging Basket
 I think that the plant was watered too much or something as the plant looks like it is rotting . I am not sending it back as that is too expensive .
 I agree , a bit pricey , but hard to find these pretty plants around my parts . I noticed that the plant look like it was just plopped in this pot right before shipping , and it was extremely soaked ... but ok ... I was happy with it 's size and color ... until I found it 's friends ! Both of mine are covered with mealy bugs ... and yes they came in on these , these are the only houseplants I have ... and I do n't have mealy bugs outside , not that these plants have ever been outside ! Good buy , but make sure you have a bug killer already purchased ... maybe purchase some of their ladybugs at the same time ? LOL . I am not happy about the bugs ! Hope they are easy to treat . I will try tonight .
 I wish that I had not ordered this plant . It was about 4 inches long when it came , and it never grew at all . Some sort of rot seemed to set in , and in a matter of weeks , it was dead .
 I placed a large order with this seller ; including this plant . Shipping was fast . Packing was good . Out of the 4 plants ; 3 died due to mealy bugs . This plant died last despite my & my local greenhouses best efforts to save it . My order was for : Hindu or Indian Rope Plant - Hoya - 6 '' Hanging Basket
 Ok - the statue arrived -LRB- very slow shipping by the way -RRB- and I buried it.No house sale yet ! damn.Well it ca n't all be his fault right?oh well .
 The price and quality of the product was great . However , my house never sold - maybe I did something wrong .
 I bought the St. Joesph . I followed his instuctions to the T. . and got no buyers for my house still after 2 months . I do pray to the saints so I am a beleaver . . But Dont waste your money on this Just pray , , no statue needed !!!
 I planted St. Joseph in my yard back in September . My house is still for sale . I would n't bother ...
 In this market I figured giving the statute a shot would be worth it . Put the statute in the ground almost six months ago ... still no offer AND my house is price right in align with comps . I 'm a believe but not a believer of this ! For the price it was worth a try .
 I purchased the St. Joseph home sale kit for a friend who has been struggling to sell her house . It was n't an expensive gift but it was a gift nonetheless . However , the kit was shipped in an ordinary padded envelope and its little cardboard box did n't survive the rigors of the postal service . It was dented and smashed . In addition , the cardboard packaging looked like it had been exposed to moisture , it was slightly puffed in areas and looked old and used . Overall the kit that I received was not in gift-giving condition although the contents were unharmed . It was very disappointing .
 I am Catholic , I work for a large Catholic Church and this practice is using something sacred for a non-sacred purpose and that 's paganism - witchcraft.Insiders of the church know that and , rather than offend people , tend to look the other way instead of educating and warning people.There is a real Devil - Satan . . and he is pretty darned good at manipulating people and events to make his side look attractive . He can engineer a house sale in a flash if it means hooking another poor soul into thinking they should trust in `` hocus-pocus '' rather than in Jesus Christ Himself.Amazon , I 'm a good customer of yours and it grieves me to see that you are propogating material like this . Guess I learned something about you today.So sad.To those who want to make use of this little bit of magic , try surrendering your life to Christ , make Him the center of your world and let His Spirit guide everything you do , including selling your house.JW
 I bought and buried this statue in Oct 2009 a little over a month after I put my house up for sale . Needless to say I 'm still waiting !! I know its a slow market but ...
 Please realize this is just a plastic statue thing , so do n't expect it to sell your house . That 's what realtors are for , and in a crappy economy they 're just as worthless . Save your money for the additional funds you 'll need to take to the settlement table so you do n't have to pay utilities for another year . That little guy is still buried somewhere in the front yard with it 's butt in the air , good riddance .
 I have heard so many positive results from St Joseph - It has n't worked for me . It has been 6 months and not even a bite . And I have a nice home .
 Buried the darn thing six months ago , house is still for sale.Of course , I kinda figured it was hooey , but it never hurts to hope .
 I got this silly plastic statue because I had heard it brought good luck in selling houses . I knew it was just a wives tale , but I figured it could n't hurt . It 's cheap and it 's plastic , but I was n't expected much more then that based on the description . We were trying to sell our house in a hurry and it did n't happen for us as quickly as we needed it to . Granted , winter is not the best time to list a home ... but if you are buying it for the hopes of ` helping ' for a quick sale , save your money and just cross your fingers . -LRB- Or list it in the spring at a good price ! -RRB-
 As mentioned on their individual product page , the tongs in this set are not particularly useful , at least for my average-sized hands . The handle is too long , so to grab things you have to grip closer down on the handle , which means your hand ends up closer to the grill flame . There also did n't seem to be much `` give '' in the tongs ' hinge , which made gripping food difficult . I 've never had a problem with Oxo tools before , but I abandoned these in favor of my old kitchen tongs.The other tools in the set seem fine , however . Perhaps it 's better to buy individually .
 Yes , their chunky grips make them comfy to hold . BUT , if you use corn dishes -LRB- you know , the ones made just for corn , so you can roll your ear in the butter , etc ? -RRB- these will not work - since their so big they actually hold the corn high up out of the dish ! If the ear ca n't reach the bottom of the dish then there 's no butter/salt/pepper , which for me renders these useless.We prefer the Zyliss ones that also interlock -LRB- so no poking yourself digging them out of the drawer -RRB- ! ETA 12/27/09
 I purchased this tone set to use in my kindergarten classroom . The description states that there are two different tones , however the item I received did not have two different tones . What is the point of having two tones when they are the same ?
 Have had this gong hanging in 3 different places outside my house ... even in the strongest of wind , it does n't gong . The whole thing blows , but , never does the striker actually hit the gong . Save your money !
 oh , the sound ! It 's just a high pitch that hurts my ears . I ended up giving it away to my coworker .
 I am a regular meditator , and my group of fellow meditation practitioners all use this particular chime model . Between the group of us , we probably own 20 of this chime . It works great . Recently , I lost my chime , and ordered a replacement on Amazon . The new chime -LRB- identical model and brand -RRB- , looks different and sound different than the one I used to have . The rod is now strung higher on the string -LRB- leaving a large gap between it and the wood base -RRB- . The mallet is now shorter -LRB- making it harder to control the sound -RRB- , and would not fit snuggly into the space between the metal rod and the wood base . What 's worst is now the sound made by hitting the mallet against the metal rod is totally different . The sound quality is nothing like the recording sample that you hear . It looks to me like the same model was manufactured by 2 different practices and design group . It sound so bad , that I returned it . I consider it defective . Unfortunately , because this model is only available on the Internet , it 's hard to see how to look for a store with the old stock . I would gladly paid twice a much to order the old design .
 The product is as advertised . It is visibly cheaply made . The wood and metal detail is sloppy . The metal rod was not in good geometric alignment with the wood . Pushing both ends of the rod with my thumbs while bracing the wood with my fingers , I was able to get the rod to look OK and to sound a little better . I 've seen a better version of this sort of chime and it sounded far better.You get what you pay for . It works .
 Compact , well-designed , and well made chime with a sweet , high tone provided that the chime is struck very gently . However , if struck with anything more than the lightest touch , the chime sends my dog running for cover into the other room -- must really hurt her ears . To solve the problem I bought a Tibetan singing bowl with a mid-range tone instead .
 MADE IN COMMUNIST CHINA . BETTER ALTERNATIVE
 the sound was not too nice , I am not into music so I did not know what to expect . . however I do suggest the trio chime is sounds very pretty I might say . this solo one is not a good purchase . .
 There have been a few times where the I have been able to hear the sweet resonance of the chime - I have not yet mastered the art of the right touch and it often sounds clangy and discordant . Much possibility - how much practice is enough to deliver it consistently ?
 This chime ring is really brassy and tinny ... . it actually makes many of the children say ouch and hold their ears ... I would try another . .
 The chime is tied off-center in the wooden cradle . Does n't look good , does n't sound good . The sound dies down very quickly .
 I ordered 3 of these to replace 2 that I 've had for nearly 15yrs . What I received were particularly cheaply made - poor effort knockoffs of the original ` CornerSpray ' that is pictured.The product shipped is not labeled in any way , nor does it appear to be capable of spraying in a square pattern for right angle corners either . Particularly lightweight unlike the originals , cheaply painted & not powder coated , plus the typical last only 1-2yrs quality plastic couplers.No Star rating.Ace Hardware can do much better than this.Returning tomorrow .5 / 19/11 Update . Fast response to my request to return , but it cost $ 12 shipping to return , plus the original $ 9 shipping when ordered.This all could have been avoided with some truth in advertising that consists on accurate picture of the actual product carried plus a more accurate description of this predictable ` Made in China ' product .
 crystal looks pretty , but its `` rainbows '' are pitiful . no good for rainbows . maybe nice as a Christmas tree decoration . This items was WAY better :76 mm Teardrop Suncatcher Crystal Prisms # 873-76
 Every time I order an item not fulfilled by Amazon , something goes wrong . This time was no different.I placed an order for several of these crystals early in the morning . -LRB- My daughter is opening a new business and I told her I 'd find what she wanted . -RRB- Within an hour , I found out I 'd ordered the wrong ones . I sent a cancellation e-mail to the seller , explaining my mistake . No response.Hours later I sent another e-mail . No response . And several hours later , another one . Four hours after that one , I received a nasty e-mail response , telling me not to send so many e-mails and assuring me my order had successfully been canceled . It had n't . I now have shipping information . And ... my credit card has been charged.I 'm not even going to try to return these because I do n't believe I 'd get my money back . I do n't trust any seller who , once they suddenly discover you need to cancel an order , send you a rude e-mail and then get your package in the mail as fast as possible so they can keep your money.I do n't understand why Amazon allows people like this to sell through them .
 all 3 crystals came with small damage . I am Ok but if you want perfect one take this one serious .
 the two crystals came to me shipped and packed very well but after it was opened both were nicked and chiped not very good quality control at all
 These cushions are good . They arrived on time and were in every way as promised.They are really expensive for what you get and cost me about 50 % more than a pair I had ordered earlier this summer.Would not have ordered same cushions again at this price , but I wanted them to match .
 I bought this because I needed an inexpensive way to balance my mower blades . It does this , but is difficult to use and is not very sensitive . A blade has to be severely out before you can tell on this , and the tool has to be resting on a level surface to be accurate . This tool also pivots both directions -LRB- laterally and longitudinally -RRB- , so it is difficult to tell where the heavy side really is . This is better than nothing , but just .
 The bag literally fell apart in less than 5 months . It was in partial sunlight . The temperatures were in the 105 range but it still should have lasted longer .
 I planted hot peppers in this , with fertilizer and watering regularly ... the peppers that normally reach 3 or 4 inches were not even an inch long when they ripened . Not enough root space . Do n't even get me started on the topsy turvey ... let 's just say plastic bags promote mold !
 It tells time and the temperature without a problem . However , the forecaster function is always wrong . It will be in the 80 's without a cloud in the sky for days , and the clock will be showing rain clouds on the screen .
 It works if you need to break the ice and clear the snow around you car every now and then . Otherwise , there are much better shovels out there.Comes not sharpened so might gon na need to do that . Plastic `` D '' shaped handle is not durable but the pole is a solid wood , which is good . The blade is narrow -LRB- probably a lot narrower then one would expect -RRB- . Going back , I 'd probably check a local Home Depot to see what else $ 20 can buy .
 I have purchased/exchanged 4 Zareba chargers in the last 3 years . One by one they have quit working on us . The first 3 within the manufacturers warranty so went and exchanged/upgraded products to help solve the issue . They all worked fine for about 8 months before just quitting ! Finally , this last time , we bought the extra 1 year warranty coverage just incase it lasted 12 months ... . it went out 12 months and 1 week after we bought it ! Now we are jumping through hoops trying to get them to refund us our money . Customer service is clueless and keeps asking the same questions over and over . Find a different brand if you can , Zareba is junk .
 I HAVE A PARROT FRAM IN LEESBURG FL.I HAVE BOUGHT 5 ZAREBA FENCE CHARGERS IN 5 YEARS AND THEY WORK GOOD FOR 12 MONTHS BUT AFTER THAT THEY ARE BROKE DOWN.THEY WONT HELP ME AT ALL WHEN I CALL THEM.THE ONLY THING THEY SAY IS BUY AN OTHER NEW ONE.IM SICK OF SPENDING MY MONEY ON JUNK.I HOPE THIS SAVES ALL YOU PEOPLE FROM GOING THOUGH WHAT I HAVE . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Wind speed stopped operating after two weeks and rain reporting never worked . Tried for two weeks to contact tech support to no avail . Returned tp Amazon .
 We have had the WS2308 system for almost two years , it seems to be the same stuff without the Weather Channel logo . The outdoor components have been nothing but trouble . Naturally the first failure was after the warrantee expired . My husband has replaced two of them . I 'm not sure which two , but I believe the thermo-hygro has been replaced at least once , and it now does not work again . The batteries are the first thing we checked , of course , but that has not been the problem . This has been a constant frustration . I 'm now looking for a thermo-hygro replacement again because the system was expensive -LRB- more than the Amazon price here -RRB- and I do want to make it work !
 I used and enjoyed this `` super thermometer '' for over 2 years , until I got a new 64-bit computer , which of course does n't have a serial port . I was told by technical support that it will not work . At least I did n't buy an adapter .
 The device works well enough , but I am disappointed it is not a continual feed , and some of the info must be dug out from several menu layers.The primary disappointment for me is that the units requires a SERIAL port to communicate with a PC . A SERIAL PORT ? What is this 1985 ? Come on guys - get to the age of USB - or even better - wireless . Serial port ? You must be joking.Even worse - the directions specifically say that it WILL NOT WORK WITH A SERIAL TO USB ADAPTER - and I have found that to be correct.The software leaves much to be desired as well.If I were to do it again ... I would n't
 I bought this product from Flexiblepvc.net and did not work for my koi ponds . Not made round , has a flat area and lays flat on the ground . Also because it has a thinner side , it will not make good connections . Horrible to try to make connections because they all leak water . Contacted vendor , but no response . Will not ever buy anything from this vendor again . Beware , this vendor lists 1 '' as outside measurement not inside . Have to order 1.25 '' to get true 1 '' .
 Ok so if you read my review on the actual detector , you can see I was not find the old deep coins . In theory , a bigger coil is supposed to add some depth so I flipped for the extra money on this bigger coil and got the same results as the 8 '' coil . I called Bounty Hunter and their web site mentions nothing about extra depth and said the other places selling these should not be advertising that . There is NO gained depth with this bigger coil . I paid good money for nothing . The point of this coil is to cover more area in less time , however that means you are going too fast and missing targets . If you want it for a gain in depth over the standard coil 8 '' that comes with unit , do not do it . Do not take my word for it , call Bounty Hunter they will tell you the same thing . I am now stuck with an extra coil and gained nothing . Going to save up and just buy a better detector .
 This unit stopped working on my stove about 2 weeks ago . I would not recommend it try another brand etc. .
 I thought the idea of having a handled kneeler when weeding would be very helpful but the pad is off the ground so that when you reach forward to weed , it tips forward , leaving you feeling off balance and unsteady . I did not attempt to use it as a bench and have no comment on that .
 Very nice design and fits into landscape perfectly . However , I 'm not sure about the effectiveness . I do n't find many mosquitos in the trap , but they are definitely still flying around . It seems like the fan does not have enough power to suck anything larger than a small gnat .
 So far it does not seem to be working . I sent an e-mail to the company but did not get a response . I will call them in the morning .
 Pure garbage . Not much more to say . Had to give it 1 star because I could not give it 0 .
 I bought three of these boxes for our neighborhood about two years ago . Two have since been replaced with more secure boxes . The last remaining is about to go after being broken into for the third time.The box was a cost effective choice and I would like it but for the fact that it is NOT secure . A simple screw driver can pry it open.Once the thieves figure this out , they appear to just bring the `` key '' on their `` mail route '' . The two other replacement boxes , two different brands , were untouched.Since the point of these boxes is security , I can not recomend someone get this box . It can prevent someone from just walking past and taking your mail on a whim . But anyone intent on mail theft can get in quickly and easily .
 We had the same issues as another reviewer . We order things online and wanted a mailbox that would accept packages and keep them secure . This was not it . Then we found the mailbox design we were looking for at mailsafeincorporated dot com . Perfect -- I wish we had found it first .
 My mail was just stolen from this box . Theives popped it open like a top . There is a design flaw that allows for easy access with a screwdriver at minimum to bust the door off . My neighbors both have different syle boxes than mine and their mail boxes were uncompromised . If you care about criminals accessing the contents of your mailbox do not buy this box .
 I went to our local hardware store to look at the Oasis . The clerk in the store was explaining how it worked to another customer and I was looking on . When he opened the ingoing mail door -LRB- not the locked portion -RRB- I stuck my hand in through the opening and pulled out the mounting hardware box and mounting instructions that are in the bottom of the mailbox . Needless to say neither I or the other customer bought this product .
 The item broke the very first time I used it . The wood cracked and the whole thing seemed cheaply built .
 The picture appears to show leather at the area where the boot meets with the wood . This product does not have any leather to protect the boot when removing boots . When I contacted Amazon the representative issued a refund and a return shipping label . Major problem was that the shipping label was not postage paid so it cost me $ 12.51 out of pocket in shipping costs for the wrong product to have been sent to me upon returning the product . I am not a happy customer after having to pay for a product return that was not a described or appeared in the photo of the product .
 This baby shoe thing will never fit an aldult . TAKE IT OFF THE MARKET . i WOULD HAVE SENT IT BACK BUT IT 'S NOT WORTH THE POSTAGE !!!!!!
 For the price I was expecting more than just staple construction . This looks cheap and certainly wont last very long .
 COULD BE THIS IS FOR COWBOY BOOTS ONLY WHICH I DO N'T HAVE . WOULD LIKE TO RETURN IT AS DOES N'T WORK ON BARBOUR RUBBER BOOTS ETC. . WHAT DOES WORK IS OLD FASHIONED PLASTIC BAGGIES IN BOOTS !!! MAYBE RUN WITH THAT CONCEPT AND DESIGN LONG LASTING PLASTIC BAGGIE TYPE LINERS AND YOU 'LL HAVE A WINNER . Meryl
 Received the item as described . The problems began when we started using this . Unbeknownst to me , the stapling that holds the leather material around the insides sides apparently had not been stapled properly or been done at an incorrect angle . The sharp staple end came out through the other side . The end had not pierced completely through the leather material , it was only once we began using the jack did it completely show itself . I now have boots that have numerous cuts in them because I did not notice this issue soon enough.Beware . I would recommend running your finger across any surface your boots will be in contact with before using .
 When I first tried this boot jack , I thought I must have been sent one for youth or small women 's boots . The opening is too small for my `` B '' width boot heal to fit into for a good grip . I have tried to use it a few times and have decided to write it off as a bad purchase . The leather in the opening seems to be attached well but the rubber grip on the top is attached with staples , giving it a cheap look .
 Initially , a great product . I bought one from my local boot repair shop , and it worked like magic when I wanted to remove one particular pair of dress boots I own that were previously impossible to get off without frustration and working up a serious sweat.However , after several uses , the wood on one side of the yoke on this product snapped off , rendering it unusable until I drove it back on with a few screws . Unless you feel like jury-rigging this cheaply made boot jack to endure stress , I 'd recommend a more solid and expensive one .
 This jack must be made for children because it does not fit an adult boot . Would have returned it but it was not worth the return postage . Very disappointed !
 I 've had this boot jack less than three months . I use it maybe three days a week . In that time a staple has managed to work it 's way through the leather padding and has scrathed a -LRB- relatively -RRB- new pair of boots BEYOND REPAIR !!!!! Be sure to inspect this item before use EVERY TIME ! I am so disappointed with this product and with Amazon ! I 'd give it less than one star if I could .
 I just started using this tool and found both ends bending . I will never endorse or purchase this line of tools again .
 I decided to give this poly hose hanger a shot . It looked nice , but I returned it right away . It was flimsy and bent easily .
 The stuff looked like it came from the same bag , it I were asked if there were a difference between the two , the stuff looked sandy and did not mix well with water . My plants showed no effects , ill or good . Not enough change to say it was worth all that money . I think it did not help my plants by using this stuff . What can I say
 I have three devices that require this battery , a hedge clipper , chain saw and a reciprocating saw . The battery works with all three . However , my problem with battery is it only hold a charge for a short period of time . Charge it tonight with plans to use it the next day and the battery will not last for very long or if it is late in the day it will require recharging . I find this very annoying at best .
 The photo provided is very deceiving - it looks like you are getting 5 PACKS of bags . In fact you are receiving 5 individual bags . I was surprised to receive only five bags for the price charged - making them much more expensive than what I could purchase at a home improvement store or even the grocery store ! Will not make that mistake again . The bags are high quality lawn bags , but I can buy the exact thing -LRB- and same number -RRB- for less than half price at the grocery store .
 Deckmate Round Steel & Black Fire BowlWhat a disappointment when opening the box the first thing I see is a mashed in bowl rim ! I used pliers to somewhat bend it back to its ' intended shape and in doing so chipped black paint off of it . Next when assembling the legs for some reason one of the screws needed to be a 1/4 '' longer than the others to get it to fit ! Finally after finding a screw I thought I just might be able to use it when I saw the handle to the fire screen was completely broken off at its weld spot . Now how do you add the logs without the handle ?!!! The manufacturer of this piece of crap should be ashamed and to price it at $ 85 is ridiculous !!!
 AMAZON CLEARANCE DEPT. SUCKS !! THIS ITEM WAS USED , RUSTED , BANGED , I GOT SCREW ! BUYER BEWARE OF THIS DISCOUNTED DEALS.GP
 Ordered this rug on 5/12/07 , never recieved a notification of shipment but had a estimated arrival date of 5/24/07 . Sent two emails to seller , no response until days after , then nothing again , called them today , they said the order would ship on 6/18/07 . No contact was made w/me to find out if this was acceptable , ca n't wait to see how long it takes to get my money back !
 The design for setting the doors open is flimsy and was unworkable for me . I had it set and baited with peanut butter on crackers and in the morning the doors were still open , the bait was gone and the trap had scattered mouse turds . I returned this for a refund .
 Disappointing . Instructions useless . Push down on the bent rod and ... . do something.There is even a YouTube video of a six year old doing it , but I still CA N'T SEE what they are doing to set the trap . I ca n't see how the two door rods are matched to the plate bar . The bent rod in the video does n't look the same as mine , and everything is so loose that I just do n't see how this is set .
 Difficult to set the trap ; too small to get hand in to put food on tray . I would not recommend using this trap .
 I bought this and another style humane trap and have had no luck using it . I ca n't get the trap to set right in order for it to function . It seem to be warped save your money and buy a different brand
 Trap does n't work on small mice . We 've loaded it several times with peanut butter and they lick it clean without setting off the trap . I 'm going to try a different trap that will be able to catch a small mouse .
 The trap is very flaky and very difficult to setup . And the opening seems to be too narrow . I have not been successful with the trap even once . Now , it is just lying in the shed with no use.I wish it was better quality and was usable .
 I could not get this trap set right although it appeared to be set . However , the mice went in and helped themselves to the bait without the trap being tripped . I have tried numerous times with the same result.The instructions for setting the trap are unclear and the drawings are no help .
 This trap is poor in design , not at all like the larger one we purchased . It was a waste of money .
 I 've caught three mice already with this trap and have let them go outside my home . However I find this trap too senstive to set . The setting mechanism is a little too sensitive , where as the slightest movement sets it off while transporting it to trap location .
 This product was first picture as a Rat abatement product the product is no good for that purpose if the rats are bigger then the little trap they sent I want to send them back as soon as I can for a refund . They say one place it is for rats and mice but it only can be used for mice
 I bought three traps . The mouse ate the bait out of the first trap and did n't trigger the trap -LRB- it was set correctly -RRB- . In the second trap the mouse triggered the trap and then escaped through the top of the trap where the door comes down.This trap is not built well , the holes are too big so the mouse can easily escape , the triggering mechanism is poorly designed .
 I have caught zero mice . I have seen the mouse almost every night ... Usually he/she runs right around the lovely cage . Not sure why I have this ...
 There was a time when a Havaheart Cage meant quality . No more . This cage is nothing more than a preformed piece ot tin with loosely made hinges that make it all but impossable to set the trap . I would never purchase a product made by Haveaheart again nor would I ever recomend its purchase to anyone else .
 model 1025 is required for rats . I returned my order but the description for 1020 has not been corrected
 I ordered the havahart 1020 Two Door Cage to hopefully trap rats that were under my shed . Unfortunately cage is too small for rats . Cage was easy to put together and would work fine for mice . Fortunately rats are gone -LRB- outdoor cats and or raccoon paid a visit I guess -RRB-
 Trap is very small , flimsy and hard to set . Altho cheap , not really worth the money .
 Trap does n't trigger when chipmonk enters cage . Can reach bait without going over the trigger mechanism .
 I have had the Havahart for 2 weeks and all it has done is help feed the mice . First of all the way that is necessary to set the cage up makes no sense and the least little movement causes the cage to close . Will not buy this product again . Would return it but through the boxes away . Looks like $ 3O Down the drain for 2 cages
 After having bate stolen from the trap several times without setting the trap off , I finally use hot glue to glue a peanut to the trap spring.The peanut was actually pried off of the lever without setting the trap off.What a poor design ! Have a heart ? Yup it should be called a `` feeder '' .
 Recently moved to a charming old hobby farm and quickly learned -LRB- after moving in , of course -RRB- about feral cats in the old barn -LRB- with nary a mouse in sight . -RRB- I 'm certain the mouse clan have all migrated to the house , since I saw one actually visiting my pet wild mouse -LRB- through the glass -RRB- - Romeo & Juliet kinda thing ? I put out THIS mouse trap when I saw it scurry under my minifridge . Before my eyes , and within a minute , I see `` Romeo '' go in the trap , take the morsel and leave ... wtf ? ... Needless to say , I 'm on Amazon looking for a better mousetrap . OMG ... now I hear it chomping on the morsel . I rate this product a ONE because not only does it not catch mice , but the mice then gloat . OMG ... the same mouse ... it just took another several morsels I placed in the trap again , figuring eventually , he 'll activate it . Do n't buy this trap !!!
 Terrible instructons , especially the drawing . By the time I sort of set the Havahart mouse trap the poor mouse disappeared This probably meant that someone else in my apartment building probably killed it . Imagine , if I had better instructions , one cute little critter could have gone free .
 What a waste of money . The mice can work their way out of these traps . Traps have been tripped but have no bait and no mouse in the morning . Save your money .
 I purchased the 1025 a few weeks ago and watched the red squirrels get out of this cage three times . It is NOT a good design . I would NOT recommend it . I then purchased the one door and that works . I would be interested in returning the double door unit if someone could email and let me know how to go about that . It will only sit in my garage and collect dust !! It DOES NOT WORK .
 NOT A RAT TRAP . !!! NO RESPECTING RAT WILL GET CAUGHT IN THIS TRAP . AND IF IT DOES ... IT WIL LOOSE ITS TAIL - A SURE DEATH THREAT IF YOU WANT TO CATCH & RELEASE . SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS ON THIS ONE . SHAME ON THE SELLER TO SAY THAT THIS IS A `` RAT TRAP . '' IF YOU WANT TO CATCH A RAT THIS IS NOT FOR YOU . THE BOX EVEN INDICATES THAT IT IS FOR MICE AND SIMULIAR SIZE RODANTS .
 I agree with a previous review that this is a MOUSE trap and not a rat trap . So the title is a misrepresentation . So although I was willing to ` have a heart ' by trapping our rat humanely , I can no longer wait - the animal will just have to die . It 's eating away at our garage door . Additionally , the package had already been opened and shut again with scotch tape , so it 's probably made the journey over to another unsuspecting customer , been opened up and sent back again . What a waste of time .
 I was under the impression that Havahart traps set the standard for humane traps , so I thought I 'd try one , along with oneSmart Mouse Trap - Humane Mousetrapto see which was better . Unfortunately , the Havahart 's build quality is horrible . It looks , feels , and functions like a junior high metal shop project . Worse , setting the trap was an exercise that tested my patience every time . Although I was able to catch three mice , I soon got fed up with it and chucked it in the trash.The trap is made of nothing more than crudely formed sheet metal and thin rods -LRB- heavy gauge wire , actually -RRB- . The roof is fastened to the sides with staples . Setting the trap is a delicate balancing act . A bait tray in the middle of the trap pivots on one of the thin rods . The doors also pivot on rods . The three rods are bent in such a way as to meet on the outside of the trap where the bait tray rod projects out from the side . One door rod is supported by the other door rod , which in turn must be delicately rested on the bait tray rod . The latter two rods are slightly -LRB- VERY slightly ! -RRB- flattened so they can balance a little easier than two round rods would , but that 's not saying much . Once you get that set , two rods above each door must be set in place to lock the doors after they close so the mouse ca n't escape.Making the tiniest mistake in this process triggers the trap , catapults the bait out of the tray , and you have to start all over . I never got it right the first time , and often spent 5-10 minutes trying to get it right , and it was not fun.When a mouse was caught , it closed with a loud `` CLANK '' and the mouse was snug inside waiting to go to a nearby open space . They really are cute little critters , and seem to exhibit a fair amount of intelligence for their tiny size . Its definitely worth saving these guys for a new home rather than killing them!However , my fourth mouse triggered the trap and got away with the bait . I discovered one of the door rods was getting hung up on the edge of the poorly constructed sheet metal roof , preventing one door from closing completely and letting the mouse escape . After a few tests I realized that to prevent this from happening again , I had to set the rods even more gingerly than before , which I was not able to do successfully . After 20 minutes of frustration I gave up and into the trash it went.Maybe I 'll just adopt our mice as pets .
 So , we wanted a humane way to deal with our mouse problem -LRB- currently dealing with it -RRB- in our garage . My partner and we went to Ace hardware to get some traps and they had this cage -LRB- kinda pricey -RRB- that we purchased.After leaving it out all night and checking on it periodically , it became clear the the mice were able to get in it , set if off and then escape because one of the doors was not locking properly . It appears to be dysfunctional . Once I locked the bad door and kept the other open all night we indeed caught one this morning.We also bought a two other humane traps at the store , along with this one . They were a brand called Victor and they are little plastic containers that the mice crawl into and ca n't crawl back out of.This afternoon we had 10 -LRB- TEN !!! -RRB- mice in the Victor traps that we were able to go release humanely . They were n't nearly as expensive as the metal trap and are 10 times more effective . Much easier to clean , set , and trap.Final thought
 This might work for bigger animals like squirrels and big rats , but it just did n't work for chipmunks . They 'd eat the bait but never spring the trap , and I even tried one poster 's suggestion of putting peanut butter on the bottom of the trap plate . No dice , I ended up just feeding chipmunks . Save your money if dealing with smaller pests .
 I have a couple of the larger Havahart traps and swear by them . Those are solid , well-built , and foolproof . This model is exactly the same as their larger 2-door trap , just shrunk down . Unfortunately , everything fits together very loosely , which makes it tricky to set the trap , and much too easy to trip . The `` U '' - shaped bars which lock the doors down have a tendency to fall out . The long bars attached to the doors , which hook to the trigger , also fit very loosely . Setting the bars onto the trigger involves taking two cylindrical pieces of metal , about the size and shape of the point of a ball-point pen , and balancing one on top of the other . This is trickier than it should be , and the slightest jar will trigger the trap . It helps if you take a large pliers , or set of channel locks , and flatten the ends a bit so they will stay mated better . A strong wind can set this off , and a storm certainly will , making these unsuitable for outdoor use . Note also that a man-size hand wo n't fit inside this trap , so you will have to carefully toss the bait in and hope it lands on the trigger , or keep trying until it does . There is no handle , so you need to be careful about where you hold a filled trap to avoid getting bit . You can make these work inside , but be prepared for some aggravation . Overall a disappointing product .
 This trap is TOO small for chipmunks . I had to purchase the next largertrap that worked very well and captured 3 chipmunks over a 2 day period .
 I ordered two of these traps and could n't believe how poorly made they were . The cage itself was made of ultra-thin material with sharp edges , and the rods used to set the trap were so tiny and flimsy they would n't stay in the `` ready '' position . I have several older , larger Havahart traps and they work fine - this model is made-in-China junk.I boxed them up right away and sent them back . Amazon did issue a prompt refund . Do n't waste your time and money on this product .
 I got this in hopes I could catch the mouse in our kitchen without killing it ... The mouse somehow kept getting the food and did n't get trapped . At first I thought we set it wrong but after following the directions exactly again it happened again . I tried this for over a week and the food kept disappearing but the mouse was not trapped . Either the mouse is that smart or this trap sucks ...
 Working the logistics of this trap can be maddening . Getting the trap door levers to successfully hook up to the bait plate switch is an exercise in extreme patience and ingenuity . It is NOT an easy trap to set up at all . When you finally get the trap doors set , placing the bait on the bait plate without trigerring the trap yourself is nearly impossible . And once you finally get to the point where the bait is set and the trap is ready for its prey , the mice can apparently enter the trap and extract the bait completely WITHOUT triggering the damn trap ! I 've had the trap a week now and have n't caught anything . Three nights in a row now the mice have successfully entered the trap and taken the bait without triggering the trap . Also , the trap is much smaller than the picture implies . This is designed for small mice only .
 it does n't work at all do not spend your money and mouse still not catch and trap is still waste
 This trap is unbelievably difficult to set . After all the effort required to set it I have caught nothing after two weeks . I bought another trap that worked well and was easy to set - the Smart Mousetrap by Humane Mousetraps . The instructions on the Havahart included diagrams that were too small and too hard to follow . I do not recommend the Havahart at all .
 I purchased 2 types of humane mouse traps . The one that is larger and looks more like an animal cage works much better than this one -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- . This is very difficult to set . There are 3 wires that you have to meet up just so , at an exact angle -LRB- which is not obvious till you putz around with it for a while -RRB- . These wires put gentle tension on each other . The slightest bump to the wires or this trap will spring it , even when just trying to place it on the floor . There is a small plate that tilts inside this trap that you put the bait on . Unfortunately a man 's hand and fingers can just barely fit in the trap to place the bait on that plate . If your bait is not sticky , the table tilts and the bait falls off and the mouse gets free food . What a terrible design . What were they thinking ?
 I puchased the trap , first it was dificullt to set it up and at the same time install tha bate on the tray . This trap has two sides for the animal to enter , and there is only one entrac emight catch the chicmunk , or mouse , the other dor , animal can enter and stand on the trap tray and eat the bate and go out without being cut.Problem
 Though the larger Havahart traps may work , this one is simply too small to get the bait on the tray and for the trap to stay set without accidentally tripping . We 've tried using this on multiple occasions to no avail . I strongly recommend using the old fashioned tried and true traps . If you catch field mice indoors with these traps and then set them free outdoors in the winter , they die and slow and painful death . With the traditional bait and kill traps , at least it 's a quick demise ...
 We could not get the doors to stay open . Any amount of vibration closes them . And I just had to buy 2 of them .
 The first night , our trap snapped shut , forgetting there was to a mouse involved . The second night it caught a mouse , which did n't even say `` goodbye '' or `` thank you '' when I released it outdoors . The third night it remained open , but the cheese was gone.Either the mouse is brilliant or the trap is faulty -- my take :1 . The wire levers are not set correctly , which I tried to correct before the second night and again before the third .2 . Those wire levers do n't stay put , and one slides back out of a little hole designed to keep it and the trap thingamajig in place .3 . We 'll keep playing with it or replace our two kitties , who were eaten by an owl , with another kitty from my daughter .4 . That mouse is pretty darned clever . Or we 're not .
 The rat was able to get the cheese without springing the trap . I give up on the `` humane '' attempt not to kill the rat . I 'm trying T-Rex Rat Traps next .
 i ordered what i thought as represented by the description as a havahart trap instead i got a substitute of a different brand . I then sent it back at my expense and have not received any notification of their receiving of the product . I feel as if I was tricked . I still want a real havahart trap but will wait till the issue is resolved . If a product is not the real deal why are they allowed give the impression that it is .
 These traps are hard to set , if you do get them set chances are they will go off when your placing them on the floor .
 These old traps are lousy . They have n't changed in design at all since I was a child 30-some years ago , and they were lousy then . The trap is difficult to set , being dependent on lining up three wire rods such that each is balanced against one above it . The trap has a hair-trigger that is so sensitive that you can not set the trap before moving it . This presents a problem if your pests frequent and area that is hard to reach . If the animal checks out the trap by nudging it or walking on top of it -LRB- as did our rats -RRB- , the trap will go off empty . It also relies on a silly triggering mechanism
 I had a mouse in my house last winter . I fed him dog biscuts for a couple of weeks , then put a dog biscuit in the havaheart and caught the guy the first night . Another -LRB- or maybe the same ? -RRB- mouse moved in this winter . The trap snapped the first night , but nobody home . The next night , it did not snap , but the bait was gone . I big hands , and find it hard to bait this trap . Also , the setting mechanism is tricky -- I 'm never sure if I have it right , and it often snaps shut as I set it down . Havaheart is probably the best trap for people who know what they are doing , but I do n't . I am going to try some of the other human traps to see if they are easier to use .
 I followed the directions in setting this trap , but the mouse got out somehow . It looks like he sprung the trap , ate some peanut butter , pooped in the trap , and split . Maybe he had wire cutters or was working with someone `` on the outside . '' I think this trap is not well-made , because it really seems to require a lot of bending of the wires to get it to stay set . Also , one of the little wires seems like it would work better if it were as flat as the illustration shows it . Anyway , I 'll try again , I guess , but I 'm not optimistic . I hate to kill the little mice , but I do n't really want to get them used to free peanut butter in my attic either .
 I have yet after two weeks of use caught a chipmunk or mouse in the Harahart 1020 . I also did purchase the Havahart 0745 for chipmunks and squirrels and it works great . It 's like two cages in one .
 I bought this simply because of the reputation Havahart has . The other Havahart traps I own , like the 1025 , is of top quality and made to last a lifetime . When comparing the two , it 's as though they were n't even built by the same company . This model is simply a joke . The sides are so uneven I had to bend them in so that the doors would close without leaving a gaping escape hole . I also had to bend the hatch bars because they would not fall into the fasteners when the hatch was triggered . I did catch one mouse , but without my straightening of the unit it would not have even been functional . -LRB- Note to owners ... you really need to read the instructions on how to adjust the sensitivity before you say it does n't work . -RRB- That makes this unit NOT ready to use right out of the box.Other notes ... There is no handle so you must be careful how you handle it so you do n't get bit by the rodent . The top corners are also razor sharp and you need to be careful not to get stabbed . The corners should have been rounded off for the extra $ .10 in cost.It is important to note that all traps must be cleaned with with bleach and then soap after a catch . The urine and feces detracts other animals since they consider the trap `` marked '' . Based on that point , it is also important to know that cleaning this unit is painful as the windows are unfinished and act as a cheese grader on your hands . Once again , a few pennies should have been spent to finish off the rough edgesHavahart 's build quality with this model is pretty disgraceful . I wish the company would have thought twice before they permitted this cost-cutting AND let their quality control go down the drain .
 This small trap does not work worth a darn . It too easily closes and nothing gets in the trap . Was trying to control mice coming into a veggie garden . Resorted to a better solution . Bad purchase ... . Delivery was excellent on Amazon .
 I 've purchased several human mouse traps in my effort to de-mouse my house , and this was the worst . While I 've had varying degrees of success with the Tip-TrapKness Tip-Trap 109-0-001 Live-Capture Mouse Trapand the Mouse HouseSmart Mouse Trap - Humane Mousetrap - The Havahart trap was hands down the worst of the bunch . I had this trap out for over two months , faithfully baited and daily checked . It never caught a mouse . The trap was invariably sprung each time I checked it , and the bait was gone , but never did it contain a mouse.Additionally this trap is a pain to set up , it 's awkward and bulky and has a hair trigger for springing without cause . The trap itself is overly large for a mouse trap . And if it did ever catch a mouse with its grate sides , you 'd be in for a lot of mouse-mess on your hands as you tried to transport the mouse . Havahart is a poorly designed all around loser .
 I agree with the other reviews that describe this as a finicky trap to set , but after one night of feeding the critters without catching them I eventually figured out how and caught one of the mice that have been living in my kitchen . I heard a `` clink '' as the doors closed and saw the little guy in there . But in the five minutes it took to get dressed and find the flashlight to take the mouse to a nearby park , it somehow escaped . The doors had closed , so there must have been enough space between them and the sides for it to squeeze through . Not an effective trap .
 Seriously does this even work ??? This piece of junk has a two rods attach to each door going over each other . So principle is the mouse will shake the cage and the rods will close the door . But its extremely poor design . Locking mechanism is super hard to set . Sometimes it either gets stuck and does n't close and sometimes it just closes by wind blow . Wasted my money on this piece of junk .
 This cage is very flimsy and only performs per design in the most perfect of circumstances . Not worth your money . Better off purchasing a larger cage .
 It 's quite a shame that I have to write this review - I have many Havahart traps and have used them for many years . I 've always found them to be well constructed , durable , and reliable traps.I recently ordered a number of new Havahart traps to augment some older ones between a few years and a decade old . I was stunned to find the traps non-functional - they were welded out of square . They also reeked of machine oil and were greasy to the touch . Finally , I found them to be made of a much weaker metal - although they appear to be the same gauge steel , even the slightest touch deforms the trigger wires.I finally took a look at the box and found that they are now `` Made in China '' -LRB- contrary to the description on the website which states that they 're made in the USA , as they were for so many years -RRB- . I am extremely dissatisfied , and will be sending the traps back to Amazon for a refund . I 'm also greatly disappointed that a great trap made by a great company has been turned to garbage , probably just to make a few extra cents .
 The Havahart 1020 is advertised here as a Mouse and Rat trap . This incorrectly suggests that this trap is large enough to trap rats . As the written instructions for the product clearly state , this is a mouse trap and the next larger size -LRB- 1025 -RRB- is a rat trap . My rats are happy to crawl in , reach all the way to the back of the cage -LRB- in one-door mode -RRB- and eat the bait and wriggle out again because they are large enough to keep the door propped open the entire time . This trap is not useful for trapping rats . This product -LRB- 1020 -RRB- is a MOUSE trap , NOT a rat trap . My rat trapping is thus delayed in waiting for what turns out to be an inappropriate trap .
 We purchased this human trap to try to capture a mouse we had seen lurking in the yard/porch/crawl space . We loaded it exactly as directed -LRB- which is very very very difficult , partly from unclear instructions and partly because it is easy for human fingers to spring the trap -RRB- . And we gave the mouse free snacks for a week . The bait -- no matter what we put in -- always got eaten , but the mouse never sprung the trap.Maybe it would work for a heavier animal , but the little field mice seem to be just too small to spring the trap . We had , however , EXCELLENT results with a different humane trap shaped like a little green house -LRB- although those results included finding out the mouse had a friend ... or five -RRB- .
 If you are planning on trapping anything bigger than a mouse , get the next size up . I watched the same chipmunk reach into this thing , eat the bait , spring the trap , and back right out on three separate occasions.Don ' t waste your money .
 Item advertised as to be capable of catching and retaining chipmonks . It turned out to be too small . Also the two units were in pieces in the closed boxes . Not easy to fix . Only did one of the two .
 Ok , it 's possible I am setting it wrong so I 'll give it the benefit of the doubt.I setup this trap and the mouse was getting in , licking the bait tray clean and leaving . Mouse got my bait 3-4 times without being caught.Finally I setup the trap only using one door open to make the trap more sensitive , this worked and I caught a mouse.Might be worth a shot if you are having trouble with this trap .
 This trap is a poorly made and poorly designed piece of junk . The trigger mechanism is far too delicate . If you 're not extremely careful , every time you set the trap down the doors will close rendering the trap useless . A strong breeze could set this thing off . In addition , the trigger is so flimsy that it is VERY difficult to set . Save yourself a lot of frustration and do n't buy this thing .
 What a piece of crap this thing is . I could not figure out how to set the bait tray to be level and could not set the trap to be sensitive enough to shut BOTH doors -LRB- not just one -RRB- . -LRB- FYI , I have built radio-controlled kit cars , work on my mountain bike and repair my race car , so , on a scale of 1 to 10 , I consider my mechanical abilities to be about a 7 . -RRB- After all the years that Havahart has been around , I am amazed that this thing works so poorly and has such vague instructions . I tried the humane approach but will stick with my trusty snap traps .
 The trap mechanism design is just terrible . I 've set it out several nights and although the bait is gone the trap failed to trigger . The instructions are terribly drawn and I clearly have n't found the proper way to set it . I have no idea why a trap like this has to be so annoying to set up .
 I am very disappointed in the Felco pruners I bought . I have trouble with them sticking - even though the release is correctly placed and I keep the blades clean . Every time I do a pruning cut , the shears stick closed and do not release , making it necessary to manually spread the blades for the next cut . For the price , I would have expected better performance and am not too enthusiastic about expensive pruners - give me the old cheapies after this .
 forget about SWISSmade product . made in taiwan . sent even without a box . ca n't say anything about a blade for the moment . disappointed ...
 Do n't like bad mouthing a product but when I buy a working tool I have expectations . Had n't used them a week before the blades were dragging and the spring would not return to full open . Annoying when you have acres of pruning to do . I 'm a bit anxious about making any un-directed adjustments to the screws I see . Can just picture parts flying everywhere with no instructions on how to re-assemble . I 'm typical man , so if it came with paperwork of any kind , it went out with the next mornings trash . At the reputation and price I 'd hoped for better . If nothing else label the adjustments .
 My wife Bette has 78 roses in her garden which is in the front yard , back yard and on both sides of our home.For many years she had a Felco F-2 which she loved but somehow she lost it -LRB- she thinks by putting it with cuttings and put them in the trash -RRB- which sounds like something I would do.We went on-line and ordered an F-2 which we recieved and have been trying to work it but it sticks . I have sprayed it with oil several times and it is good for a day of two and then it sticks again.One of the blades has a ridge which is about 1/8 '' wide and 1/8 '' thick . I do n't remember that on the older one -LRB- which she loved -RRB- having that.Very disappointed and as you know `` If momma aint happy , aint nobody happy . `` What is the next step?Howard HochmanP.S . I have an F-3 and am very happy with it .
 Given the high reputation of these pruners -LRB- and the great reviews they got on Amazon -RRB- I decided to invest in them . But as much as I wanted to like them , after six months of use I have to admit I 'm disappointed . The blade has already dulled and shows signs of rust , and the pruners now often stick -LRB- i.e. , do not snap back open after a cut and need to be nudged open -RRB- . I have oiled them regularly and sharpened as well . It 's possible I 'm missing something on the maintenance front . But after only six months one would expect a quality product to work well even with less-than-perfect maintenance , no ? In short , in my experience these have been no better , and actually a bit worse , than the `` regular '' pruners you can buy for 1/3 the price .
 Clearly of quality construction , but far too expensive given options that are available . Mine were stolen from my garage , and I replaced them with a two-piece combo purchased at Costco for $ 19.00 . They come with a life-time replacement guarantee . The $ 19 item cuts just as well as the Felco and is equally comfortable to hold and use .
 I was very disappointed in this . It has high reviews but the item I got was nearly useless . If I cut 4 or 5 stems the plant juices will cause the blades to stick together and I will have to use both hands to force them open . Then the next thing I cut they will stick closed again . Considering the other reviews I can only think that they are making this much more cheaply than they did in the past and the spring that opens the blades is much weaker . Anyway , it is useless . And I even bought the leather sheath for it . Which shows that sometimes even 96 positive reviews can be wrong . And leaves me still needing a decent pruner .
 The Felco pruner is very high quality but sticks together if any decent amount of plant material gets on the blades . I believe this is due to the spring not being strong enough to push back adequately . My old cheap fisker pruner is left outside in the weather all the time and still does n't have any issues with rust or sticking . I find myself using the junk pair more often for small everyday pruning jobs while leaving longer and involved tasks for the Felco . Do n't buy this if you want a convenient accessible pair that is worry free because these have to be constantly maintained , oiled , wiped , and kept indoors . This is the Ferrari of pruners , and with that comes the upkeep.EDIT : Tried to loosen the unit in order to fix the sticking . Looked up videos at the manufacturer website and on YouTube on how to disassemble . The secure keeper bolt was so tight that it was literally impossible to remove , tried everything , even the included tool and Wd-40 , it would n't budge . Returning the item .
 Although these pruners cost over twice as much as I had paid for pruners in the past , I bought them on Amazon , based on the feedback , thinking I had made a long-term investment . Instead , they have been a royal pain to use . The pruner sticks , meaning that I have to use both hands to make them open . In addition , the safety catch sticks and is hard to use . I 've almost cut myself several times as a result.I 've used oil , silicone , WD-40 to no avail . I keep thinking something so well rated will improve but that has not occurred . They certainly were a bad choice for me .
 This is listed as a felco pruner , so I ordered one , however , the pruner I got is NOT Felco . They sent me a pruner made by Zenport Industries in Taiwan . What a ripoff . Please be careful , this is a knockoff of the Felco brand .
 I use well-filtered water and followed the directions to grow herbs and then salad greens . both have failed . why ? white fuzz aka fungus/mold . even tried to pull out any seed casings or seeds that did not sprout to avoid the mold . kept water levels high at all times . even added hydrogen peroxide to the reservoir . failed !! called support at aerogrow and they said they cant do anything about it except send another seed kit and I should disinfect the system again . did disinfect with hydrogen peroxide not bleach for my second planting . very disappointing ... salad greens look like they are limp and dying . roots are becoming brown . mold is greatly reduced however salad greens look sick and dying . will try to plant my third set of seeds after using chlorine bleach this time . very frustrating . no clear answers . would not recommend purchasing the aerogrow . i unfortunately stuck with the pro200 .
 Aerogarden does n't live up to it claims . Plants on outside corners underperform . I contacted Aerogarden directly and they sent me a new pump , which means you have to disassemble the unit and take the plant pods out to install . New pump does n't seem to make much difference . Save your $ and grow your herbs outside during growing season !
 I have had several aerogardens over the last four years . I recently purchased two new 7 pod gardens -LRB- pro 100 -RRB- . Up to this time I was a satisfied customer albeit you have to either read up on what grows best or just practice a lot . Recently I received new universal grow pods that are supposed to fit in all the aerogarden models . Despite what customer service says they do not fit well in my 7 pod . Worse is that the new grow pods do not hold the grow medium near the top of the pod . The new universal pods promote mold and rot and discourage germination . Up to this point I would have highly recommended this product but not now or until they create a better grow pod .
 Well , Aerogrow is sending me another unit . They have already taken the trouble to send me a replacement bowl which fixed the first problem and later , they sent a replacement pump which shut down the entire system . I do n't like contacting them and then getting replacements . My aerogrow setup does not look like the flourishing results at the local kitchenwares store . My consumer experience thus far has stank despite customer service 's efforts to fix the problems . Customer service has remained courteous and attentive . They have mailed out parts promptly but does that buy them my silence ? Well , I can see how the positive reviews are true on this site so make up your mind after reading all of them . Mine is just one experience . I lost money and I lost time and will start all over again once I receive the new unit . If I had ordered through amazon , I would have just returned it for a money refund . So if you want to try hydroponic growing as I did , then go ahead and buy this but I urge you to buy from amazon . Good luck.Here were my issues that were all responded to by aerogrow 's customer service : -LRB- 1 -RRB- I was misled that by ordering directly from aerogrow instead of Amazon at the cost of Amazon 's free shipping , I would become a special customer and receive discounts on future purchases on seeds and more machines . But when I wrote to aerogrow about not receiving any membership packet , I was told that the additional purchases should be made at the time of the initial purchase -LRB- when I have no experience with the worthiness of the aerogrow product -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- aerogrow had to send me a new bowl because when I received the product the red indicator light for low water level was already on and NEVER shut off . Following the suggestions from the phone rep did not solve the problem at all . The new bowl fixed the problem . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Then I realized that deep in the growing period a number of herbs were not growing at all and was told that I had received a bad pump and would have to install a new one that Aerogrow would be sending me and that I would have to start all over again from the beginning with another packet of herbs that would be included in the package . -LRB- 4 -RRB- I unplugged the aerogrow and installed the pump according to the BLURRY pictures on the instruction sheet and now the entire machine will not turn on . Changing the pump is messy and not recommended . Do n't throw away the attaching screw for the old pump because Aerogrow does n't give you anything but the pump and the blurry instructions.The remaining survivors are going to die but that 's okay because I have a brand new packet of seeds and in two months , I MIGHT have herbs , right ? -LRB- 5 -RRB- I put the new plug in today and now the machine wo n't turn on at all . HELP!This product just is n't reliable and it is priced too high to be this risky . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Aerogrow reps always maintained a friendly tone and polite demeanor in dealing with me . However , I still felt wronged . When the replacement never showed up after weeks , I emailed requesting a full refund , offering to ship the machine back to them so they could investigate the problem . They said that I could chuck the old machine , the new one was at the post office because of a wrong address and that they would credit my credit card . I have to check to see if they did . I do n't want another aerogrow anyway .
 The Aerogarden was going great until today when the pump stopped working . I did some searching on the net and found others have the same problem . The pump needs to be replaced , I wrote Amazon to see if they are going to replace or refund my money for the Aerogarden . I am not very happy , especially when many other have the same problem with defective units . Buyer beware , you may want to wait a year or two until they perfect this system . Who want to watch their plants die because of a bad pump , then after they die you have to put in a new pump and start all over again.I do n't think they even tested many of these units before they sold them to the public . How could a problem like this happen to so many people if they did proper testing ? And if they did test them out good , they must not care about selling a quality product.My final thought is it works well at first , but does not last long .
 I received the Aerogarden as a gift . I have a green thumb and can grow anything . I looked forward to having fresh herbs to cook with . There are several things that make this product quite bad .1 . -RRB- The light is a beacon ! The grow light has to be on 14-15 hours a day and is incredibly bright . This wo n't be a problem if you have a kitchen far away from your bedroom but if you have an apartment it will present a problem .2 . -RRB- It does not work . I tried once to grow the herbs exactly as instructed . It did n't work . The plants grew only a little bit and then died after a few weeks . I ordered more seed pods to try again , trouble shooted using the FAQ 's on the Aerogarden website and again the plants grew a little bit and died . I am a gardener the product does not work .3 . -RRB- Complete lack of customer service . I called and emailed trying to get ahold of the company to tell them the product does not work and try to get some support . I got an auto reply from Aerogarden that said `` we are experiencing a high volume of emails and are currently 3 weeks behind in replying '' Well it has now been 2 months and I still have not heard a thing.SAVE YOUR MONEY ! This product does not work .
 I would n't recommend this to anyone . After a few months , I 've harvested about 5 ripe chili pepper , the halapeno has n't done anything , and I 'm about to run out of nutrient . I pulled some of the early sprouts , put them in a pot on my lanai , and they are doing far better than the plants in the 150 dollar machine . Point being , some miraclegrow , a few bucks , sunny spot on the lanai , or just a trip to the grocery store . Waste of money . Update , ran out of nutrients , so am using Fox Farms Grow Big , I now have some chilis showing up in the Aerogarden , the outdoor plant is now 24 '' tall , has well over 30 peppers on it , the Aerocrap has one semi-mature pepper and is 7 '' tall , do the math , not worth it , and made in china , insult to injury.Aloha
 I was really excited about being able to grow garden products in my kitchen all year long . Unfortunately , the results were not what I expected.I started with the standard herb garden . All of the seed pods sprouted on schedule . One of the bulbs burned out within 2 months . Aerogrow guarantees the bulbs for six months -LRB- which , by the way is their recommended lifespan -RRB- , so they sent me a new pair.Now on to the garden products themselves . Do n't get me wrong , they all tasted the way they were supposed to , but there was n't the intensity I would normally get from something grown in the ground . I was hoping that the nutrients that come with every kit would provide the elements needed for the flavor . They did n't . Since then , I 've also tried the cherry tomatoes and the salad greens . In every case , even with normally tasty cherry tomatoes , there was absolutely nothing exciting about the flavor of anything I grew in the garden.I wo n't be using it anymore . I 'll be better off using regular small pots and good potting soil with a little fertilizer.I can understand where hydroponics would be necessary and even taste good in the right situation , but using water exclusively for growing vegetables at home just does n't do it for me .
 I purchased 2 Aerogrow units -- one worked , one did n't . The 800 Aerogrow service number does not respond after many tries . no email response . Amazon of no value in my problem -- just try their circular system which leads no where -- I guess I 'll stick to books -- if I ordered this item from a calalog I 'd have recourse -- thru Amazon I have none.rMaho gardener
 Well , the company DOES state they have a ` germination ' guarantee - if a pod does not germinate , they will replace it free of charge ... The problem is that after following the directions for the peppers - pruning , pollinating , etc - NO PEPPERS ... So I called - they said to totally drain the Aerogarden , which I did , then refill with water and a 1 tablespoon of Epsom Salts - which I did - still NO PEPPERS ; so , I called again - they said , drain again , more Epsom Salts - STILL NO PEPPERS ... . so I called again - they then told me I should just toss the plants and start over - THEY GUARANTEE GERMINATION -- NOT FRUIT !!!! Here is a clue - what if I DO N'T START OVER ... and donate this piece of junk to the Salvation Army ! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT unless you can find the seed pods elsewhere !
 This product rarely works unless you get the seed packs and immediately plant them ... Very expensive , and maybe 50 % of the time , you may or may not get anything to grow . I 've had this for 3 years now and rarely had but a few things grow ... Much easier to go to the garden shop and buy the plants and put them in your garden.I 've had tons of their kits sent to me , and only half of them seem to work ... I 'll call customer service , and yes they will send more ... but by then , the 3 that worked are growing big and you can not start the new ones.Sorry to say , this product is for `` rich people '' who have the time time play . I 'm only wanting to plant foods to eat and survive .
 Three of the seven herbs are not growing and the selection of plants is n't very good , think they should offer single plants .
 I purchased this for my dad as a Father 's Day gift because he likes to cook and he 's always had a green thumb . Unfortunately , it 's been over two months since he had it and nothing ever grew . He followed all of the directions to no avail . I contacted AeroGrow but they did n't seem to care and were zero help . I do not recommend this to anyone , unless you 're one of those people that enjoys throwing your money down the drain ? Instead , if you want herbs for the kitchen , I recommend buying dry herbs . And , if you want to grow herbs -LRB- or vegetables -RRB- then I recommend doing it the old fashioned way .
 I bought this as a Christmas present , thinking it would be a cool way to grow tomatos and jalapenos inside -LRB- I got the Salsa Garden kit -RRB- . One of the tomato plants did n't germinate . Aerogarden was quick to send a replacement , but it was too late to plant it . I ended up transplanting of the seedlings from the side that germinated to the other side.Within a couple weeks , the pump started rattling . I called in multiple times and never got to a live person . Emails went unanswered.Finally a couple weeks ago -LRB- it 's the last week in March -RRB- , the pump started to make so much noise I thought the dishwasher was on ! We finally got ahold of someone at Aerogarden -LRB- we left a message and they called us back a couple days later -RRB- . They said they 'd send a new pump . They also recommended that we switch from tap water to some sort of bottled water.The change to RO water did not help the plants , if anything they really did n't like it.Today the pump finally died . I 've transplanted the plants to dirt , where they 'll likely die . We called AG again , and they said that a pump had been sent and that they would send us another salsa garden kit.To make matters worse , when I tried to pull the pump out following the directions in the manual -LRB- I was cleaning out the basin so it would n't stink -RRB- , the pump cover broke!Ugh!Now I 'm using the grow light to help sprout some new seeds to plant outside in my garden . At $ 150 , it is a heck of an expensive grow lamp!Harvest ? Well , there are about 2 dozen green tomatos and a few ripening ones . We 've only got one pepper that 's growing . Color me disappointed !
 They sell now AeroGarden 6 models with 7 holes for planting and they call it AeroGarden 7 . The problem is that AG6 uses an aquarium-style pump -LRB- that makes bubbles -RRB- which is nosier than the original , AG7 pump which was a motor + impeller and virtually silent.Since the base was clearly labelled as an AeroGarden 6 this makes me believe that they just have a stock of AG6 bases that they want to get rid of ... I tried to get the old base with pump but the customer service was not able to help me on that . They confirmed though their `` upgrade '' : `` We upgraded the Classic Gardens so all would have the same bubble technology operating system . If you received an AG6 base with seven holes for planting , you received the new AG7 . We no longer have the older ones with the pump . The only gardens that have the water pump now are the Extra and Ultra . `` I believe that , by replacing the water pump , the only improvement is to their bottom-line / margin .
 I got my Aerogarden , despite the many bad reviews on the faulty pumps . Ifigured that surely it was n't a widespread problem . I had about a week of happiness , watching most of my plants sprout . A buzzing sound started within 10 days , but it was bearable . In about 15 days , the pump could be heard in the kitchen AND the living room . After 20 days , I had to move the Aerogarden to the only room in the house where there were no occupants most of the day - the utility room . To say it is loud is an understatement . I have called the Aerogarden help line . They told me that they had replaced the pumps with a different kind , since they were having trouble with the old ones . These new ones just were n't working out either , apparently . They would replace mine immediately . I have a black Aerogarden , but the customer service rep told me I could get a white replacement pump faster than a black one !!! I agreed to the white pump , but now I 'm not sure I can wait for even that to come in . I am pretty sure I will have to pull the plug on my garden . The noise is awful , and I 'm willing to sacrifice my herbs for my sanity . They agreed to send me a replacement herb kit for the herbs I will lose . Another problem I have
 I received this product three months ago . The first seeds started to grow then died within a few weeks . The customer service center is taking a month or more to get back to customers . Two months later they say that they will send me a new package of seeds . Great except after one week the bulb burnt out after only a total of three weeks of use -LRB- 2 at the beginning and one this time -RRB- . So , now these seeds are going to fail too . Ridiculous to pay so much for nothing .
 I bought two of these directly from AeroGardens . One with the salad greens and one with the tomatoes . I 've had them for 32 days now , and the greens are about 2 '' tall and the tomatoes show one tomato plant that is no more than 1/4 '' high . I called to do an RMA . I have hydronic -LRB- infloor -RRB- heating , set at 64 degrees , which is very uniform and should not have caused my AeroGrows to fail . I checked the pH and TDS and found that they are way out of whack from what they should be for acceptable levels . I will be building my own hydroponic systems for far less money after this experiment . I am glad I got these on the trial basis which allows you to return them if not satisfied . These may work well in a warmer environment but in the long run , they will not outperform other systems that you can build cheaper and bigger . To the company 's credit , they are paying for the return shipping so I am only out the initial shipping -LRB- about $ 30 -RRB- .
 I 've owned a couple of these for several years , and have had to repeatedly replace the upright support arm -LRB- about $ 15 a pop about once a year -RRB- . The arm has two copper-covered contacts which erode -LRB- NOT corrode -RRB- to the point where the copper covering entirely disappears . The company REFUSES to acknowledge this problem , so I 've left there customer pool for good , and mm spending my time and money researching far , far cheaper alternatives using good old aquarium air pumps and air stones , soda bottles and LEDs -- you can get LED grow lights now that work in regular lamps . -LRB- I 'll probably also try a hack involving the old basins from the AG 7-pod units , but -- now that the upright arms are worthless -- using an external aquarium air pump and air stone , and a separate LED . You can find other self-contained table-top hydroponic systems for less than half the cost of these , if you do n't want to goof around with soda bottles . Yeah , the AGs are spiffy gadgets -LRB- until the copper connections fail -RRB- , but the Customer Service stinks , and you can do everything this does on your own for much , much less cash .
 FixeD the mold issue these units have . Replaced the water with dirt and killed the pump . Now I have a very expensive pot with a light .
 I purchased the 3 pod and bought the salsa garden and after 5 months of care and followed all instructions only two very small tomatoes and one very small jI purchased the 3 pod and bought the salsa garden and after 5 months of care and followed all instructions only two very small tomatoes and one very small jelapino grew and after 5 months I was really Hungary after waiting ... I gave up and now planted the basil and wow it 's growing nice . I would not buy the salsa garden pod but I will buy herbs only . elapino grew . I gave up and now planted the basil and wow it 's growing nice . I would not buy the salsa garden pod but I will buy herbs only .
 I bought this for a gift for my daughter and later she decided to return it . Aerogrow does not accept returns after 30 days ! I can see not accepting seed packets but they wo n't accept the mechanical part - the garden device ! I find that quite customer-unfriendly .
 I ordered an Elite Aerogrow Garden on April 1 , 2010 . My credit card was immediately charged and here it is April 28th and still no Aerogrow ! I have repeatedly called customer service and while the people are quite attentive I have yet to receive a shipping confirmation - no Aerogrow . I am told my product is sitting on a pallet in their shipping warehouse . My , my ... An Extremely disappointed ex-customer
 This product is an awful waste of money !!! It started to sprout within a few days as advertised and that is it . After that the only thing that grew out of this total waste of money were small bugs . The small sprouts died off and the bugs took over . What a shame because this seemed like the perfect solution to my apartment blues . Needless to I threw it in the trash after trying everything but CPR to get one little plant .
 very bad customer service.my mother who is 86 years old bought one for her grandson who happens to be in the Army . She entered the wrong address on the order . She called aerogarden immeidately and Aerogarden customer service told her to order a second one and to fix the address problem on the second order . Aerogarden could have EASILY rerouted the order to the correct address -- she called within 10 minutes of placing the order . They forced her to order a second one and then they made her pay for the freight to return it to them . poor customer service all around . very unhelpful .
 No plural there . One bowl . We used this for 3 months and it 's been collecting dust in the attic ever since . I can see this being an interesting novelty gift for city folk , but that 's it . Truly disappointed .
 Got this for Christmas last year . It drains electricity like crazy - my bill was almost doubled ! In addition , the lights are on in the middle of the night and are nearly blinding . Not worth it for herbs you can easily grow outside in pots .
 I purchased the 7-pod AeroGarden approx . five weeks ago . I immediately set it up which was very simple to do . I inserted the pods and added the water and nutrients tablets as instructed . I saw sprouts take place within a week as expected . I check everything daily anticipating growth ... well this is where we are very disappointed . After five weeks the plants grew to heights of only 1 1/2 inches at best . They seem dormant , stopped growing weeks ago , and basically just quit on me . I followed the instructions and ca n't understand why they quit growing other than maybe the seeds were of poor quality . We have city water which we use on all of our house plants which flurish . So . . needless to say that we are very disappointed . I will go on line and purchase seven more seed pods and hopefully things will turn out differently . By the way ... I do have a green thumb , you should see my garden outside every year ... wow !
 I 'm an experienced gardener but thought I would extend my grow season . Long story short ... paid a LOT for this system , herb plants were so wimpy and weak after two months . called them and was told they had a problem with their nutrient tablets , sent out new ones . One month later , string thin plants , no progress . I purchased new lights $ 20 per set and a new flower kit for $ 25 and continued using distilled water and ... nothing . The new flower kit sent up a few very wimpy flowers , but mainly looked rangy and unhealthy . ONe last try , bought new nutrients and still nothing much.I am trying not to add up the kit , lights , nutrients , distilled water and time that went into a few flowers and a handful of herbs . I grow 100 times that much in pots on my deck.Also , its very important to note that I tried twice to post my reviews on their website and guess what ? Disappeared.They only post top rated reviews , no complaints welcome . Kudos to Amazon , amazing that you can get the true scoop from others instead of a bunch of fake positive reviews , right?Save your money , this is a gimmick ,
 This could have been so cool ! What an awsome idea ! I loved it at first and it worked great , at least for the herbs . The problem is that after just three crops , the pump gave out . But what can you expect when the pump is essentially the same size as an oversized postage stamp ? Total rip-off ... -LRB- and btw , I DID thoroughly clean it and get the stray roots out of the filter so do n't blame the failure on lack of maintenance -RRB- If you 're interested in a small hydroponic garden for the kitchen , I would suggest searching around for some quality units.-johnvisnaskas@yahoo.com
 I have had my Aerogarden for about nine months . I am definitely not impressed . I planted my first set of gourmet herbs which came with the garden , and all I ever got to harvest and use was tons of basil , more than I could ever use , and a little cilantro . The dill , mint , chives , and parsley never grew big enough to use . And I was really looking forward to picking fresh sprigs of mint anytime I wanted to make a mojito . I have been waiting months for that mojito . My results never looked anything like the big bushes of herbs they show on the infomercials . I planted my second round of herbs about 6 weeks ago . This time , most of my herbs did not even germinate . And my pump rattles ridiculously loud . I e-mailed the company and they are more than helpful and are sending out a new seed kit and a new pump . I am not looking forward to installing that pump after reading others experiences . For the money , it is not worth the very small amount of useable herbs .
 I wrote a long review of this product -- I purchased three -LRB- 3 -RRB- -- and then decided it was too long for anyone to wade through . So the following is the Reader 's Digest version : `` YOU 'LL LOVE IT -- OR YOUR MONEY BACK `` That 's what 's in large print at the top of the Aerogarden guarantee . And in the TV ad the founder of the company goes even further and says he 'll even pay return shipping charges.I do n't have my three aerogardens now . To me they 're not worth wasting electricity on . And did Aerogarden refund my money ? No . But they did send me a form-type letter indicating no responsibility on their part because more than 36 DAYS had passed and I 'd purchased the aerogardens from Amazon . SO MY SUGGESTION IS TO READ THE FINE PRINT AND GOOD LUCK !
 I bought this with such high hopes of having fresh herbs all winter -LRB- we successfully grow all kinds during the summer -RRB- and I was SO disappointed ! I followed the directions to the letter and did everything exactly as I was supposed to ... to no avail . Only 3 of the 8 plants even grew and were available to eat and after 3 months they ALL died . Do n't waste your money ... I wish I had n't !
 Little over priced for what it is . The lights are way too bright , so if you do not have a room to put it in , you will get a headache from the light . Where they show it sitting in a kitchen , I believe it to be very impractical.I have n't had mine long enough yet to get any product from it , but the plants are growing nicely .
 After 3 weeks , all that is growing is the two Basils and dill - no sign of anything coming upin the other three pods .
 I wish it were easy for me to get a picture up for this review . The reason is that the mint is gangly to the point that I have not yet harvested it and it has been six weeks . The Cilantro did not even sprout , never mind that one . The dill consists of five little sprites , not exactly harvestable either . The two plants that did well are the regular and the red basil . We have been eating those and they taste good . Overall , I 'd say this thing is a mixed bag . It is very easy to do , yes absolutely . It allows you to grow plants all year long in a controlled environment , yes . Does it work ? In mcase it does not , I 'd say it is pretty bad that it comes advertised a certain way - beautful ful plants and then when you do it yourself and you follow all instructions you will absolutely not get the same results . Personally I think it is not worth it , and I 'd gladly take a refund . By the way , the replacement capsules for your next batch are 20 dollars ! How do you spell rip off ? I 'd stay clear from this one .
 It took 2 kits to get a full garden . Only 2 seeds grew on the first kit . I wrote to aerogarden and they sent me a replacement , told me to use distilled water -LRB- the kit said not to use distilled water , to use tap water -RRB- . I received the replacement kit quickly and was able to get some more growth from new seeds , but took a few more times . There are 7 spots , 2 grew with first kit , 3 more grew with second kit , and 2 more are still waiting on . I like this product , but should be as easy as they said . I really like the customer service that went with the product though .
 I bought this unit on special from Amazon . I have followed the instructions to the letter and after 7 weeks , the only thing that can be harvested is the chives . Dill is doing ok , but looks nothing like the pictures . Basils , mint , parsley and thyme have barely past the sprouting point . I will try one more kit and if this does n't work it is going in the next yard sale .
 This thing is huge . At full height it wo n't fit on the counter under the kitchen cabinets . So definitely think about where you 'll put this before you buy it . Also , the output was n't what I expected . I 've grown the herb kit and the tomato kit . It 's easier to grow tomatoes outside than in this thing . I got a lot of dill from the herb kit , not much else . I do n't even use dill that much . I 'll definitely stick with an outdoor garden next year .
 It sounded neat but it has some major drawbacks . Only 2 weeks after purchasing it the water level low light came on and wo n't turn off . Only half of the pods appear to be sprouting - the others died -LRB- for a $ 20 seed kit I expect all to live -RRB- . The lights are very bright and the motor can be distracting but is n't too bad . Every 6 months you need to replace the bulbs .
 I bought an AeroGarden for my wife back in May . I 'll start with the positives
 Bought a unit for my 80 year old Mother at Christmas . Great for a month . And the pump started making noise . Got so bad she had to turn it off . Emailed the company and they sent a new pump out . That one lasted another month . Noise could be heard all over the house . Emailed company again . No reponse . Called several times . Customer service got back to me and said they had a batch of faulty pumps from China and new ones were arriving the beginning of April . They had been redesigned . One would be shipped by the 15th of April . Its now June 4th and nothing . I have left several messages with customer service . Hoping one of these days someone will call me back and take care of this . With the kits and shipping this cost me over $ 200 . And I am unable to return it since almost 6 months has passed . I should of returned it right away .
 High Promise , Less DeliveryI started growing tomatoes with my AeroGarden about two months ago . I got my first flower a few days ago , the first step towards tomatoes . Unfortunately , the pump on the device stopped working the next day.The FAQ on their web site advises me to open the device , take it apart , and clean the pump . They provide seven -LRB- 7 ! -RRB- pages of instructions to follow and the process requires the use of a flat head screwdriver , small pliers , butter knife and soap . You also have to provide containers to put the liquid in and find a place for the plants that require their roots to be maintained under water . They claim the cleaning will take 20 to 25 minutes on the first attempt.It actually took about 15 minutes to complete , but then my pump was perfectly clean ! The problem was not the pump , the problem was that the root system became so extensive after two months of growing , that the mass of roots blocked the pump intake located at the bottom of the tower.When your pump stops working , I suggest before you go to the bother of taking the pump apart , that you first try trimming the root system around the bottom of the pump tower . That is a MUCH EASER REPAIR compared to taking the whole thing apart . At any rate , I put everything back together , and the pump now works.I have several suggestions for AeroGarden management . Number one suggestion , do something about your NON RESPONSIVE CUSTOMER SUPPORT . Perhaps they answer the phone , but if you send them an email , do n't expect a response . Its been one week since I sent them a question about the pump failure ... no response to this date . Email communications is worthless with this company , so if you need help , call them . From what I have read about their phone customer service , you might want to have a few snacks at hand and use a speaker phone so you can do other things while you wait.Number two , I suggest that management learn a bit about a concept called `` Maintainability '' . Its related to designing a product so its easy to maintain . Apparently the pump on these things need to be maintained . A little point that is not mentioned in the sales literature . Having to take the thing apart to get at the pump so you can clean the filter is silly and reflects a lack of design competence . It would be a cinch to design something better this . I hope potential competitors are listening.Number Three , add to your pump failure instructions the fact that the root system could be blocking the water intake at the bottom of the pump tower . If your pump stops working , the first thing you should do is to move the roots away from the bottom of the pump tower . You can trim the bottom of the roots with a scissor if you are careful . If that works , you have just saved yourself a lot of trouble that you did not need to go through.Number Four , the growth feeding tablets are hydroscopic . That means they attract water . Keeping them in the little plastic bag provided will , in time , result in their merging together into a large amorphous mass . Management should provide a more water vapor resistant plastic vile to keep the growth feeding tablets in . Of course , that might cost five cents , so its not likely going to happen . So at the minimum , I suggest that users of the thing supply the necessary vile.In Summary , we have an intriguing product , where little attention has been devoted to maintenance design . We have incomplete instructions with respect to trouble shooting in the event the pump stops working . We have non responsive customer service , so if you do have a problem , and you expect to save your current plants , you are pretty much on your own.By the way , why is this thing called an `` Aero '' garden ? Its a hydroponics garden so it would seem that `` Aqua '' or `` Hydro '' or `` H2O '' garden would be a more appropriate name.Would I recommend it ? I bought the device because I wanted to learn more about hydroponics gardening . I expected little , so my expectations were met . Its a thought provoking gadget , but given all of the faults in conjunction with non responsive customer support , I have to rate it more in the un-met promise category ... that 's two stars . I ca n't justify higher ratings when you have a company that provides customer service at this level of ineptitude.Additional Info as of August 2008I have tried an additional Cherry tomato crop -LRB- see my review of the cherry tomato seed kit -RRB- . Based on Amazon seed kit reviews , it appears that about 70 % of the tomato seed kit reviews are negative . So its not just me . My second batch of tomato 's consists of a few marble sized yellow tomatoes , and NO red tomatoes . I am out of nutrients , and I am not going to pay AeroGrows inflated price for more nutrients . I suggest that the cherry tomato kits have a limited shelf life and that AeroGrow is ignoring that . What else can explain 70 % negative reviews under controlled growing conditions ? Save your money and do n't bother with the Cherry tomatos unless you are willing to throw the dice . I am going to try an herb kit next . If it does not do better , I will probably take the thing apart and redesign it correctly .
 I received a 7 pod aero garden a couple years ago as a Christmas gift . For 2 years I really liked it . I had fresh herbs all winter long it was great . Then last Christmas I received more seeds to plant . I got the seeds all ready and plugged in the Aero garden . It was broke and unfixable and the warranity had run out . I really would like another one but it is not worth the money for just 2 years .
 They 're certainly designed like razors , you pay for a lot of unnecessarily hard to replace parts . As far as I see it here are the major issues with the unit :1 . Undersized failure prone pump . We had and have pump issues , a lot of the reviews here mention it , and even their website is once again backordered . If they 'd gone with even a slightly larger pump they 'd have only a fraction of these issues . The filter is also directly placed against the pump , this dramatically drops it 's efficiency and means the slightest amount of debris will completely obstruct the pump .2 . Underpowered lighting that forces you to either stick with the fixed times hardwired into the unit -LRB- computerized ! -RRB- or buy an additional cord , because other than using a non-standard fitting -LRB- so you have to buy another cord -RRB- the lights themselves plug into rather specialized fixtures which mostly eliminates your ability to just swap BETTER units in . The lights that come stock are neither particularly efficient or very high in output.There 's no easy solution for the pump issue , the quality control on them is so poor it seems to be a very hit or miss prospect to find one that works long term . The lighting is also an issue , as you 'll be seriously restricted in what plants you can grow well with fixed photoperiods and relatively low light intensity.Overall I would not recommend this unit to anyone . There are far better designed and less failure prone systems that have already been on the market for years . The general design & build reminds me of the `` sharper image '' gadgets that would fall apart the 2nd time they were used seriously .
 Mine just arrived a couple of days ago , so plants have n't grown yet . However , just wanted to share how important it is to have the right place for the thing . The lights are VERY bright , and you 'd need to have a huge kitchen counter to place it on . It is bigger than I expected , and kind of intrusive . If I had seen it in person , I would not have bought it . Measure your space carefully before buying , and consider having very bright light almost all the time !
 I loved the idea of this but my white colored model turned a bright and very ugly yellow with one grow period . it looks revolting . I contacted the company and they refused to simply replace the top piece which had yellowed like this with one season of normal usage . . I am very disapointed with bot the customer service support as well as the quality of the item .
 This product I bought last August and after 5 months it worked well , but after this it had broken and the assistence is even worst . Too bad for the brand that has good items on their portfolio .
 Worked well for a spell . I understood it had a lifetime warranty . I have made 3 attemts to make a warranty claim . Try this
 Great nozzle if you plan on using it for a few days , because after that it renders itself USELESS !!
 Anybody who has a key lime tree will recognize that this is a lime , not a key lime ! Key limes are yellow , not green!So would you buy any other plant from somebody who does n't know a key lime from a lime ?
 I just purchased 3 of this item and when it arrived -LRB- shipping was okay -RRB- the products that I received were not as pictured . The main reason for me ordering this item is because the photo looked exactly like the Ratchet Anvil Pruner that I had lost , which was purchased from a company named Florian . Upon further investigation I realize that the Anvil Pruner which arrived is what is described in the written portion of this ad ... however , when you look at the photo , it is clearly a ratchet type of pruner ... I am trying to return it to Hocking Valley Supplies , but they do not take direct calls ... I can only hope that they return my call .
 I broke the carrier after 1 week of use . Straps are not strong enough . The product would be much better if they looped one continuous nylon strap around the bottom of the carrier , large enough to form the handles .
 This carrier is less than half the size of a similar one I used to have that carried full-sized logs . This one is so small , only kindling for a standard size fireplace would fit in it .
 When it arrived I was suprised at how small it was . It looked nice , but was obviously intended for logs that were less than 12 inches long , or they would tip out one way or the other . I ended up buying a much larger one for $ 2 more , well worth the money to be able to carry double the load .
 I bought this for my son-in-law who thought it was fine but the one I have is much wider and I think better for carrying wood .
 I ordered this carrier despite reviews that mentioned its small size . Big mistake . It is much much smaller than it appears in the photo . I am returning it for a larger carrier .
 This product gives new meaning to `` Made in China '' . The quality of the materials is so inferior I ca n't beleive Amazon even carries it as a product . The leather straps were so thin & flimsy that one broke -LRB- not detached - but accually broke in two ! -RRB- after the third time I used it . This `` log '' carrier might be OK for carrying kindling , but definitely not split firewood .
 This product is put together well but is 3 + inches narrower that the one shown in the product picture . It will still do the job but it would be better if an accurate picture was used .
 While this item will work for me it is much smaller -LRB- and less expensive -RRB- than the log carrier that it is replacing . I would say this is the size needed for wood being carried inside for a small wood-burning stove/heater or old-fashioned pot-bellied stove . I would not use `` log '' in the title .
 This fryer is junk , to begin with it was short parts and the pans were bent because of shabby packageing and cheap box . When cooking with it you have to keep adjusting the heat as it wo n't hold an even tempature , one pan will get hot and the other too cold , you adjust it and it goes the other way , one reason for this is the paper thin pans that wo n't hold any heat . The directions for assembly are very scant . Again this fryer is junk , I will not recommend to anyone .
 If you 're looking for a `` quick '' summary , it 's this
 Got the Gilmour quick connect at Lowe 's , and they are brass plated , so they look like brass in the package . But they are really light , and as soon as you start using them the ball bearing keepers start wearing into the male connector , and you can see that it is actually made of a silver colored metal that is very soft . I do n't think they will last long.But when new , they do work well .
 On the surface these connectors appear to be very well made . Do n't be fooled ; they leak because the male connector wobbles in the female recepticle . To make matters worse , you must use Gilmore washers in these . The Gilmore washers are oversized and will not fit standard American hose connections . Do yourself a favor and buy Nelson ; they may also be made in China too -LRB- I do n't know -RRB- but at least they work !!
 WATCH OUT BUYING THESE ... I have used them for quite a while and used to like them a lot ... . but bought some new ones lately and they LOOK LIKE BUT ARE NOT BRASS ... I think the Chinese are pulling one over on Gilmour and making them out of aluminum or pot metal with a brass coloring . . They fused themselves to my faucets and hoses buy electolysis . BE CARFUL BUYING THESE AND LOOK THEM OVER CLOSELY The aluminum ones have a little funny coloring and are lighter in weight than the real brass ones .
 I bought several of these thinking they looked like good quality . And they are , very good quality , do n't leak and not too big . But the little buggers are impossible to unsnap while connected to the homes . The problem is , the rubber collar is too small to get a good grip on it -LRB- esp with wet fingers -RRB- . Coupled with the undersized collar , the spring tension is way too high . I ended up unscrewing the fittings from one section of hose every time I needed to separate them . -LRB- * So what good is a disconnect if you ca n't get it to disconnect ? -RRB- I took them off and went back to a screwed connection until I can find something that is easy to use.Not recommended as far too difficult to separate once connected to the hose .
 I bought several sets of this disconnect with shut off valves . They have leaked since the day I bought them . If you move the hoses around enough it has been possible to stop the leaks sometimes . I bought these to replace the cheap plastic one that I have used for a number of years . I 'm going back to them - they only leak about 10 % of the times they are mated . Save your money and buy cheap plastic ones .
 I 've purchased these Gilmore brass hose connectors for over three years and found repeatedly that the black plastic ring on the female connector -LRB- the ring you retract to release the connectors -RRB- becomes brittle and cracks/breaks off after about one year . This makes this piece of the connector useless . I invested in the good Gilmore brass connectors -LRB- Gilmore makes an identical less-expensive aluminum connector -RRB- because I wanted connectors I could use year-after-year . I 've found myself replacing most of them the second season of use . I contacted Gilmore customer service with this problem and never received a response . This year I began buying the Orbit brand brass hose connectorsOrbit Brass Hose Quick Connect Set 58117 . These seem to be interchangeable with the Gilmore connectors , so I can continue using the hardware I already have . The plastic collars on the Orbit connectors are a harder material that looks significantly stronger than the Gilmore product . Orbit also uses an `` O '' ring seal that I believe is superior to the design of the Gilmore product . I 'll have to wait and see how long the Orbit connectors last . But I 've found the Gilmore connectors usually stick around on average only about 18 months .
 I had high hopes for this highly rated hose quick connect set . The product looked well made and the rubber collars seems a nice way to protect the fittings and make it easy to use . Unfortunately the rubber collars are the downfall of this product . During installation the rubber easily slipped off the knurled base on both the male and female fittings . When trying to connect the two the rubber collar on the lock ring would slide forward and block any connection unless you made the effort to push the collar back into position and connect your end device at the same time . If the rubber portion of the product had stayed in place this could have been a great product .
 I 've used Felco shears for years and finally had to buy a new pair . They are almost unusable . The shears stick , such that I have to force them open each time I make a cut . Clearly the cutting blade has been poorly ground . I should have returned them , but needed them immediately , so instead I 've taken them to a sharpening service to make them operational . What has happened to Felco ? I guess Swiss precision is n't what it used to be .
 These sheers work great when they are new . I bought one of these in a fancy nursery in Santa Barbara where I was told they would last em a life time . Yes , They cut through things beautifully even when you have a a bunch of branches adding up to half an inch and sometimes 3/4 '' . But the honeymoon lasts only a month or two even for lite use at home . They become rusty very quickly . The blade on the one I got became black with rust after a year and I stopped using it after that . I have bought cheap sheers from the 99-cent store that have not rusted at all under similar use . I just bought a new Felco last month and have been keeping the blade edge dry by wiping it and sharpening the blade once a week . I have used it on cut flowers inside the house only and it is already rusty . The rust does not come off easy . There are youtube videos on dismantling , oiling , cleaning and sharpening these but I think either Felco 's were always over-rated or they have gone down in quality .
 As Felco as such an excellent reputation , I expected higher quality . The blades became dull almost immediately though the pruners were only used for `` light duty '' . Within a couple of months the blades were rusty AND dull , so when the spring popped out and disappeared into the garden I said , `` to heck with it ! '' and went to Wal Mart where I spent less than $ 10 for a pair that are serving me nicely their second year . I dunno -- others LOVE their Felcos . Go figure .
 less than 2 weeks the silver part between the two handles fell off ... can I find it -LRB- NO -RRB- -- is it under warranty ?? will I have to pay for a part that is defective , probably ... will let amazon know and will see what happens ...
 Spring broke first use . Hard to get parts and warranty is no good.Works ok but not any better than others .
 I also bought the penguin head open mouth and I have to say it 's so much more realistic than the alligator . I had some friends visit my lake recently and no one even asked what a penguin was doing in Florida . I mean , it looked so natural . Even the pelicans did n't shy from their business on the alligator so I had it removed after a few weeks . But the penguin stays . No one touches the penguin .
 I 'm sorry , but I have to disagree . Based on the above-listed review , I ordered this item without delay , and I have to say , this so-called `` Alligator Head Open Mouth '' , is by far the worst Alligator Mouth I have ever purchased . For that matter , it may even be the worst * Animal * Mouth I have ever used . I have been using this particular Mouth now for about a week , and it has given me nothing but trouble . It will be a long time before I blindly trust another user review on Amazon like this .
 What amazes me about this OUTDOOR water timer is their warning
 I agree with the other reviewers that this item performs -LRB- when it performs -RRB- as an excellent garden spray device . With the long wand it is great for reaching hanging flower baskets , flowers under the deck , and , other places needing a long reach . When it works it produces a nice gentle spray - excellent for flowers.However , this item is poorly constructed , and , will malfunction with no provocation . The design is such that it ca n't be fixed . You have to throw it away as soon as one of the parts misplaces itself from a chance squeeze of the handle or some other slight circumstance.I purchased it thinking that for a `` deluxe '' price , I would receive a `` deluxe '' item.This item was non-functional after about two weeks of light use . The trigger froze . The trigger froze open , and , the resulting water pressure popped off the head.I see this in many products . What is happening is that these products are designed by mechanical engineers completely on computers . They email the resulting design file to a manufacturer in China . The manufacturer puts it into a computer controlled plastic mold machine which produces the parts . They are assembled . A prototype is sent back to the engineer , who tests it for a few minutes , makes any adjustments to the design , then emails the final product to the manufacturer and production begins with no other testing.The result are substandard products that are designed to sell , but , not to last , or function as they were intended.Save your money . This item , because of its flimsy design and materials , is a throwaway.I recommend a Toro 36 '' or 21 '' instead
 I bought my first one of these because I loved the squeeze trigger and I figured yeah it cost allot more but I get a lifetime warranty.Stupid thought No 1 . -RRB- With a lifetime warranty it will last a minimum of 5 years right . If it does n't I bring it back to HD right . It lasted 9 months -LRB- 4 months of use -RRB- before the trigger started to leak which is great if you want to water your shoes.I take it back to HD ... - sorry sir you need to mail it back to the Gardena with the original receipt . I do n't have the receipt ... sorry sir I wish I could help you - can I register the product online so I don ' need the receipt ... no you ca n't sir.Stupid though No. 2 -RRB- I 'll take it apart and fix it . I send Gardena an email asking for a parts break down . No response . Something that is glued together has no screws is not made to come apart . I try anyways , never got as far as trying to find parts before I broke it.Stupid thought No. 3 -RRB- I did just what the manufacture know stupid people like me will do I bought another one for $ 45 thinking the first on must have had a bad seal.It started to leak the same way as the first one after 14 months -LRB- 5 months of use -RRB-
 I had a similar experience to J. Preston and John Taylor . I 've had a dozen or so of these Gardena hose wands over the last 10 years . They 're good for a year or two of year-round gardening in Southern California and the parts are interchangeable which probably gives me a couple of years of use from each one . They 're expensive but so convenient to use that I put up with the extra cost . Now the wand has been redesigned with forceful and gentle watering heads . The idea is good but the ends blew off after a couple of weeks . I was able to find the parts and put the head back together the first time it happened . The second time the strainers were lost in the bushes and there was nothing I could do but discard the 36-dollar mistake . Preston 's theory about manufacture in China sounds plausible .
 Kinks easily , hose came off connector after ~ 1 hour of use . Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too expensive for the medium quality .
 I had basement work done that involved digging up my entire yard , so I had no yard until reseeding in the fall . Anticipating that mowing would begin that fall , I bought the RL 850 Robomower in June . Seeding took place in September , and I eagerly began to try out my new mowing toy in October . I 'll describe the entire process I went through to date : Laying the perimeter wire was a major project , since I have a large size yard with several trees , a shed , and a rock garden island . I think that even if I simply laid out the wire around a rectangle box of a yard , the provided pegs and wire would n't be enough . I ultimately ended up ordering one extra roll of wire and four bags of pegs to get my front , back , and sides of the yard securely wired . -LRB- You 'll want more . Trust me . See the very bottom of this review for more information ... -RRB- I also ended up buying a 3-inch edger to get this job done without killing my knees and back . At that , it took three weeks of evenings to get everything in place and securely pegged down , with dirt wheeled in to fill in the edging.Once all wiring was in place , we eagerly watched the mower do its thing . It was quite a spectacle to the neighbors and even the UPS man , watching this little mower do its thing in the front yard . Sure enough , it zoomed this way and that , back and forth , staying within the wire and fairly well covering the entire front yard . It does seem to be less generous with cutting tighter quarters . I have a tree that 's about 5 feet from my sidewalk and driveway , and that area invariably gets neglected by the robomower . I just manually run it over that area , which does n't seem like a big deal -- except that I have a few areas like that between the front and back yards . Anyway , it mows , and does a decent job of getting most of the area cut.Right away , though , we noticed that the cut was n't as short as I 'd like . My neighbor was chatting over it and agreed that it hardly looked like it removed any grass last fall when we first ran it . We adjusted the height , which made no difference . An online investigation indicated that the mower comes with high-cut blades , and if you want a closer cut , you have to order the low-cut blades separately . So , we ordered and they arrived a couple of weeks later , and the yard was cut more to my liking.If my robomower continued as it did last fall in October when cutting my lawn , I 'd indicate we 're happy with this purchase . It is n't holding up , and it 's only April of the following year -- 6 months after I began using the mower . To put this in better perspective , I mowed my tender new grass 2-3 times in late October just because I was eager to use my new electric mower gadget . Living in Kansas , it got cold and even snowed , so the mower was safely stored in my garage through the winter months in early November and not in use ... I got it out three weeks ago for the first mow of the spring , and right away , I noticed it running somewhat sluggishly when manually moving it to the yard to start mowing . I set it up , turned on the perimeter switch , and let it do its thing , and the robomower nicely cut my side yard , which takes all of one hour . No problem so far , I thought.Then I moved it to my front yard and let it mow that zone . It got about half way through the front yard before it died entirely and I had to literally drag the mower to the garage to plug it in -- only a half hour after it began cutting the front yard . When it died , it died completely . There was no juice left to move it to the garage or even to turn it on and begin to head in that direction.I thought , maybe the poor thing is just sluggish from having been stored for the winter , etc. . I recharged 24 hours , babytalked to the thing , and set it out on the front lawn to begin mowing again . It finished the front lawn , which takes 80 minutes , and then I moved it to my back yard to start in . It died within 20 minutes , although this time it had enough remaining juice to limp along to the garage for recharging.Today , I brought it out to the back yard to try again . Just over an hour into the mowing process , after a full day 's charge , it died again . This time completely . I had to drag the power charger cord and an extension cord out to resuscitate it before I could move it back to the garage again for recharging . Grrrrr!I checked my battery stats setting on the mower , and it looks like the mower got all of 24 hours of use from the original battery it came with before it essentially wasted away . Given the size of my yard , it 'll probably take four days of single hour-long mowings before I can get hte entire back yard mowed . Unfortunately , it 's not like the mower can tell where it died out and quit mowing each time , so when I return it to eh yard to restart , it ends up going back to places it had already mowed.Obviously , I 'm an unhappy camper . Based on the many reviews I 'd read prior to buying the robomower , I opted for a second battery which was purchased at the time that I bought the mower itself . I had envisioned that I could charge one while the other was on the mower . Unfortunately , I did n't buy the special external cord to charge it . It 's still in the box as I type this . Looks like it was a good thing to have prebought , since the old battery will be going back as soon as I can reach tech support for a warranty claim.I 'll keep you posted on how Friendly responds to my inquiry about a warranty claim . At this point , I 've socked a lot of money into a mower that fizzles after a single hour , and whose battery died after 24 hours of total use . Clearly , this product is not ready for primetime . Unfortunately , since I invested all of my mowing dollars into buying this thing in good faith , I 'm going to have to go through the warranty folks to get this resolved so it 's up and functioning right away.About the need for more pegs
 In writing this review I have very mixed feelings and buyers remorse.First I would say that if you expect great customer service from the the manufacture , your not going to get it . I expected a vendor return with my product as it is defective , but the vendor is absolute in me sending it in for warranty work . After dropping a buck and a half you 'd think they 'd be concerned about reviews and such , but I guess not . Their stance is that it has a two year warranty and that how it should be handled.The reason I have mixed feelings is that my mom has the mower with no issues , in fact she is the reason I purchased it , but I see a train wreck coming and things for me usually only get worse with defective product ... I THINK I GOT A LEMON.Thank god for Amazon as they are taking a return !
 I bought one of these a little over two years ago . Within the first 90 days , it had to go back for a warranty transmission repair . After I got it back , it ran the first season with no other problems.Last year , while sitting in the garage attached to the charger , the drive wheels started turning , and it tried to push its way through the garage wall -LRB- completely ignoring the bumper interlock , which under normal circumstances disables the drive wheels -RRB- for an hour or more before I heard it and removed the battery . As a work-around , I started charging the battery outside of the machine . It continued to work for the rest of the season.This year , it started quitting after 20-30 minutes of run time . I thought the battery pack had gone bad , but every time it did this and I checked on it , the display was completely blank instead of displaying the normal `` recharge battery '' message . I found that it would run for its normal 2 + hours if I ran it after the sun was almost down . Perhaps the control/display panel shorts out when in direct sunlight . No problem , I can mow at night . It 's quiet and does n't bother the neighbors.This week , I took the battery off of the external charger and placed it in the machine . It beeped , but would n't complete the boot-up sequence . I checked all the fuses , and everything else I could think of , all to no avail . I loved `` Beetle '' and wish that there was a network of repair techs instead of only one or two centers in the US that can repair these machines . It would cost nearly $ 100 for round-trip shipping just to find out what the problem is.Sadly , I bought a reel mower for $ 80 to replace it .
 Many of these reviews seem to be from recent purchasers . I 've owned a RL1000 for 2 years now and I thought people could benefit from a more experienced owner.In 2 years I 've had to replace the power supply 3 times and the docking station board 3 times . Both these components are about $ 100 once you get done with shipping and such so you 'll need to budget about $ 300 a year in maintenance costs . This is n't including the 2 sets of blades I also bought . -LRB- By the way , do n't bother with the `` deep cut '' blades , they do n't mulch any better than the regular blades . -RRB- None of the components on this system were designed with durability in mind . I had 1 of the docking station boards fail after 2 -LRB- count 'em 2 -RRB- days . The service for these units is terrible , simply terrible.Finally , last week , one of the drive wheels failed and it just kept driving around in a circle . I 'm not going to spend any more money on it , so I bought a lawn tractor.Even when things are not breaking down , its operation is problematic at best . It is not something you can let run unattended . The first season the unit kept leaving the perimeter area . Had to call 3 times before anyone could tell me how to correct that issue -LRB- sensor needed adjustment -RRB- . The unit would also get stuck a lot . More often than not , I would have to go out and move it away from an area that is was bogged down in.I ca n't recommend this product to anyone . Which is really a shame because when it does work , it kept the grass looking very good .
 About a month after the warrantee expired so did the mother board in this mower . I am not happy about that . It sat in my basement all season last year and I now mow again with a conventional electric mower . It works great when it works but when it goes bad it just turns in circles and that 's the end of that . Anybody want a good deal on this unit to fix it ? I ca n't afford a new board right now .
 Well I must say that I was lured to the thought of a mower cutting the grass while I was doing other things . You can say I was like a Greek sailor and the Robomower was the Sirens . Anyone who knows Greek mythology knows that the Sirens lead Greek ships into the rocks and sent the sailors to their death . Tis the story with the Robomower.For the high price of this mower I expected it to last more than 3 years without a major repair . My blade motor went out just after three summers of use . Since I live in Michigan my mowing season is quite short . Of course the mower is out of warranty . The cost of shipping for the repair and the repair itself is not a cost effective choice . I could purchase a low-end gas mower for the same amount.Seems to me the technology has a little ways to go yet . I wish you luck if you choose to purchase the Robomower . For me I am going to wait until they are better built . My recommendation is you do the same .
 I purchased the RL800 in April 2003 from Amazon , hoping to get out of mowing the lawn . I ended up wasting lots of time and money on this useless device instead . My original review for the mower was actually positive . It worked well for the first summer and I did n't mow the lawn once with my push mower . I even recommended it to my coworkers . But the following spring , we got a lot of rain which caused the ground to get saturated . The robomower wheels lost traction in the wet grass and kept getting stuck in the middle of my lawn . I had to go out to push it along at least 5 or 6 times . I would have been better off taking my push mower out and mowing it myself , which is what I did until the ground dried up . Once summer came around , I brought the robomower out hoping it would perform like it did the year before . Wrong again ! After less than 2 hours , the battery ran out of steam . The robomower is EXTREMELY slow so 2 hours is nowhere near enough time to completely mow my lawn . And yes I did read the manual on how to properly maintain the battery . I constantly charged it even while not in use . And during the winter if temps fell below 0 degrees , I was instructed to remove the battery and place it inside somewhere dry , which I did . Hoping to salvage use for the robomower , I purchased a second battery and the rapid external charger this year . I manually mowed my lawn with a push mower for the beginning of this year while the ground was too wet for the robomower . Then when it dried up enough , I decided to let the robomower take over . I unleash it on my lawn and 20 minutes later it stops . The robomower was beeping with the error `` Check Power '' message on the controller . I bring it back in and try charging it , but the error does n't go away . I plug the power supply into another power outlet on a different circuit breaker and get same error . I put in my second battery and still same error . I end up calling tech support for assistance . Coincidentally , the 2 year warranty just ended in April so I was one month passed it . Their diagnosis was possibly a bad power supply and/or bad controller . When I asked if they could help me fix it , they told me not without getting charged even though I was only a month out of warranty . Keep in mind , I would have found out sooner about the problem if the robomower worked properly when the ground was a little wet . Thanks Friendly Robotics ! So do n't make the same mistake I made . Just mow your lawn yourself like I do now .
 Make sure you read all of this review before making your decision . Anyone can buy a new car , toy , or appliance and be happy the first few weeks . It 's the time factor that you need in making an intelligent decision about a product . Just how long does it last . That 's why I try to make sure I update my review throughout the life of the product.I have had my robomower for 3 weeks now and I love it . No more taking allergy medication before mowing for me . You put it in a dry place , let it charge and then set it out on its own . It took a good 2 days to install and it includes everything to get you running . The kit includes 200 stakes , charger , 500 feet of wire -LRB- if you need more you can use 14 guage - 500 feet - $ 20 from hardware store -RRB- , signal unit and two signal unit connectors.It 's controlled by the installation of the wire around the perimeter of your yard . The mower will only run inside the wire . You can also break your yard into sections and put it in that section , moving it from each section when it finishes . The wire can be buried or installed with the small stakes included . Once you install the wire you connect the signal unit to the two ends of the wire from the perimeter to a small unit that sends a signal around the wire . Once the wire is installed you simply use the hand unit that looks like a ninetendo controller to drive the mower to it 's starting position . Starting the mower is even easier , just press the `` Go '' button on the top of the unit . The mower will start by cutting around the perimeter of your yard following the wire . Then it will stay inside the wire and go back and forth cutting the grass . It makes a shape like a bunch of W 's connected -LRB- WWWWWWW -RRB- when it cuts.As you can see from the picture it looks like a little toy space ship . Little toy !? Do n't let this fool you . This thing weighs in at a little over 100 pounds and it has some torque to go with it . If you have holes in your yard you may have to fill them in , but they will have to be pretty deep before the mower will get stuck . The wheels are adjustable and the higher setting does make it easier for it to pull out of tough situations . I was worried that my yard might be a little steep , but the mower really surprised me . The cut was clean and my lawn has never looked better . The neighbors are trying to keep up with me now.As I mentioned , it has a small removable control that looks like a Nintendo game controller that you can use to drive it around your yard . I did find the controls to be a bit sluggish and if you are not careful you will find yourself pressing on the controller pretty hard . This may lead to unusual wear on the control and I could see myself taking it in for a repair.I guess you may be wondering what this thing uses to cut . Well , there are three tungsten blades that make a low humming noise , but it 's so low that you can carry on a conversation while it passes you in the yard . I had one neighbor comment that it was great that it was so quiet . I have put robo out late at night before to cut until 1a . m . The neighbors did n't even know that I had it out . So far it 's cut the yard nicely . Although I imagine that you will have to buy a set of blades every year . I 'll update this on the price later.The first couple of weeks I had to put the mower out almost everyday for the whole week so it could get all the grass cut . It has to run over the tall grass a couple of times , but it eventually got it all . I do wish they would put a sensor on the mower so it knows when it hits a clump of tall grass and would cut in a square or circle for a few minutes.I would also recommend robo owners to put their mower out at least once a week . I noticed that the dandelions , which are usually a pretty tough weed , were only cut if they were less than 4 inches tall . Dandelions will grow pretty fast and can be 7 inches in no time.I also had a little trouble with the charging mechanism . It has an LCD window on the controller that tells you when the unit is fully charged . I put the unit on charge and checked it again after 24 hours , it was still telling me that it was charging . I checked with the manufacturer . They told me that it was known to happen and that it could be considered fully charged after 24 hours . After I unplugged the mower it showed on the controller that the battery was full , but the mower did not run the full 4 hours . Since my grass was completely cut I let it charge over the weekend . This time when I checked it the Ready indicator was showing in the window.If you do not like mowing your yard , get a robomower . I would recommend it to anyone . You may want to hurry since they are discontinuing the 800 series . The new 850 & 1000 are almost double the price , but they do charge themselves which makes not mowing even better . ---------------------------------------------------- June 24 , 2004 -- Well into mowing season in NC.The mower is doing great , although I have noticed a few sqeaks as it 's running . I put it out every other day and let it run . I have noticed it being a little sluggish in thick bermuda grass , but I would have trouble pushing a mower through that stuff myself.I also found out that you can replace the controller . It seems here is a small cover inside the controller tray that is removable . The controller plugs into the unit with a small plug that looks like a phone jack . Now I can replace it if needed.The only other thing that I 've noticed is that the charge time is around 36 hours instead of 24 . The charger that comes with the mower is a trickle charge and does n't put out much power . There is a fast charger but I do n't think it 's worth it.Sept 16 , 2004 - Hope this is n't a sign of the future --------------------------------------------- Had to take the mower in for service . There is a sensor on the front wheel that detects if the front of the mower has been lifted . Mine is saying that the front wheel is off the ground when it is not . I just talked to the repairman the other day . He tells me that he put a new front wheel sensor in and it was n't the problem after all . Now he is replacing the main motherboard . It 's been 2 weeks now so my grass is getting pretty high with all the rain we have been having . I hope this is just a fluke of my luck . I would hold off on buying one until you see how my story ends . I 'll post an update when I get the mower back . I only have a couple more weeks of mowing.October 1 , 2004 ------------------------------------------------------- Just got off the phone with the rep from friendly . He is telling me that the part for my mower should be here by next Wed. . Today is Friday . They knew at the first of the week that the main board was bad . It looks like it 's going to be a month before they can get my mower fixed . I understand that they are working with the local shop to make sure I get the part even though the shop should be going through their parent company . I also understand that it would have taken longer had it not been from Robomower company stepping in.Final words
 Yep I 've tried this and it just wo n't do a REAL QUALITY job especially with tough lawns that have thick grass . I even had an electric in 1963 using a 12V battery and it still was n't powerful enough to do the job right . I purchased a 12HP Murray 38 '' Rider for $ 600 20 years ago and it still is running to date with ZERO Repairs except the deck has rotted a bit finally . Most things can not be improved upon unless its a serious effort and not a gadget . Just like PCs now , nothing has seriously changed for several years and if you pay more than $ 400 for a good laptop your foolish.So in my opinion this is just another gadget for simple lawns and not a serious entry for large areas ever .
 I purchased the RL800 in April 2003 from Amazon , hoping to get out of mowing the lawn . I ended up wasting lots of time and money on this useless device instead . My original review for the mower was actually positive . It worked well for the first summer and I did n't mow the lawn once with my push mower . I even recommended it to my coworkers . But the following spring , we got a lot of rain which caused the ground to get saturated . The robomower wheels lost traction in the wet grass and kept getting stuck in the middle of my lawn . I had to go out to push it along at least 5 or 6 times . I would have been better off taking my push mower out and mowing it myself , which is what I did until the ground dried up . Once summer came around , I brought the robomower out hoping it would perform like it did the year before . Wrong again ! After less than 2 hours , the battery ran out of steam . The robomower is EXTREMELY slow so 2 hours is nowhere near enough time to completely mow my lawn . And yes I did read the manual on how to properly maintain the battery . I constantly charged it even while not in use . And during the winter if temps fell below 0 degrees , I was instructed to remove the battery and place it inside somewhere dry , which I did . Hoping to salvage use for the robomower , I purchased a second battery and the rapid external charger this year . I manually mowed my lawn with a push mower for the beginning of this year while the ground was too wet for the robomower . Then when it dried up enough , I decided to let the robomower take over . I unleash it on my lawn and 20 minutes later it stops . The robomower was beeping with the error `` Check Power '' message on the controller . I bring it back in and try charging it , but the error does n't go away . I plug the power supply into another power outlet on a different circuit breaker and get same error . I put in my second battery and still same error . I end up calling tech support for assistance . Coincidentally , the 2 year warranty just ended in April so I was one month passed it . Their diagnosis was possibly a bad power supply and/or bad controller . When I asked if they could help me fix it , they told me not without getting charged even though I was only a month out of warranty . Keep in mind , I would have found out sooner about the problem if the robomower worked properly when the ground was a little wet . Thanks Friendly Robotics ! So do n't make the same mistake I made . Just mow your lawn yourself like I do now .
 What a disappointment . Have owned this product previously and it worked fine . This version leaks and is generally sub-standard .
 I have purchased many Gardena products . I was disappointed in this sprayer because it leaked the first time I used it . There did not seem to be any adjustment where it did not leak . Also it is not ergomonic . The four trigger sprayer is much better and not so heavy .
 I have a ton of Gardena stuff , and this is by far the worst of the lot . I have two of the Nozzles and over time both have developed leaks that can not be stopped . It appears to be internal to the pattern selection . Note
 The threads on the large spray keep coming off and that is true for the other Gardenia sprayer I bought . Poor design or poor quality . I have used Gardenia products for years and I am disappointed to see the decline of quality .
 Design was changed . Not for the better ! Spray patterns were changed and the whole product is much more fragile . I will no buy this again .
 Product description led me to believe this to be a great product that would satisfy my needs for a garden spray nozzle . I was very disappointed to find it a cheaply made product that came apart the very first time I attempted to use it . The nozzle leaks and the large spray head falls off every time you run water through it .
 I remember seeing robotic lawnmowers at Disney , many years before RoboMower came to market . I was thrilled when I had a chance to buy one , for many reasons I wo n't bore you with.When I bought it , it took several days to get set up properly . I buried the cable carefully , and had to order more wire and stakes than what came in the box -- not a problem , I have a big yard . Once up and running , `` Clyde '' worked very well for about 9 months . Then the problems started . Initially , Friendly Robotics had great customer service , spending time with me on the phone to diagnose various problems , then sending me replacement parts as needed . For the next 9 months or so , Clyde worked intermittently . There were several trips to the service center -LRB- a VERY expensive shipping bill for them and later , for me -RRB- and before long , pretty much everything that could be replaced or serviced on the thing had been . I live in Florida , which is probably the toughest conditions for this mower , but when it worked , it worked wonderfully . Over time , the Friendly Robotics people became less friendly , probably thinking that I was not capable of the self-repairs they were asking me to do over the phone to save shipping charges . They referred me to Probotics , who were happy to sell me more parts.I am capable , handy and never had any problem understanding anything about the technical services I was performing , but the sheer tonnage of -LRB- wo -RRB- man hours I had into this thing by now were staggering . At the time , as a freelancer with a flexible schedule , I was willing to do it . I suspect that many consumers would not want to go through all that I did to keep their mowers running.At some point , about a year and a half after our first date , Clyde jumped his wire and was foraging near my bedroom window in the middle of the night . This was not a programmed time for him , and he had strayed outside his wire perimeter . It was very sad . I tried all the things I had now learned to do from talking with the FR and Probotics people for so long , but Clyde never returned to his old self . One day in an aimless spiral in the back yard , he just quit . At that point , I had found a full time job and could no longer dedicate time to fixing him . Having paid a lot for him , however , I felt that I should receive some sort of further service or at least a partial refund , since he was under warranty . Both Friendly Robotics and Probotics quit returning my calls and emails . They pointed fingers at each other . I was abandoned.Clyde was dead , FR and Probotics non-responsive , and I was trying to start a new job . I just let Clyde languish in his cradle on the side of the house for two years , unable to say goodbye . I decided to FreeCycle him this weekend , thinking he might be a good science project for an enterprising teen , but I did n't want to do it without writing this eulogy . RIP Clyde and caveat emptor .
 I purchased the RL800 in April 2003 from Amazon , hoping to get out of mowing the lawn . I ended up wasting lots of time and money on this useless device instead . My original review for the mower was actually positive . It worked well for the first summer and I did n't mow the lawn once with my push mower . I even recommended it to my coworkers . But the following spring , we got a lot of rain which caused the ground to get saturated . The robomower wheels lost traction in the wet grass and kept getting stuck in the middle of my lawn . I had to go out to push it along at least 5 or 6 times . I would have been better off taking my push mower out and mowing it myself , which is what I did until the ground dried up . Once summer came around , I brought the robomower out hoping it would perform like it did the year before . Wrong again ! After less than 2 hours , the battery ran out of steam . The robomower is EXTREMELY slow so 2 hours is nowhere near enough time to completely mow my lawn . And yes I did read the manual on how to properly maintain the battery . I constantly charged it even while not in use . And during the winter if temps fell below 0 degrees , I was instructed to remove the battery and place it inside somewhere dry , which I did . Hoping to salvage use for the robomower , I purchased a second battery and the rapid external charger this year . I manually mowed my lawn with a push mower for the beginning of this year while the ground was too wet for the robomower . Then when it dried up enough , I decided to let the robomower take over . I unleash it on my lawn and 20 minutes later it stops . The robomower was beeping with the error `` Check Power '' message on the controller . I bring it back in and try charging it , but the error does n't go away . I plug the power supply into another power outlet on a different circuit breaker and get same error . I put in my second battery and still same error . I end up calling tech support for assistance . Coincidentally , the 2 year warranty just ended in April so I was one month passed it . Their diagnosis was possibly a bad power supply and/or bad controller . When I asked if they could help me fix it , they told me not without getting charged even though I was only a month out of warranty . Keep in mind , I would have found out sooner about the problem if the robomower worked properly when the ground was a little wet . Thanks Friendly Robotics ! So do n't make the same mistake I made . Just mow your lawn yourself like I do now .
 You have to have a flat lot , and not many trees in there for Friendly Robo ... to work . It will get stuck right by the trees , and if it rained , then you can not use it because it gets stuck . It can not cut tall grass , and leaves some grass here and there . The worst part is the service . Mine had problem the second week , and when I called the tech . the only way he would look at it is for me to ship it to them . That is 80 to 100 dollars in shipment , and he did n't know how long it will take . You are dealing with Middle Eastern company , so do n't expect good customer service .
 Well I must say that I was lured to the thought of a mower cutting the grass while I was doing other things . You can say I was like a Greek sailor and the Robomower was the Sirens . Anyone who knows Greek mythology knows that the Sirens lead Greek ships into the rocks and sent the sailors to their death . Tis the story with the Robomower.For the high price of this mower I expected it to last more than 3 years without a major repair . My blade motor went out just after three summers of use . Since I live in Michigan my mowing season is quite short . Of course the mower is out of warranty . The cost of shipping for the repair and the repair itself is not a cost effective choice . I could purchase a low-end gas mower for the same amount.Seems to me the technology has a little ways to go yet . I wish you luck if you choose to purchase the Robomower . For me I am going to wait until they are better built . My recommendation is you do the same .
 How clich&eacute; for a product to break shortly after the warranty period . Well that is what you have here with the Robomower . Of course the cost to ship and fix the mower is quite expensive . When I purchased this product the Friendly Robotics went on and on about how good it was . Well let me tell you that this is not the case . The product is not even close to worth what it costs . I am going to stick with conventional gas mowers from now on . We all need to protect ourselves from products that are costly with short warranty periods .
 The lid itself is ok at best , but the gray color does n't match the red rocks around my pond . Nevertheless , I thought I might be able to change that with outdoor paints . Little did I know that was going to be the least of my problems . BTW , in the picture the lid looks like it curves under around the rim , and/or snaps into the skimmer , but it does neither . The lid has a hard flat edge all around , so to look natural it will need to rest on absolutely level ground . When I laid this on top of my skimmer , which is not buried as deep as it should have been , there was a two-inch gap between the rim and the ground . It looked dreadful.Most importantly , DO N'T ORDER POND SUPPLIES FROM HOMEPLACE GROUP without fully reading their return policy . This item turned out to be too big for my Savio skimmer -- that was my fault for not measuring properly . HomePlace Group shipped the item in a box far bigger than was necessary -LRB- the packing material was also inadequate and sloppy -RRB- . They paid $ 39.25 to ship the lid to me.I understood that HomePlace Group requires buyers to pay return postage , and that they would additionally charge a `` restocking '' fee . However , I was shocked to discover that UPS would charge me $ 174.00 to return the $ 195.00 lid in its original box ! HomePlace Group 's policy states that the item MUST be returned EXACTLY as packaged to the buyer . They literally put me between a rock and a hard place by dumping the lid in a gigantic box too expensive to ship back to them . Was that deliberate?Companies get corporate discounts on shipping . Individual buyers do n't get shipping discounts at UPS or FedEx . The post office would n't handle the box at all because it was too big . And if you think HomePlace Group will offer you a return credit when you explain the problem , forget it ! Val just laughed and asked me if I also wanted a government bailout ! I will NEVER , EVER do business with HomePlace Group again . This company sucks !
 Used two of the measures . The first one lasted 5 minutes the second one about 10 minutes . I was being careful but it did not matter . Very poor quality , avoid these .
 This is meant to be a cover for the grill outdoors . IT MELTED IN THE SUN !
 I was very disappointed in this product ; it is made of very flimsy material and tears very easily ; it is also not as big as I expected ; do not recommend at all .
 After 4 weeks of use it had dozens of half-inch holes in it . The plastic material was disintegrating and it looked like my motorcycle cover in Florida after being baked in the Sun for 2 years , but this grill cover was used in Colorado and was on a north facing balcony . I wanted to return it , but hesitated because a hopefully better quality cover was only going to ship in 3-6 weeks , so I wanted to wait until that arrived . Then this past weekend there was a big storm while I was away and it had to rip the cover some even bigger holes so that in the end it just flew away . $ 10 down the drain .
 I have used this cover for 2 weeks here in the Washington DC area . Temps in the 20 's . The cover developed a few tears during normal use . The plastic is quite brittle , perhaps due to the cold . The cover should be a thicker , better grade of plastic .
 Thermos Cover-2-Go 4187018 by Char-BroilI found that the cover did not fit over my Thermos grill unless one of the sides were folded in and the 1lb gas cylinder was unhooked from its recommended position . I assumed that the cover was to protect the grill while it was fully open for use . Did I misunderstand how the cover should be used ?
 i ordered a large grill cover and received one that was too small for my grill . i was given a credit for the purchase but still had to eat the shipping and handling charge . i was told that there were no more covers . i 'm not a very happy camper . a.b.
 Used in Oct at a football game in Chicago worked great , went to another game in Dec. did not work it was a very cold day . When I got home put in garage til spring , when it warmed up did some checking and found the problem was the hose . made contact w / problem was told it had been to long . Will never buy from again !
 Save your money because you will have to haul this thing to the dump in two years . We bought one three years ago and loved it all summer . The next summer , though , the coating started to flake off of the cooking grate . We called the Customer Service line and they sent us another grate . So we had another great summer . But guess what ? This summer , the same thing is happening , only now they 're telling me -LRB- at CharBroil.com 's customer service line -RRB- that they wo n't replace the grate because the grill is out of warranty . Never mind that the grate is only a year old , they were surly , rude , and generally abusive both times I called . They should be ashamed to be producing and selling such a cheap and horrible product . And now , the plastic that surrounds the ice chest is cracking so the yellow insulation shows through . And we ca n't see through the window to tell if it 's lighted anymore.Horrible , horrible product . JUNK .
 Just saw this same grill at Menards for $ 89.95 today
 Convenient , compact and looks great on the porch/back of your truck but what about the heat ? I 'm an Aussie and I like my `` barbies '' hot ! Okay for cooking small amounts of meat but if you want to slap on a steak for a quick grilling , a more substantial hot plate would be nice .
 Nice looking grill , does n't rust and convenient for traveling and storing . Cooking is not so great . Food is dried out as if you were to cook on a frying pan or a George Forman grill . Does n't have that flame broiled BBQ taste . The Teflon peels off the grill after about 4-6 months of use . AND GOOD LUCK TRYING TO GET A REPLACEMENT GRILL ! and do n't get me started on cleaning it ! If you love it that much after experiencing all of this , might as well buy a new one!Disatisfied Customer
 I agree with most of the drawbacks mentioned by the other reviewers . I disagree with most of the good reviews . The propane output is pretty low and this is only so-so for smooth top grilling . It is quite large fo the cooking space . It is not a good home grill replacement and a lousy traveling option . I too bought a Weber Baby Q for my portable needs and it works much better . I put a griddle on it when I want to smooth grill . The thing arrived with a broken side tray besides .
 My daughter got this for camping etc and it is really nice , good looking , but ... I bought the -LRB- about the same time and for $ 20 more -RRB- the Coleman Road Trip . Not for camping , for use on my small deck in my condo ... it by far outshines this one , for instance 20,000 btus . . two burners , two spaces for - and comes with , one grill for one side and one griddle for the other . You can get extras for $ 20 each . I have orded an additional grill so i will have that for most of the time grilling and the griddle for grilling veggies , shrimp etc. . I got the optional large tank adapter as u an using it for a full time BQ at my house .
 You can buy the same grill at Lowes for $ 117.00
 Where 's the heat ?! Where 's the flame ? If you like cooking hamburgers on a frying pan , this is for you ? If you want flame broiled burgers and hot dogs , stay away from this . I got rid of mine and immediately bought a Weber Baby Q for the same price as this thing and it 's an infinitely better product .
 This is just to be informative . The seller must revise the product description as it states it fits the Q300 when it does not . Only the Weber Q 1437 fits the Q300 . I found this out recently after I recieved my order and now have to return it . I rate it 1-star due to sellers incorrect product description .
 The grill is up to Webers usual high standards but I do have a couple of quibbles with it . I bought the Q grill because I needed a high quality but smaller and lighter unit for use in my rv . Since every pound counts , the solid cast iron grill will probably not travel . But an even bigger problem was the lack of a non stick surface . I do n't have the time nor inclination to `` season '' a cast iron grill . What I would have liked is a high quality aluminum grill with a non stick surface .
 I 've had one of these for two years now and it deposits rusty water into my cistern . Which makes me think it 's not copper . Another chain I bought from another company developed a patina , NOT rust , and leads clean water into that cistern . This item is purely decorative , otherwise useless .
 The cart looks relatively good and is quite sturdy for a plastic assembly , but the construction is nowhere comparable to that of the grill itself . I feel like I own a beautifully engineered grill stitting on a large Rubbermaid tub.Also , the design makes it a real pain to move around even a few feet -- the handle is just too far in . I guess that might be why they named it `` stationary '' even though it has wheels.What a pity .
 New Item # 6508 , the old number is 54601For some reason , both model numbers are listed separately on Amazon . Trying to find out the difference between the models cost me about 20 minutes of life that I 'll never get back ! The answer
 Nowhere can I find where it says this only fits 200-300 series grills , not my Q 120 . Had to go to the Weber Web site for that infoWhat a waste of time to put this piece of junk together only to find that either it or the grill needs to go back.I know . Send them both back and buy another brand .
 Honestly ... certain things are a huge rip off , and this is one of them . Horned melons you can grow yourself , in almost any climate zone . I live in northern Wisconsin , planted some seeds in doors in about March , and moved them outside in June ... had fruit this summer . They have almost the same growth pattern as cucumbers ... fast , viney , thorny and whatnot . If you want to have this fruit , buy a pouch of seeds from somewhere online , grow them yourself , eat some ... and save some seeds for the following year . I also had success having it fruit in a five gallon pot , in my bedroom next to a east facing window ... Took a little bit longer , but they did it!ALSO , these pictures do n't show the truth behind the horns ... they are sharp , they hurt , they will make you bleed ... I suggest getting some thick winter gloves on and just take scissors and cut the points off .
 Despite occasional malfunctions of the power switch -LRB- I needed to repeatedly actuate it before it engaged again -RRB- I was quite satisfied with the mower for ca. 1 year . I used the mower ca . every two weeks in summer , mowing 0.35 acres of hilly terrain . After a year I noticed a crack in the plastic case , which in my opinion is under-dimensioned for a motor that powerful . I believe the product has not been thoroughly tested , otherwise it would have become obvious that such a thin casing would be torn apart during long-term use . The crack extended , and now the entire rear part of the mower which includes the rear wheels has fallen off ! I can only dispose of it in the garbage can , thanks to the customer support and lack of repair options -LRB- plastic welding , anyone ? -RRB- .
 My unit was dead `` out of the box '' . Called Worx Customer Service where they offered no assistance . Said they 'd help if I 'd purchased directly from them . Referred me to Amazon . Packing it up and sending it back for a replacement . I 'll update my review once the return process completes.Addendum -LRB- 4/18/2008 -RRB-
 Had this mower for less than 3 years and the start button malfunctioned . The start button wo n't even depress . Took it apart to evaluate it and realized how poorly and cheaply its made . My child 's playskool toys are made sturdier and technical than the parts of the mower . Called the company and they referred me to an authorized repair shop that wanted $ 120 to repair , and they stated that the start button has been a reoccuring issue with some of the models . For $ 120 to fix a start button , I rather buy a new mower . DO NOT RECOMMEND WORX MOWERS !
 The lawn mower mowed our mid sized lawn , went through grass that was a bit too long . Bought it in 2008 , took it out this spring , switch was touchy took a wiggle to get it to work , then would n't start at all .
 Just received this Worx WG712 today and found it to be extremely disappointing . First of all , it has the appearance and feel of a child 's toy -- the only thing missing are the pop-up balls as found on toy lawn mowers . This lawn mower is 95 % plastic , not sturdy at all ! The front right wheel wobbles because it was broken . The grass box was missing all four screws , as well as the two C-clips used to hold the line from the motor to the controls . This mower is very loud compared to battery operated or electric mowers . Whilst using the grass box , clippings are blown up over the top of the grass catcher box , and into my face . I found that this Worx WG712 does not bag well at all ; it does not have enough suction , and lots of clippings are left behind on the lawn . Overall , I was very disappointed in this lawn mower and would not recommend it .
 If only I had read more of the one star reviews before purchase ! I thought this would be the perfect mower for a retiring , petite lady with a very small yard ! It would have been if it worked ! Yes days after the 30 day warranty expired the machine stopped working . I took it to a reputable lawn mower repair shop and they found a spring was out of place they remedied that and I took it home to use . It started up but died after mowing just a little . I took it back to the repair shop and they informed me the switch was shot , so I had them replace it . The mower still would not start and on inspection it was found that the motor was burned out , the owner of the repair shop , said it was not worth fixing.After an extensive amount of time searching for an Amazon customer service number , I finally found a toll free contact number . My first call to CS , I was advised that they would accept the return but they needed the order # and email address . Since I was at work , I said I would call back later with that information . My second call to Amazon CS , I was advised , Amazon would not do anything because the 30 day warranty had expired . I was advised to call the manufacturer . After waiting for this CSR to give me the contact number to pursue with the manufacutere , I was disconnected . I called a third time and asked to speak with a supervisor and the CSR tried to dissuade me from talking with a supervisor , but he did put me on hold . After holding 5 minutes , I realized I had wasted enough time trying to attempt resolution so I hung up . At that point I decided to call my credit card carrier to lodge a dispute.Did I mention this was my first purchase from Amazon ? My daughter has purchased many items in the past and has been very satisfied . Considering the bad experience to date with the product and Amazon customer service , this will most likely be the last time I purchase from Amazon . From reading other posts from customers that had similar issues with this model , Amazon should consider removing the item from its inventory .
 The mower worked fine for a few months until today when the motor started smoking and now there is not enough power to cut the lawn . I would recommend a gas mower with a real engine .
 Worx 16 '' Electric Lawn Mower died within a year . Power was intermittent , depending on how the cord was positioned . Always held the extension cord -LRB- # 12 -RRB- to avoid any stress on the mowers pig-tail plug . I suppose I will open it up and check continuity , but it is probably the flimsy power cord connection under the handle that needs replacing . I wonder if or how this was ever UL approved ...
 did not come with any manual , there is a small piece which I do not know its purpose . Do not know hw to make it mulch . Having problem putting grass catcher together so I can fifure out how to attach.Have used it just by mowing and shaking since grass ca n't be ejected or mulched . What a mess . I need a manual with some good instructions . Until I receive , I can say nothing positive other than it cuts the grass .
 The WORX product is alright , although the mower arrived with minor damage -LRB- poor packaging -RRB- . The customer service is the worst I 've ever dealt with.After purchasing my WORX mower and grass trimmer through Amazon , I eventually needed to purchase more trimmer spools and opted for the `` free '' spools program -LRB- paying only shipping -RRB- offered directly from WORX customer service . In the same order , I also purchased a device from them that allows you to store the grass trimmer and it 's battery on the wall of your garage.After being charged as expected , two weeks past with no product . I contacted their customer service and was informed both products -LRB- spools and trimmer device -RRB- were on back-order but would ship in 24 to 48 hours . After another week passed , I called again and was transferred to a supervisor who sounded like he was reading from a script . He admitted the spools had not been on back-order but could not explain why I was lied to previously . He could not tell me when my order would ship saying that it was `` in process '' . He then offered a to wave the shipping cost as though that would fix not being able to use my $ 100 WORX grass trimmer without the spools they sell . This supervisor then assured me he would forward my `` case '' to upper management and I would receive a call within the 72 business hours . It 's been eight days and I 've not received a call . It 's been over 4 weeks since I placed the order.Though it 's for a small amount of money -LRB- less than $ 25 -RRB- , WORX customer service has essentially stolen my money and falsely advertised in selling me a product I ca n't obtain and they wo n't -LRB- or as this supervisor said to me , he `` ca n't '' -RRB- tell me why!I assume others are receiving the items they purchase from WORX . I have no idea why they ca n't solve my issue . I 'm sincerely amazed at the incompetence and inability of this company 's customer service and therefore highly recommend all consumers consider purchasing lawn products from one of WORX 's competitors instead -LRB- try Black and Decker -RRB- . If this is any example of how WORX is willing to do business then they deserve to go out of business . Buyer beware .
 The grassbox wo n't snap together and in the attempt I scratched my arms to bits . I just could n't believe that it really would n't go together and then I came back and saw other reviews to this effect . Boy am I sorry I bought this . I 've never written a review before -LRB- good or bad -RRB- but I am so shocked at the poor design I had to share my opinion .
 It is small and it is light and yes it is toy like , but that was n't the problem . The switch failed over and over . It is fundamentally a flawed design . Customer support is missing from the equation which makes the switch problem intolerable .
 This mower is a perfect size and works well , when it works . We are now on our third mower , and if it was n't for the great return policy that Amazon has , we would be fuming . The first mower stopped working after three uses . When I called the manufacturer -LRB- WORX -RRB- to find an authorized repair store they refused to give me the information because I had not purchased the product directly from them . Worse yet , they wasted my time by lying on the phone that the head of customer services would call me right back . Two days , two more phone calls , hours wasted , and still no call back from them . Fortunately , Amazon accepted the return with no questions asked , and replaced the mower . The second mower also worked about three times before a belt broke . It seemed easy to fix , so once again we contacted the manufacturer to order a replacement belt . Got the same nonsense about not being their customer , complained etc. - until they told us they would ship out a belt within a week . Okay guess what - no belt after 10 days and when we called back they said they never sent one and we were not their customer so do n't expect their help . Again , Amazon accepted the return without question and sent a third mower . Well mower # 3 did n't even get out of the box before the problems began . Pieces were missing that were crucial to assembling the handle to the body . Fortunately , we were able to cannibalize mower # 2 -LRB- and spent two hour disassembling and assembling -RRB- to repair # 3 before sending it back to Amazon . Cross our fingers , # 3 is still working -LRB- of course we have only used it 4 times so far -RRB- . What we have learned from this experience is never buy a WORX product again and always buy from Amazon because their return policy is the best .
 Nice looking , but difficult to assemble the grass collector bag . It 's not so powerful as lawn mower powered by gas engine , and not as good as lawn mower powered by gas engine . I will not buy any kind of electric lawn mower in future unless it will have a big improvement on the power .
 We have yet to finish cutting the lawn once without the power switch failing . The power interlock switch design is bad , very bad . We 've had to rebuild it every time we tried to use it . Support from Worx is beyond non-existent , they want you to contact your vendor -LRB- in our case Amazon -RRB- for warranty service . I would recommend another manufacuter as this one does n't support their product .
 Before I write anything else . . this is my first thought ... this thing should really be sold in Toys R US . Really ... Pros
 I bought this after reading some of the positive reviews . Assembling it was not too difficult , in spite of the poor instructions . However , I simply could not `` snap '' together the grass catcher . After trying for over 15 minutes , I gave up since I intended to use the cut grass for mulching anyway . I found the performance to be just so-so ; nothing to rave about . Well , I have now used it exactly three times , and it has decided to quit working ! I have cleaned everything including the blade area , and there is nothing else I can do to see what 's wrong because all moving parts are encased in this plastic `` box '' . I called Amazon customer service , and I was told to call the manufacturer . I 'll do that , but I anticipate big hassles to box and send it back even if they are willing to fix it.My advise is DO N'T BUY IT !
 I bought this product 6 weeks ago and after three uses the starter button broke . I called Worx customer service only to be told there IS NO REPAIR CENTER !! No repair options ! No replacement after thirty days ! I was told by Worx customer service to contact Amazon for replacement/repair options . Amazon says sorry nothing they can do . WHAT A RIP-OFF ! DO NOT buy this mower . If you have any problems with it after 30 days you are OUT OF LUCK . The warranty is useless .
 Bought it in April , broke in June . Like alot of other people reviewing this product , the start switch broke . Bad design ! Take it apart and you 'll see.Made in italy and as reliable as a fiat . I would hope with all the complaints a redesign has been completed by now . It does a great job on a flat , small yard . If you do n't fit that criteria , electric is n't for you . at least not yet . My saving grace ... I bought it at Costco ! They took it back . Thank you Costco .
 After four uses , the power cord shorted out where it enters the unit handle . It 's now a large , expensive brick .
 The on-off switch broke on the Worx mower in its second year of use . Worx ca n't or wo n't give an update on if or when a replacement switch will be available . Do n't buy it - if it breaks you ca n't get spare parts .
 hard to push , that roller on back is unnessary , had to mow backwards , why they make electrics mowers out of cheap plastic , I do n't know . brackets that go around front tires are cracked and wheels are wobbley and ready to fall off , impossible to assemble grass catcher box , -LRB- who tested that ? -RRB- , not real powerful , kept switching off ... best thing is the Italian design , could n't resist because it was so cute . Guess I 'll get a grass hog something not as cute but more reliable
 If they would just consider CUSTOMER SERVICE at the WORX web site and by phone , this might now have been such a bad deal . Grass catcher that , well was created on paper to go together in two steps , but someone in China forgot to put it in English so anyone in the USA could understand it.then there 's the problem of ... Oh you bought it from amazon and not from our WORX website ... you must then contact Amazon , we sorry , but can not help you . Lucky amazon has a good return policy . Dead battery righht off the bat , and it 's not a replaceable one.Now comes the really bad news ... WORX has released a new mower with a 17 amp motor WITH a replaceable battery -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- from them for the battery , but the mower itself sells for just over $ 300 ... figure that one out . The wheels are far better on the bigger mower , but it is a job to push , since it 's not self propelled . Weight is about 80 pounds.If you only have a 10x10 foot yard ... you caould make it without cursing ... otherwise go for the earthwise or another mower with CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 At first this was easy to assemble , that is until you get to the grass catching box , one of the worst pieces of design I 've ever seen in my life.It just wo n't snap together . No matter what I do it wont snap together , obviously no QC on the molding process.Why not screws ???? Any way do n't purchase this if you intend to use the grass box feature , that is unless you have epoxy and duct table to assemble the unit . True Italian design , pretty with a serious flaw .
 I purchased the Worx WG712 corded mower because I was tired of engine failures , tune-ups , hard-starts , etc. with gas mowers . The mower worked great while covered under the 2 year warranty . I was especially impressed that it cut my tiff grass closer/lower than other electrics on the market.Shortly after the warranty expired , however , I started having trouble with the power switch -LRB- I 've since learned that this is a common problem with this machine -RRB- and today the motor stopped after losing power and smoking . Of course there was no recourse through WORX who referred me to a local -LRB- 30 miles away -RRB- repair facility that quoted $ 150 to replace the switch and motor -LRB- I bought it for $ 199 three years ago -RRB- . So , if you need a small electric mower for only 2 years while it 's under warranty and do n't mind driving 60 miles round trip in case of repair , I highly recommend the WORX WG712 . However , if you need something that gives trouble-free performance for many years -LRB- I was hoping to get 5-10 -RRB- I would definitely not go with this mower .
 This machine is nice at the beginning because it is quiet and no fumes to deal with.However , the body is not well constructed . The back part of the mower is made of plasticand after two season of mowing with this machine it broke . If you pay this much for a mower I expected to last longer.I am very disappointed in this product .
 We bought this to do some areas that a rider rower ca n't access , and loved the idea of reducing our carbon footprint . But our staff handyman hates it , says it takes him 3 times as long to mow , and it 's not strong enough to do a good job .
 At first we thought it was a great lawn mower . -LRB- but instantly we knew we should have gone cordless , because of cord issues . -RRB- We 've used it 12 times maybe ? and the motor has burnt out ! REALLY ???! We 're * very * angry and dissappointed . That 's $ 250 of hard earned cash -LRB- we do n't have much of these days -RRB- gone ! One of the worst investments we 've ever made.Make sure you clean the bag -LRB- if used -RRB- and underneath after each use . -LRB- That 's still not a guarrantee it will prolong it 's life -RRB- It certainly did n't with the lemon we got . We 'll never invest in a Worx product again . Buyer beware , it will work great the first 6 or so times , after that be prepared to buy another .
 Originally I was impressed with this small , light weight mower . However , after 3 seasons it is on the way to the landfill and I am going back to a Briggs & Stratton gas engined mower .1 - Grass Catcher . The grass catcher ships in 2 halves which are snapped together by purchaser . The snap together fastner method is simply not strong enough to stand up to the obglitory banging against the side of the yard waste bin because the chute/exit is too small . Any moisture in the grass forces you to bang quite hard against the bin the two halves separate .2 - Safety Handle . In season two the handle assembly -LRB- metal handle , plastic body -RRB- came apart and required a `` work around '' . Frankly safety devices should not fail . Imagine the seat belts in your car failing after 3 years .3 - Motor Quit . At the end of season three the motor burned out.At this point I am returning to a gas powered unit . If this is the type of durability I can expect then I would have land-filled 5 electric mowers over the same period I gave my gas mower 2 tune ups . Not sure which has then greater environmental impact , throwing out 5 mowers or the air pollution of a gas mower .
 Worx 13-Amp 16-Inch Electric Lawn Mower #WG 712The only hero here is Amazon , which let me return this mower at their expense . I did get an exact replacement . Amazon , I love you.My review is 2 parts ; 1 -RRB- The working mower is perfect for my needs . It is light , and ideal for the little patch of grass I have . Everything works fine . The grass hopper is a little difficult to put together , but once done it is solid .2 -RRB- The bad mower . This mower has 3 moving parts ; the blade , the wheels that go round and round , and the mechanism that raise and lowers the mower . The raising/lowering did not work . The box this mower came in was not damaged in any way , so I can only guess that this was defective in the factory . The whole mechanism is enclosed , so it either works straight away or it does n't . This smacks of sloppy workmanship , and sloppy quality assurance within the Worx facility . Every single mower should be tested for its moving parts , especially for this sort of product.My bad review is directed at the Worx people , as I believe this came out of their factory broken , and somebody knew it .
 The Agri-Fab garden cart is easy to assemble . But , I could tell as soon as I opened the box that it was a shadow of my old one . The plywood is flimsy , thin , soft wood , and generally NOT the type that should be used in carts that will have to take shovels , pitch forks , varied loads of mulch , gravel and the like . I 'm very disappointed that Agri-Fab does not produce a top quality cart and make it in the USA . I 'd be willing to pay more for better quality . I would n't be surprised if the rubber wheels fail in the first 6 months .
 I have purchased a number of Agri-Fab pieces of equipment for my lawn work and this is the first one I have ever been disappointed in -- from day 1 . I assembled this yesterday and then realized -- I should have read the reviews before purchasing . I did n't do that because of the name on the product . Had I seen `` Made in China '' before ordering , I might not have ordered it , but a lot of items made in China are very good . This cart was designed by a team of accountants and two sight-challenged quality engineers whose only objective was CHEAP , CHEAP , CHEAP . Very cheaply made .
 This cart will work fine if your under four feet tall and do n't want to haul much . As usual came with missing bolts - why is this ? Way to small to ever get to it 's 300 pound rating . Do n't waste your money - it 's way smaller than the picture makes it look like .
 This item is MUCH smaller than the listed dimensions.They do not list the `` box '' measurements , and do not tell you that the measurements include the handle . This is TINY ... if you are considering this item , buy the bigger 14 cu . ft. cart ... and you should be happier .
 This gardenway knock off is of elow average quality and had apparently been fumigated or treated somehow inside the container or box , with a not very healthy odor that had to be aired out for 10 days before assembly.Wierd green color of the plywood not apparent in photos . Look further for a better product .
 I ordered the Agri-Fab Farm/Yard cart and it arrived with various bits of hardware falling out of the box . The box was intact and not damaged during shipping . The bag containing the various bolts , washers , nuts and pieces was ripped open by whoever packed it . I called Agri-Fab to explain the situation and give them a list of what was needed . After 15 minutes on hold I gave the CSR the model number and part numbers for the missing parts . The CSR told me he could not help me get the various parts without a date code and it would be better for me if I just went to a hardware store and bought them instead of waiting . Very poor response .
 This is horrible quality , poorly made , and ca n't handle much . It is great if you are living in a condo or townhouse and need to transport a few flowers from one side to the other . But it is n't for any type of serious yard work .
 This hummingbird feeder either drips constantly -LRB- new from the box , never been washed with soap -RRB- or after the initial fluid is used up from the feeding tube , wo n't refill with the reservoirs holding fluid . I would return both of them if I had n't bought it 600 miles away . Better stick with an old fashioned , `` cheap-o '' feeder.Don ' t waste your money .
 I am having a problem with the nectar dripping constantly from the feeding tube . By the end of the day all the nectar has dripped out . Is there a solution from anyone else who has encountered this problem . Thank You .
 This feeder had a crack internal to the glass when we received it . The spout dripped liqiud for several minutes when we first installed it . The second time we put the spout with the rubber cork in , the cork went all the way into the glass ball -LRB- the cork should have been slightly larger -RRB- . It does , however , look good hanging from the holder on the tree .
 Very artsy and decorative but we 've tried everything ... even a BB in the stem and it STILL drips . Ca n't find a webpage for the manufacturer to get help ... so buyer beware . Buy as decoration not a feeder !
 I did not do my due dilligence on this item -- but I have to say the level of quality was not the same as the turkey cooker pot I bought 5 years ago . If you are considering this item I would advise buying the stainless version instead .
 The description says `` The perfect addition to any cooking setup indoors or out '' . However the instructions and box say `` OUTDOOR USE ONLY . `` Disappointed that it is not as described . If you are looking for OUTDOOR , this looks good , otherwise stay away .
 The description states &#34; commercial grade &#34; . This pot would not last a month in a commercial kitchen . The wall thickness is so thin that you can easily dent it with your bare hands .
 This pot is very thin and arrived with a large dent that occurred during shipping . I am surprised at all of these positive reviews considering how thin the aluminum is . You could dent/bend this with your bare hands with little effort . I am returned it and have replaced it with a 40qt Winware aluminum stock pot -LRB- basket and top are available but sold separately -RRB- . The Winware pot is much higher quality and the aluminum is at least twice as thick . Although it is a little more expensive it will not be easily damage and is sill a very good value .
 I bought this as a gift for my sister-in-law . She was thrilled with the size and steam/boil basket . However , when looking at the instructions it said this was for outdoor use only . It did n't say this anywhere on the description or give any notice of this . This limitation should have been advertised as one typically expects to be able to use this product indoors , not outside .
 Sadly , I am stuck with this item that I will never use due to it 's poor , cheap quality . `` Outdoor use only '' was not readily apparent based on the description .
 I am very disappointed with the shipper of this product . I purchased the stock pot as a Christmas gift for my daughter and her husband . I received the the product in the original box , not boxed in a box . It did not dawn on me to check and see if there was damaged to the pot in anyway . I wrapped the gift and gave it to my daughter for Christmas . When they oppened the box they found the pot had a big dent in the bottom.They called me and let me know of the damage or defect . I gave them the Amazon info / email and they contacted the sender . The sender said that they would replace it but they would have to pay the shipping charges to send it back and for the sender to send another pot . My daughter said that they should not have to pay the shipping charges for something damaged or defected that was not their fault . I told my daughter I would get another pot for them and they said no . Paying $ 30 or $ 30 dollars for shipping was rediculous and they would keep the dented pot.I am very disappointed with Amazon & the shipper for not stepping up to replace and send an undamaged stock pot at no cost . It is not good business to not step up to the plate for customer satisfaction and keep a customer for another purchase .
 Poor construction and design . Burners including the piping and valves all are suppored by two very small screws under the center of the burners . The leverage of the control valves against these screws is huge . The gauge of the bar this all is attached to is much less than it should be so as a result everything in the burner assembly is wobbly . The screws that release the air control disk so that you can adjust the flame mixture can not be accessed without dismantling part of the supply pipe since the fitting is tight against the lower screw . To really make it funtional I will have to re-pipe the supply and add some support to hold the weight of the control valves and burners .
 I had the single-burner version , and I bought this to cook bigger stuff . It was a mistake . For one thing , the burner farthest from the propane connection does n't work well . For another , the steel is flimsier than the steel on the single-burner stove . For the same price , you can get two singles and put them next to each other . You 'll need another propane tank , but you should always have at least two propane tanks anyway .
 I bought this in 2007 for my vacation house in Maine . It was used for the 3 weeks I go there every summer . In 2008 the second burner did not work well and I could not adjust it . New tank , etc , etc. . Still did not work . 2009 a pinhole in the brass pipe between the burners caught fire . A little too much excitement and a waste of time.Skip this product .
 I left this review for DB375 , which adds two side shelves . -- April 16 , 2009I purchased this unit for homebrewing . For the first 30 minutes , this thing rocked . I turned it off to add some ingredients , and now it putters out a flame . If I turn on both burners , it pretty much stops working because the flames go out . I have been working for 55 minutes to bring 5 gallons of liquid to a boil . I am at 190F . I will up the stars if Bayou Classic is able to correct the problem , but for now I am less than impressed . -- UPDATE
 We received this cooker and were so excited ! The cooker itself as well as the burner plate are adequate . However the thermometer is not accurate . On the front page of the manual , is a number to call if the thermometer is not accurate . I called and a man told me to turn the nut on the back of the thermometer to adjust it down to `` 0 '' . Well that didnt work and now I 've called back 6 times and nobody 's answered . I 've left voicemails , no call backs . So I have a cooker with no thermometer . The front page of the book says DONT USE THIS COOKER IF THE THERMOMETER ISNT ACCURATE ! So I sit here for over three weeks of calls in and with a cooker I cant use and nobody will call me back . I sent an email and it came back undeliverable . What a Rip .
 I wanted very much to have this turkey fryer kit in time for our cookout . When it was delivered the body of the fryer was totally damaged and it was so bad that the lid was bent in and you could n't see inside .
 Calling Bayou Classic tomorrow , no option to email on their web page must call during open hours . Depending on how they handle this will determine if I change this review .
 Item was purchased at a good price but once you add up the cost of the oil and fresh turkey I was looking at a price way out of line . It took about an hour to put it together another hour plus to get it to light . The directions said it would take about 15 - 20 mins to heat the oil - wrong ! about 45 . Once again I followed the cooking directions exactly and the turkey was not completetly cooked . And the clean up - was a pain - what to do with all that oil !! Never again .
 Received the turkey fryer and it was missing the chicken skewers and spice packet listed in the Amazon description . Amazon quickly shipped a replacement which was missing the same items . I expect to receive the product as described and this does n't so I returned both fryers . Tried to rate this at zero stars but that was n't an option .
 Yes the pot held the oil and turkey and the fire lit under the pot . It did n't fall down under it 's own weight and fried my turkey . That said here are some problems . I had to make 3 trips to the hardware store so if you purchase this item and read this first , you should knock that down to ONE trip . But you will make the trip none-the-less . First off the three scews that hold the legs on are listed at 2 '' but are more like 1 1/4 '' and thus had to be replaced -LRB- or you WO N'T get the nut on the screw -RRB- . Second , and this is crucial , the main bolt that goes through the burner assembly , burner holding bar , and heat shield is made of `` Made in China '' crap metal . It will already be installed and is sticking out of the burner assembly . In the instructions you have to remove it 's nut and washers . But when reapplying the nut and washers through the bar and heat shield , it WILL strip unless you get lucky and tighten it just right the first time . This bolt needs to be made of good steel ... and it 's not ! If it 's tight just let it be because you will strip it if you mess with it . It is impossible to find if you need to replace it because both hardware stores I went to did n't have it and did n't know where else to find it . It is a 6mm 2 3/4 '' bolt . My solution to fix the stripped bolt was to add 3 washers before screwing on the nut and thus catching on some fresh unstripped thread . Luckily there was enough bolt showing . Had that not worked this thing would have been junk just 1 day before Thanksgiving and I 'd have been rushing off to buy a differant one.Just look over your parts before assembling this thing and make sure those bolts are as long as they 're supposed to be and if not make that one trip to the store for bolts and washers too . I guess whatever model/brand you get will be made in China too -LRB- is n't everthing ? -RRB- so I do n't want to recommend another , besides I 've only owned this one . Make sure you follow ALL precautions about using this thing to the letter . I would also add that even a little wind will slow down or stop your cooking time as the burner blasts out the gas so fast -LRB- which is normal for that hot a flame needed -RRB- that the fire is only on the tips of the gas so find a relatively wind free place , errect/effect/find a windblocker/lean-to but DEFINATELY outside and away from structures or anything that can fall and knock over your pot . Gobble Gobble!By the way the turkey was soooo good that everyone raved about it and wanted to take -LRB- did take -RRB- it all home . Look around for tips on preparing , injecting and rubbing the bird . I kept the temp at 350 -LRB- initially at 375 but after you SLOWLY ... slowly dip in the bird the temp will go down -RRB- and then maintain 350 from there out . Get a bird at 15lbs or under -LRB- or the pot will fill too high -RRB- and cook for 3 1/2 min . per pound . Look for more tips online . That bird was tastey !
 Looks pretty good in the picture , eh ? Well guess what . It 's junk . Save yourself some aggravation and find something that wo n't melt on you the first time you fire it up . That 's right . The aluminum pot is about as thick as a piece of tin foil and the thing actually melted on me !! Lucky I did n't get killed.Under no circumstance should a pan with any chance of melting be sold at any time , especially when it 's an item like this !! What the hell is wrong with these guys ? So now as I descend into customer service Hell , I want forwarn anyone who is thinking of buying this flamethrower to think twice before you spend your hard earned cash on this Chinese piece of crap.Amazon 's return policy and customer service makes it next to imppossible to return an item such as this , so I 'm afraid I will likely be stuck with it .
 Instructions state that pre-heat will take 15-25 minutes . After 90 minutes the oil only reached 300F . I could not delay Thanksgiving dinner any longer ... put the turkey in ... temperature dropped to 250F and never got much hotter . The burner was on full blast the whole time . We needed to cook about 20 minutes longer . It did taste fine once it was done . I am thinking I have a faulty regulator .
 Got the product , did not have problems with the bolts as others seem to have had . But I went to BOIL WATER in it and I used the thermometer to know when we 'd reached the boiling point without having to continually lift the lid . Thermometer went to 150 and never moved , even after the water was over boiling . It is unconscionable that they should ship a product like a turkey fryer with a defective thermometer . I am EXTREMELY lucky that my first use of the fryer was to boil water and not to fry with oil . Someone could have gotten VERY hurt . Would recommend buying a new thermometer or at least definitely test your thermometer before using it for frying .
 I bought my fryer two years ago . I 'm an avid outdoor cook but could not get this thing to create the impressive fried turkey that everyone talks about . I think it 's because my wife 's oven baked turkeys are already done to perfection -LRB- juicy , dark brown on the outside , etc. -RRB- and are hard to beat . My expectations were higher based on how people rave about fried turkeys.As for the product , I had a VERY hard time getting this thing up to temperature . In two years I cooked six turkeys in this pot and had the same problem every time . I tried adjusting the regulator , etc. without luck . The flame seems to be fine but it simply does not get hot enough . As soon as the room temp turkey goes in , the heat drops down and will never return back to appropriate cooking temperature . This could be due to the fact that my cooking always took place in the cold months of November and December in VT. . If it wo n't work under those temperatures they should advertise it as such.The product quality is good . Very sturdy and durable . It 's just too bad that it does n't get hotter to really fry that turkey right !
 As another poster mentioned , the paint does n't last past the first use of this product . What he did n't go into , however , is that this paint is apparently flammable . On my second use of the burner I had the gas flowing at about 90 % , left to go inside to grab something to drink , came back outside and the entire unit was in flames . If you are going to buy this burner , make sure you keep a very very VERY close eye on it until the paint burns -LRB- not melts , burns -RRB- off . I 'd even advise trying to scrape the paint off as a precautionary measure.Other than that , the pot and accessories served their purposes well . Just wish that if the paint was going to burn off from the get-go that they 'd just sent one without any paint on it at all .
 This item arrived with multiple quarter sized dents in several areas of the pot . The lip of the pot also had a slight depression on one side that affected the way the lid fit atop it.The burner quality seems good -LRB- burner and accessories it included -RRB- . We 're going to keep this item and try to punch out the dents , rather than deal with the hassle of returning it for a replacement - which may or may not have the same issues .
 Have n't used it yet ... but the item was not packaged with the correct nuts/bolts . When I called the company encountered a very rude customer service rep. Hope the turkey leaves a better taste in my mouth than the company itself . Not the way to do business .
 We used this thing TWICE and just went to use it again today and it had a hole in the bottom of the pot ! JUNK JUNK JUNK !
 After receiving the turkey deep fryer I was quite disappointed . The propane burner assembled easily and works great.However , it came packed with all the accessories inside of the kettle and had been banged around inside the kettle and made quite a few dents . After filling the kettle with water to test for leaks -LRB- because of the dents -RRB- I discovered no leaks from the dents but it has a slow dripping leak from the rivets which hold the handles to the kettle . So my 30 quart kettle can only be filled to about 24-26 quarts or it will leak down onto the flame . I 'm glad that I did not test it with oil or I could have had a nasty oil fire . I do n't want to send the whole unit back -LRB- costly shipping -RRB- so now I 'm stuck with a propane burner and no kettle . I gave it two stars because at least the propane burner works well . I do n't know if it was a shipping problem or a packaging problem but the package arrived in good condition . I suspect poor manufacturer 's packaging . All in all I am dissatisfied with the product .
 Set it all up and on Thanksgiving day found that the connection to the propane tank leaks profusely regardless of how much you tighten it . Quality control of products in non existent .
 Pot was defective and after months of calls and emails still no replacement . Just bought a new pot else where .
 Could never get the flame to regulate low enough to use without it blowing out . Had to personally modify it in order to make it even usable . Save yourself a lot of grief . Purchase a different product .
 We have been using a Bayou Classic 26-qt turkey fryer for about 6 years now and it has been worth its weight in gold ! Easy to clean , quite heavy and very durable -LRB- no dents after 6 years of use -RRB- . Though the outside has burned-on oil that ca n't be removed , the inside is shinier today than when new ! I thought it would be a great idea to get a new , slightly larger , pot -LRB- Bayou Classic 3066A 30-Quart Outdoor Turkey Fryer Kit -RRB- in which we would also be able to steam crab and lobster using a basket that is not available for the 26-qt pot we own . When the new pot arrived , it was very badly dented all over the bottom edges -- INSIDE the manufacturer 's packaging ! We never removed it from the carton ; just simply returned it to the seller through Amazon . The burner is also inferior , with our old very stable one welded together and this new one , held by screws . Disaster waiting to happen with so much boiling oil . What a shame that Bayou Classic has chosen to give up quality and produce such an inferior product . Will look for another , better , manufacturer of a similar product . I recommend you do the same .
 This pot is more kettle like and not as shallow . My first one showed up cracked . The steel is VERY porous and brittle compared to other cast iron I 've had .
 Great Idea , crummy execution.The brass parts at the end of the hose were cheaply made and could be bent very easily . The stakes to place the hose were so short that to place them securely meant pushing the stake to ground level , making it impossible to connect w/o getting on your hands and knees and fighting with the grass to attempt the connection . Any pulling on your hose yanked the stake out of the ground.Convience ? no , very poor quality parts , & a pain in the ... to use .
 The stake and knob are OK , the knob is still just a quarter turn from zero to full pressure , so its not as nice as using an actual faucet.The short hose that is included had VERY leaky connections to anything I tried to connect it to . Since the whole idea is to leave the faucet at the house side on all the time so that you do n't have to dig through the foliage , its very disappointing , the hose will be leaking constantly .
 The thread did not screw on and the quality of this item is so poor that I just threw it out.I went to my hardware store and got an outdoor faucet , plumbing fitting , and washer hose . Works great .
 The length of this hose extension is very handy . However , it leaks badly from both ends and I ca n't seem to solve the problem , although I have tried multiple times .
 Bought as a gift for husband who wanted a miniature orchid for his bottle garden - is is not in garden yet as it still has not flowered . Better or some instruction would have been nice .
 These ground squirrel bait boxes result in far too much spillage and tracking of bait from the box , poisoning birds , foxes , and pets . A bait box must have entryway that is at least a foot long , with a big lip at the opening . If it is made from plastic pipe , the entrance tube needs to be turned upward 45 degrees , and the opening no larger than 3 '' . The company that makes this one sells it because it it fits nicely in a box or on a store shelf . That 's irresponsible and ends up poisoning a lot of other animals .
 This advertiser listed Wilcox Squirrel Bait StationSquirrel Bait Station - SQUIRREL BAIT STATIONas a package of 6 . When I received only 1 bait station , I called and they claimed that the add was missleading but they only sold them per each . They did offer to send me a return label to return it for credit . We 'll see .
 When one hears the name Scotts , I automatically think `` Quality '' . After buying the Scotts Accugreen 1000 Drop Spreader my thinking has changed . When the spreader is fully loaded with fertilizer , the wheel that turns the feeder mechanism in the hopper slides or skips on the lawn -LRB- rubber on the wheels probably would help -RRB- plus the handle bends when pushing the spreader -LRB- a T-Handle with channel iron would be sturdier -RRB- . I had a drop spreader from another brand that lasted 22 years with no problems . This Scott spreader just appears to use cheap materials . Unfortunately , I bought this on-line and could n't check out the product in person and relied on the `` Name Brand '' . You 'll be better off going to Wal Mart and checking out the off brand name spreaders there . Oh well , live and learn .
 I have always used drop spreaders and bought this Scotts model when my last spreader broke after 12 + years of good service . It was easy to put together . It is , however , very cheaply manufactured . The tin handles bend easily . The spreading mechanism is easily clogged by larger granules of fertilizer or dolomite lime . The hollow , light plastic wheels skip over the ground leaving patches without distribution . I am amazed that a large company like Scotts would put their name on garbage like this . I suppose they make a good mark-up on this unit , but I will never buy another Scotts product again .
 UPDATE
 Lever that controls feltlizer broke after 2nd use ... plastic . Stay away from this unit . No replacement parts . Use twice & throw away !
 I have purchased some products that were real garbage in my day , but this one is the worst . The locking mechanism did not work , and it could not be inserted into the plastic mailbox hole that it was supposed to go through . The entire thing was made out of the cheapest plastic . They probably ran off thousands of these things for about five cents each . After two hours of trying to insert the locking mechanism into the plastic using a sledgehammer , I tried to screw the latch onto the key cylinder . The key cylinder was too short to fit all the way through the housing , so the latch that would go up and down when you turned the key could not be attached . And in fact , once the mechanism was assembled as good as it could be , the key cylinder fell out since the holding screw could not be tightened . Tighten too much and the key could not be turned ; tighten too little and the lock fell out . Save yourself real misery ; do n't buy this product . My rating of this product is
 This is not what I was led to believe by the description given . I thought I could use it as a locking secure mailbox for everyday use and also when out of town for several days . However my 12 year old grandson pointed out he could reach the mail from either side of the mailbox with an `` extention grabber '' and thus retrive or take all the mail or boxes out . I wanted a mailbox which would prevent access by anyone other then my wife and me . The unit is constructed well but I would suggest it is just a regular mailbox for everyday use and a weather resistant lockable storage box with minimual security for vacations , etc. . I returned the unit and will look elsewhere .
 If you 're looking for mail security forget this and look elsewhere . I was flubbed by reviews . when this box is locked I retrieve my mail by reaching in and picking it up and I 'm only 5-7 . it 's cute but definatly NOT SECURE ... WHAT A SCAM AND WASTE OF $ $ $ !
 Both top doors will not shut all the way and stay shut . If you snap the top floor into place it pushes the rear door out and can not be closed . The lock hole is too small for the lock .
 This is my second mailbox like this . The first one was missing a pivotal screw for the locking mechanism . I purchased a screw and all was well until someone missed the curve and took the mailbox out.The locking mechanism will not work in the new mailbox . Once installed , the key will not turn the lock , to the point of breaking a key off in the mechanism.Don ' t know that I will try a third time.Everything else about this item is great but the locking mechanism is an important reason I bought the item .
 This product sounds good but is disappointing - something that has been very rare in my experience with Amazon purchases . Instructions are hard to follow and it is difficult to assemble . Had to use a soldering iron to literally melt the plastic to be able to use one of the prefab bolt holes . Another location was so poorly designed that the bolt hardly fit at all and I had to get a better length from a local hardware store . Looks better than is actually the case . Finally ended up with another mailbox . Do not recommend this and would never purchase this one again .
 This puncher broke - literally fell apart in two days of usage . I 've never had this problem with this brand before , but I thought this was worth noting .
 received very quickly but the quality is not very good . Acceptable , but looks cheap , and feels cheap and do not think it can last long . Before this , I bought one , made in China , quality was really bad . The picture on amazon showed it was made in Taiwan , I thought the quality would be better than one I had . Bad luck . same quality . Note
 The 1/16 '' hole punch was a good size for punching holes in fabric in order to crochet an edging . The only fault that I have is the pricing . Martha Stewart makes a 1/16 '' hole punch , sold at WalMart for much less money and without the extra cost of shipping.So sorry Fiskars
 I use it to punch cardstock ... worked great for the first few months of heavy use , then the cushioned handles fell off and now it does n't punch cleanly . It was the second one I 'd bought . The first one broke in half after about 3 months . I 'll probably buy it again because I do n't see any better options , but I recommend not duct taping the cushions when they inevitably fall off . What a mess that became !
 Purchased this hoping to use it for punching chip board . Worked for the first three punches and then broke . Do n't bother if you want something with some heft .
 Extremely disappointed . I have been shopping with amazon for years . This is absolutely the worst product I have bough . Received it 20 minutes ago . Went through about 30 flash cards and the hole punch gave up .
 I was excited . We have a horse arena and stable ; and the poor fellas suffer in the summer . We followed the instructions carefully but have had very little action . The flies much prefer the horses to this stuff . Do n't waste your money .
 Over rated . Product does not work as advertised . Basically , product does not work at all . I purchased two and placed them in an area that contained many flies . The 2 traps collected a total of 3 flies in 1 week . They emit an offensive odor and I finally threw them out . If I could I would like my money back . I would not recommend this product .
 After reading all the reviews of overwhelming success with Flies Be Gone Fly Trap I decided to try the product despite the smell the product was to be emitting . What a disappointment and waste of money ! After our area experienced 99 - 101 degree temperatures with a heat idex on average of 105 degrees for the month of July you 'd think the smell would be horrible and the flies would be elsewhere other than my garage , front and back porches and flowerbeds . No such luck - NO SMELL and MANY FLIES that are anything but gone !
 I am really disappointed with this product . Unfortunately I bought four of them . They actually caught less flies then the ones I buy at the dollar store . They hardly worked at all . Save your money , ad is mostly hype .
 This product caught flys , so it does what it advertises . However , it was third out of three that I tested in my yard . I live near the woods with a big back yard and have dogs and kids constantly running around . Needless to say , flys love us . Our patio and yard often has many flys , regardless of how often I pick up dog poop . I bought this trap , the 20,000 rescue fly trap , and one of the ones that looks like it is in a cup . I set all three up in my yard with similar proximity to my home , and waited to see what would happen.First , this trap took the longest to attract flys . It did state that it could take a day according to the instructions , but the other two almost immediately had flys getting trapped . Second , this trap caught the least amount of flys out of all three . Lastly , the stench that started to come from it was unbearable , so I had to move it back from my porch . The two other fly traps had a small smell , but nothing close to what this trap had . It will catch flys and it will stink . Further , it wo n't catch flys as well as some of the other products , in my opinion . You can look at all three products and see the Amazon label that states that I bought these , so you know this review is for real . If you are looking for the best fly trap , search for the rescue fly trap bag -LRB- holds 20,000 flys -RRB- and read my review on there . It far surpassed this trap and is my personal recommendation .
 The trap does attract flies , but after a couple of days the odor was so offensive I had to take it down . I live in a subdivision ,1 / 4 acre lot . I put it in four garbage bags , one inside the other & could still smell it . I breathed a sigh of relief when my sanitation people picked up my garbage .
 I ordered 4 of these in March . I had used `` Flies Be Gone '' before and it 's a great product , but when these showed up it 's actually a cheap knock off product called `` Flies Away '' . It 's nearly identical , except for the bait . `` Flies Be Gone '' -LRB- which works -RRB- includes a bag of powder bait -LRB- probably the worst smelling stuff I ever smelled in my life -RRB- . This product showed up with a small tube of liquid bait . I was hoping for good results because the liquid is actually a lot more convenient.I put 3 of these traps around my property . After 3-4 weeks not a SINGLE fly was caught in any of them.I bought 4 of the `` Flies Be Gone '' original traps from a different vendor and hung them directly next to the other one , and within a day they started filling up with Flies.Rated 2-stars rather than one due to -LRB- a -RRB- the product advertised is excellent -LRB- it 's just not the product that showed up -RRB- , and -LRB- b -RRB- Amazon 's customer service stepped up refunded the full purchase price .
 WE have used and loved this product for several years . This is not the same product . It has no effect on flies or anything else . There is a liquid application that you add to the bag - does not work - what happened to the packet .
 This product looked so promising , especially after sifting through the reviews . Product arrived quickly , but upon opening & filling with water , the corners of the bag were leaking ! The plastic bag is extra-cheap/thin . I would 've given 1 star , but I gave 2 Stars because an hour after I fixed the bag 's corners & put it up , I had already caught 3 flies -LRB- also seemed promising -RRB- . Within the first 24 hours , the bag came unattached from the yellow lid & dropped to the ground , dumping its PUTRID smelling contents in the yard that the dogs tried to consume . This was a terrible waste of money .
 This is not the same product we bought last year . It was so cheaply made that after we filled it with water and hung it up , it came apart and the plastic bag with the liquid in it just fell in the yard .
 I purchased this item in preparation of a backyard barbecue . I followed the direcdtions to a `` T '' . I was impressed with the contstruction of the item . After having the bag hung for 48 hours , I still did not see one fly . I allowed the bag to hang in my yard for 10 days ... still nothing . Not one fly . I disposed of the product by filling it with dirt and tying it up in a trash bag . I replaced this trap with the Sterling -LRB- Rescue -RRB- Fly Trap . I had a fly inside within 30 minutes of hanging . It has been hanging in my yard now for just over a week . The amount of flies in the trap is overwhelming . This trap really works ! It smells horrible , but it works !!!
 I ordered this product . I put the water and bait in -LRB- NO DIRECTIONS -RRB- & hung on a tree . I literally walked out the next morning and the whole trap fell apart ! Half of it was on the ground . Piece of crap !!
 this item dont work at all.the instructions are all followed , it a waste of money and time for me , expedite order it.it was place in fly infested area not a single fly was trap.it was embarassing , people observing it , this was in the philippines.I wish I can get my money back or send me one that works . . they throw the item because it start getting smelly.rediculous...tmanalo1953@yahoo.com
 This product does n't work at all , can not catch a fly ! It 's also too expensive ! Should look for another fly killer ! I will never buy this product again ! Too disappointed !
 Do n't waste your time or money on these . Did n't perform at all at a level I had hoped for .
 Buyer beware !! This product is not Flies Be Gone . It is a cheap knock off imitation named Flies Away . Of the 3 traps I purchased , one had a hole in the bottom of the bag . The second broke within an hour of filling the bag . The plastic bag separated from the yellow top . The third trap seems to be okay but it is only the first day . This listing should be taken down as this is a fraudulent listing . NOT THE PRODUCT BEING ADVERTISED !!!
 I wish I could rate this product as zero star . I baught 2 of these traps and have waited for several days before writing this review . None of them has worked !!! It 's between 50-70 degrees during the day here . There are a dozen of flies hanging around the area where my puppies like to mark right outside the patio door . I installed both trapped following religiously the instruction . Immediately , a factory defect is detected , with only a little water , the plastic bag already started to leak at the bottom corner . I had to use another plastic bag to support the factory plastic bog so that the whole thing wo n't fall apart . Although both traps were placed in the center of where the flies are flaying around , not a single one fly wants to get close to it . This thing does n't work at all , and it 's also overpriced . Do n't waste your money and time .
 This product does not work at all , it 's a joke advertising is misleading , the bags were damaged Product was repaired and mounted a pair of these traps and flies were laughing does nothing
 This item fell apart the week after I got it . I 'm using the regular cheap one you can buy anywhere , and I 've had no problems . Could have been a fluke .
 it did not cut like i thought it would , their was a review that said it cut through a thin tin container so i figured it could cut through three thickness 's of material it does n't now i still have to find something else
 So simple tool to use right ? Well not so much because this little puncher does n't go through a normal piece of paper , very disappointed
 I purchased this tool because I was told that it can punch an Altoid tin . -LRB- I 'm going to make a DIY headphone amp with the punched tin -RRB- . When I first took it off the package , it looked very CHEAP . Bad material , flimsy handle rubber ... . I 'm not a racist , but it 's made in China . -LRB- Does that mean anything ? -RRB- Okay , I do n't mind about it 's appearance . Let 's punch the tin ... It CAN NOT do the job . But the handles are bent , so it can not be used anymore.After trying to fix it , it was broken into pieces.SO , ABSOLUTELY NOT RECOMMENDED . Broken at the fist use with no hole punched at all ... Very disappointed
 Incredibly unimpressed with the quality of this hole punch . Admittedly , I was looking to punch holes in an Altoids mint tin , but these things did n't hold up at all . They deformed from hand strength alone . I 'd return the item but it 's nearly unrecognizable after I vented my frustration .
 The wood is cheap jointed pieces pretending to be solid wood . The main frame of the chaise gave way at one of these jointed areas the very first time the chaise was used . I am awaiting a refund . It 's a pity because the design of the chaise is very nice and if it had held together it would have been a good buy .
 I would n't buy another one . It is comfortable enough -LRB- with a cushion -RRB- , but it REALLY needs another position or two for the back rest . There is no position just above the horizontal , so I usually need to use a pillow for sunbathing or dozing . Another position between upright and midway would also be nice . I had no problems with assembly . But as other reviewers have pointed out , cedar is a very soft wood . I have n't had any problem with the slats , but the good looking legs could hardly be designed worse for a wood that splits so easily . There probably is a luck element with getting the right piece of wood . But I have had to glue the back legs back together at least three times in pretty normal usage . -LRB- Okay , one time while watering I tripped and fell backwards onto the lounge . But that should n't merit two legs breaking . -RRB- I ended up drilling across the splits and inserting large screws along with gluing . So far , so good .
 The well known phrase `` you get what you pay for '' certainly applies to this item . It 's perfectly serviceable and is quite attractive but the wood is clearly of the cheapest quality and shows signs of splintering and wearing upon arrival . For example , the notches for adjusting the head of the lounge do not work smoothly and you need to give it a hand so to speak to help it settle into position . Not the end of the world but just know in advance that this is not a high quality product but certainly fine for knock-around .
 I purchased 2 of these and yes they assemble very easily . However , both of them have broken after less than 2 months . One of them split on the backside where you lay it down . My son leaned back and it just cracked !!! -LRB- He weighs 50 lbs ! -RRB- The other cracked several days later the same way . There was no force and it was being lowered slowly . What a shame , the placement of the bolts seem to be a contributing factor .
 I have used my chaise on only 2 or 3 occasions and already the side split in half and is now unusable . I found that this chair is very weak . Then again , you get what you pay for . By the way i am only 140lbs .
 I certainly got what I paid for in this instance . Screws were missing from the installation package , the wood has a laquer finish for preservation that makes the chaise an atrocious color . You need to be careful touching the chair as the wood splinters -LRB- I pulled two splinters out of my fingers -RRB- and once my husband sat on it , the side rail split about 12 inches . ...
 They looked lovely at first , but before the summer was over the middle beams were sagging . I weigh 130 pounds . That was last summer , this year the beams are cracking . If they were solid wood then I do n't think they would have broken . Instead they are pieces of wood glued together and do n't hold up . The little tray that slides in and out also fell apart into pieces with nails sticking out of them .
 I bought 2 of these chairs and within 1 season they were ruined . The wood is flimsy . The slats under the area where you sit all split because instead of using whole pieces of wood , they used joined pieces . A 6 year old climbed on the side table and it broke . I feel that this was totally wasted money . Get something else !
 On both chair the holes for screws did not align at all on the top back of chair , and new holes had to be drilled .
 These chairs seemed to be a good price , and with free shipping we decided to take a chance . Boy , are we dissapointed . We 've gotten splinters in our hands , butts and the backs of our legs , the chairs have literally split on the legs and backrests , and the matching table has also led to some casualties ! I want my money back !!! DON `` T buy these chairs !! Better to sit on a -LRB- safe -RRB- folding chair !!
 I received my table a few days ago . It is alright but I think the picture makes it look nicer . I also have found that the legs are very short . The table is not of normal height , so needless to say I am very disappointed . If you are going to purchase this item you need to be aware of the height of the table.Thank you .
 The table was poorly made , wood was patched with wood filler . Overall POOR Quality they should be ashamed ... A. Magno MD
 I 've had this table a couple of years now , as well as the matching chairs . The chairs are okay . But the table is worse than awful . The legs are fastened by an obliquely set screw in the bare wood , and any pressure on the leg , such as moving the table slightly , or even tightening the screw too much , causes the triangle of brittle wood that holds the leg to the table to break off at the screw point , making the leg useless . You can then turn the leg upside down and drill a new hole to hold the leg in place , but eventually you end up going to a lumber store to replace the legs . The table top is very poorly made , with patched wood and filler . It is maybe worth $ 80 . Certainly for $ 300 , you can get something much better .
 My beautiful garden arbor that I 've had only since June finally collapsed into 3 pieces . As you might have read in my previous review , my husband and I fortified the shoddy construction with additional screws and glue . It just really could n't withstand the Texas heat . I 'm not sure what happened to the thing , but it started rotting on the top/center about 2 weeks after we set it up . Then , the side rails split and finally broke on one side . And it was just sitting there ! No more big storms , just the Texas heat . Maybe it melted the glue ? Who knows , but my money did not entirely go to waste . I 've cut off the top on one side and saved both planters . They are still in one piece . My new advice , pass on this arbor
 Be careful with this one folks . I have received instructions from Korea which I could understand better . I have spent 3 frustrating hours trying to put this one together , and am still not finished . If you are going to buy this item , be prepared for a tough assembly , or better yet , hire a carpenter to put it together.AGGGGGGGGGGGGGH .
 We loved how this gliding loveseat looked on Amazon , so we put it on our wedding registry wish list and recieved it as a shower gift in April . When we opened the box , the left arm piece was split in two right at the grain . The company sent us a new one within a week , which was nice of them , but soon after the piece was assembled , the noises began . The glider hardware itself works great , but when anyone would sit down , we all could hear the disheartening sound of wood cracking . We just assembled it in April , kept it on a screened-in porch , and today in late August we sat on it together and the back slats all came detached from the seat . Looks like the slats were not even nailed in but STAPLED , and the cracking sound came from the seat slats , which were bits of wood dovetailed together . Compared to our porch swing made of solid planks of cedar and costs twice as much and made by another company , remember that you 're getting what you pay for . It looks gorgeous on our porch , but too bad we ca n't sit in it .
 Before you buy this item , get a copy of the assembly instructions sent to you . You may change your mind.Also , I bet the positive reviews on this item were written by the manufacturer , do n't they all sound the same ?
 After inspecting the contents , found a major piece that was cracked . Also noticed that some of the pieces were pieced/sectioned together -LRB- i.e. , glued -RRB- . That was enough for me . Promptly packaged it back up and sent it back for a refund . The quality was TOTALLY unacceptable . I would be afraid to sit on this thing . Do n't waste your money on this .
 We did not feel the instructions for putting the glider together were clear at all . We also felt the quality of the glider for the price we paid was not adequate .
 This chair does look good when you get . But the instructions are terrible . The worst is when you start to put this chair together . Some parts fit , while others seem not to cooperate . I had to return it becuase I did n't want to waste another hour trying to figure out why the 4 1/2 '' bolt would n't screw correctly into the connector . Yes , I got frustrated and listed to better half and and walked away . But when I returned , still no luck . Its not worth the hassle .
 Well , I went through all the trouble of putting it together and there are several things wrong :1 . The wood pieces used in the glider did not match with each other . e.g. , One arm is very much darker than the other .2 . Some of the wood is not well sanded , so it 's not finished well .3 . The chair creaks when someone first sits on it , unless they are real careful.I would not recommend this product . ...
 Not a bad little glider for the price . It was a little smaller than I had invisioned , but it will work . It was easy to put toether acording to my Husband but He did have to do a little alteration as one part did n't line up . He also added that the wood that was pieced together was done so in the correct way and it would add to the durability . I guess the bottom line is you get what you pay for and in this case , and in this day and age it was worth the money .
 I was thrilled to get a glider for my covered front porch.I am careful to buy American-made and it usually rewards me with long-lasting & well made products.In this case , the glider began to creak and groan in less than a month.My husband checked it out and pronounced that the joints were poorly designed and badly connected - many only used glue.He drilled some additional holes in the seat and base , added stainless screws & bolts , and placed cedar buttons over them.This was a LOT of work and cost extra money.In retrospect - I should have looked at the construction closely - and then I would have bought another brand.I may still do so.Lesson learned .
 The instructions for putting the glider together were poor at best . As for the quality of the glider for the price you pay , well you get exactly what you pay for , this glider is not a bargan ... It is made from small remenants of redwood dovetail jointed and glued together . Mine arrived in good condition and I was able to assemble it in about 1-1/2 hours . It glides quietly but it feels cheep . Could have used more sanding the finish in some areas is rough . Cushions are a must at least for the back , it hits you in the wrong place . Just keep all this in mind before you click the purchase button .
 We loved the look of this bench and put it on our Amazon wedding registry . When we received it as a gift , we were annoyed that one of the arm units was split at the grain . The company quickly sent us a new one and it then took 2 people several hours to assemble . We put it on our screened-in porch and enjoyed it for a month or so , and then the cracking began . We discovered quickly that the seat slats were made from several pieces of wood fused together and then veneered , thus the source of the creeking and cracking . Shortly after that the back slats all detached from the seat , which made it easy to see that they were put together with glue and a few staples . This beautiful gliding loveseat , assembled in April , is now sitting in our basement in August , waiting to be repaired or thrown out . A huge waste of money that could of been used for a solid wood seat that would last more than a few months .
 I bought a table , chairs , Adarondeck chair , side table , and glider , all from the American woods collection . I was amazed at how light it was . It is very hard to put together . The holes do n't line up well . The wood is very soft and easily damaged . The table came with a huge scratch and well dented . I spent about 4 hours sanding and re-staining it . The directions are not very clear . If you do n't have a lot of experiance in putting together things , I would n't attempt it . Be prepared to drill out your own holes for the glider . The glider was the biggest disapointment for me as it is very tiny . I am 5.0 , 110lbs and it is not big enough or comfortable to me . The legs on the tables are to short , they look out of proportion . Universal size cusions do n't even come close to fitting them ! The worst part was that it took over a month for all the pieces to arrive .
 We operate a small unfinished furniture store and thought we would try out this product through Amazon before committing to a minimum order with the wholesaler . This might be a better product for someone who specializes in Garden Decoration , since it is completely not functional . This bench fell apart after just two months of use . The seat collapsed with one of our customers on it . While it * is * made out of red cedar which gives the impression of durability , the slats are quite thin , and the construction is flimsy . This bench comes ready to assemble - have you got a few hours ? The finish does not hold up beyond maybe 30 days , and it is now sitting in a heap behind our store , waiting to be thrown out or repaired . Amazon may have sent a replacement if we had taken the time to call - we just got too busy . You would be better off with somthing else , even aluminum construction from Wallyworld is going to be better than this .
 I would highly discourage anyone from purchasing anything from American Woods . If I could , I would give them a much lower rating than 1 star . I recently purchased a glider from them and it arrived in horrible condition . The wood is splintered , the glider squeaks and creaks . We had to glue a few broken pieces of wood back to the seat itself . WHAT AN EMBARRASSMENT !! We bought it for my parents for Christmas . We are college students who tried to get a great gift and spent more than usual only to get a piece of junk .
 What a waste ! 1 . The instructions were so bad , misleading , confusing , wrong part numbers . All the instructions were on a small half sheet of paper . 2 . The base was cracked when delivered . This box was packed by the manufacturer not Amazon . 3 . The wood used to make this was nothing but scrap . Junk ! It had knots in it , sections were pieced together . 4 . It cant hold more than one person ! It was making a cracking noise when just one person sat on it.DON ' T BUY THIS , DO N'T WAIST YOUR MONEY !
 comes in pieces made of scrapwood that you are supposed to assemble yourself , but 3 of 6 boxes did n't fit together because of incorrect stpling that also split some of the wood . it did smell good .
 When I opened these baffels , I noticed that the two hooks screw into a long nut & I got them in as tight as they could go . I bought 4 of these baffles & within 3 days of placing them outside , they had all unscrewed & were lost in a foot of snow , rendering them useless . Terrible design - do n't waste your money .
 It took the gray squirrels in my backyard about a week to figure this one out . Because the baffle tips , the squirrels can hang on with their back feet and tip the thing almost vertically where they can then reach below and grab on to the cord that the feeder hangs from underneath . If the baffle did n't tip at all , or if it were wider , it would have a chance of working . As is , it 's good for keeping the rain off the feeder and that 's about it .
 Your neighborhood squirrels will be baffled , alright . They 'll be thinking `` Hey , how come there 's no more hard tricks to figure out ? You 're giving us an umbrella to keep dry while we raid the bird feeder ? What 's with the change of heart ? `` Because that 's exactly what you 'll be doing with this `` Squirrel Baffle '' . The initial look of it is provoking , as if it may actually give a squirrel a hard time in getting to the feeder hanging below it . But as all squirrels are up for a challenge , they are n't intimidated for a moment . As soon as they put some weight on it , the baffle swings down . Perhaps the makers were expecting the squirrels to `` lose balance '' and just fall to the ground . Well no , they immediately catch the cord or top of the feeder , hang down , and then proceed to feast . Meanwhile , the `` baffle '' -LRB- clear plastic shield -RRB- above keeps the squirrels protected from any rain or falling debris . So , this HAS to be a squirrel friendly product . I ca n't see how the manufacturer could be thinking any differently.If instead you 'd rather not be so generous to your squirrel friends and actually turn this into an obstacle , instead of a gift , you could attach two locking nuts above and below the baffle , then screw the hooks back together . This will help keep it from tilting . See the more detailed description by another reviewer . But hey , should n't the more clever species be rewarded ? What 's with all the squirrel antipathy ? ; - -RRB-
 Be very careful when buying this . I just hooked it on a pole with a bird feeder . The wind blew the cover -LRB- which pulled the feeder -RRB- off after 2 days , cracked the light plastic top , and rendered my purchase useless . Rigid , cheap plastic top , which is rather small . It does keep the rain off the feeder .
 Fairly useless . Squirrels land on top of it and ride the tipping baffle to the feeder . Not very effective . A nice way to keep the rain off the squirrels while they eat your bird food .
 I had no idea there were so many special needs squirrels out there , but apparantly there are based on the customer reviews that say this device works . My squirrels licked it immediately . That said , I ca n't believe any manufacturer would put a product on the market that fails so obviously . So I must be doing something wrong . When I figure out what it is , I 'll evaluate this review in a new lighting . Till then , it gets the lowest score for taking my time up . It should have an instructional brochure for idiots like me who just hang it on the cord and hang a feeder under it . I was stupid enough to think that 's all I had to do . The lock nut idea one customer wrote about ... that sounded like a try . I picked up lock nuts and a couple of 1/8th wide washers as well . I 'll experiment.Surely there is a way to make my trouble worth the $ 10 I spent . I have thought that this baffle may work with a specific type of feeder
 Plain and simple ... these do n't work . The squirrels can slide down over them to the bird feeder . Do n't waste your money .
 Even with the adjustments suggested by other -LRB- s -RRB- , this baffle poses no more than a minor inconvenience to squirrels . They are easily able to climb down it , hang off the side , and get onto the feeder below . Do n't waste your money or time with this baffle . Better to spend a little more and get one that works .
 Most of the negative opinions are well placed . My primary concern is not covered in previous comments however . Because of the `` tippy '' nature of this `` dome '' you should 1 -RRB- replace the hardware with better hooks and 2 -RRB- use locktite -LRB- or similar -RRB- to connect the two hooks . Because of the jungle gym effect my feeder was on the ground within two weeks .
 Might even make it easier , gives them a wider platform to jump to . It 's not wide enough to keep them from reaching the feeder underneath .
 the second day up and the squirrels have figured out how to jump on these and slide down to the bird feeder . What a waste of money
 way too small to even keep rain off , does n't really tip , just hangs crooked . The hanger hooks are not effective , I finally put the hanger upside down from the directions , added washer & gave up . Then I put in under an eave of the house where squirrel ca n't jump .
 IT ONLY TOOK THREE DAYS FOR OUR LITTLE CRITTERS TO FIGURE THIS ONE OUT AND GET TO THE FEEDER .
 The plastic `` shield '' is too small and hangs far too high up from the feeder to make it work to keep the squirrels away . Did not work at all . Am returning product since it did not do what it said it would !
 I did n't read the reviews , just went after the logic behind the product . I thought this might work . I have spent way too much time , money and effort to protect the bird feeder from these critters . After I installed it , I was laughing with an evil laugh thinking I won this time . Ha . It took these little creatures less than two hours to figure the system out . How disappointing . NOTHING STOPS THEM !!! I am giving it up and hope the birds will survive .
 As several have stated , the baffle alone , as-is will not stop squirrels from getting at the bird feeder/seed . My experience was that after putting it up ... 1 squirrel took about 10min to get around it , a 2nd squirrel took about 2min and a third just did it as quickly as w/o it.You need to do the following to make this baffle work .1 -RRB- Locktite the bolts so they do n't unscrew from each other .2 -RRB- Extend the distance from the hanging cable/rope/hook that the top of the baffle hooks onto by about 8 '' -LRB- body length of squirrel -RRB- . In my setup , I have a cable connected across two trees with the baffle & feeder hanging from it at the center of the cable . I added a 8 '' length of cord between the cable and the top hook of the baffle essentially lowering it away from the cable which the squirrels walk across to get at it . This puts the baffle just far enough below , out of reach from the squirrel so that it ca n't push the baffle aside and grab onto the feeder.So far ... . it 's working hopefully it 'll continue to work .12 / 5/2011 Update ... -LRB- downgraded star rating from 4 to 2 -RRB- That was short lived ... . the squirrels are walking right down the cord ... . baffle was more work for me to put up than it is for the squirrels to get around ... and it only took me about 30seconds to put it up.The `` squirrel baffle '' is NOT baffling the squirrels ...
 I purchased this baffle and another model to protect my bird feeders from the elements . This model is specific in deterring squirrels from reaching the feeder . My main idea was the protection against the rain but the extra help against the squirrel sound appealing to me . I had a problem with the original order that was missing the metal nut so I had to send it back and get another one that was complete . The model is simple , the plastic cover has a small hole where one of the hooks goes through and connects to the metal nut than in turn connects with the other hook . Unfortunately if one of the hooks gets to spin around by movement it will come off and then the baffle will fall apart . I set it up and somehow the squirrels managed to make it spin so my feeder ended up on the ground several times in one week and the seeds all over the place . I was very disappointed with the outcome of this baffle , so my solution was to place wire tape around the connection -LRB- above and below nut -RRB- for the two hooks so even if the squirrels try to make it spin it will not come off and my feeder has not fallen down since .
 Hi , Today I received two of them -LRB- total of 4 pieces -RRB- . I ordered them because they looked nice and I trusted the reviews . However , today they came and two of them -LRB- out of 4 -RRB- were broken -LRB- one a little and the other totally destroyed , and when I say destroyed , I mean it -RRB- . The strange fact was that the box was completely fine I suspect that the one that was totally destroyed was placed in the box already like this . The one totally destroyed was totally de-glued , which means that the glue had completely dried out also all the nails had come out from the wooden part . I tried to place two or three nails but the wooden part was too fragile and it would break in two parts.Thanks to Amazon.com I could return the broken ones with free return shipping ; that was nice . I still have the two good ones but because of the bad experience I am a little worried that they would not last.They look a little fragile , the wood looks very soft . I am wondering if they can last for a couple of months with the heavy weight of a plant on them . Also , I am wondering if they can last the winter season and also the rainy season.I am sorry , I do not want to take away business from this company that sells through Amazon but I am not convinced of this product . I will wait for my wife to come back from work and we will decide together whether to return all of them and get our money back.Apart for the poor quality , they look cute .
 To charge $ 1 for one of these is crazy . Either someone is mistaken on quantity or is a person of , let us say , poor personal qualities.Anyway , no one would want/need one .
 My order arrived a lot sooner then I expected but the seeds came crushed and unusable . The seed jacket had some sort of oil on it . The envelope was marked do not crush so I really do n't know whose fault it was the company or the mail carrier . I am very disappointed .
 Be sure that you realize that this product does not come with the cord . I should have been more observant .
 I also have 2 Acurite thermometers with remote sensors . Neither one works . Do n't buy these !!!!
 I could n't let that 5-star rating stand alone , so am repeating my review of other Acu-Rite thermometers . Let the buyer beware.A few weeks ago I bought another Acu-Rite wireless temperature sensor at Walmart . I returned it without even installing it because it would n't work even in my living room
 Remember these traps are only for survey work to see if the moths are in your area . You only see the males flying searching for the non-flying females , which the phermone lure immitates This product has absolutely nothing to do with irradication or control The only effective means of controlling large populations is spraying a bacteria called Bacillius thurengiensis , which destroys the feeding caterpillars . The caterpillars do the damage not the adult males .
 I do not reccommend this product ... Moths flew right by it , , , an kept going . Other types bait traps have worked in the same area . Dee
 Not at all squirrel proof . Actually , it took the squirrels about 20 minutes to figure out how to hang off of it and poke their hateful mouths into the holes and eat the seed . The birds are still trying to figure out where to land . It 's hard to fill and is n't really the best for birdseed with nuts and fruit pieces in it .
 It took the squirrels about a week to chew the top spring but it did not destroy it right away.This is one of the hardest feeder I 've had to clean.Rain gets in easy and rotts the seeds on bottom .
 It is very small , cheap looking and the shipping charges were way to high.Wish I would n't have done this one .
 Do n't buy this windchime . I gave it a 1 star rating , because it would n't post unless I rated it . I have searched for years for the Chinese glass windchimes of my childhood and this windchime sadly does n't even come close . It 's hard to believe the glass does n't even sound like glass ! There is no lilting , ethereal tinkling of glass , just something that sounds closer to plastic ! Honestly , I ca n't believe how much they are charging for these hollow , pathetic semi-reproductions ! They are a totally rip-off at any price . If someone tried to give me one I would n't take it . I was so excited to see these that I purchased 2 and one of them even came broken .
 I bought this as a gift . It is very poorly made , the strings are thin and weak . Not worth the price at all . Also the plastic it was wrapped in looked like it had been lying around for about 50 years . Costly for the workmanship .
 This feeder looks great , but the squirrel baffle sits so low on top of the feeder you can not possibly reach the tubes . This means completely disassembling the feeder to refill it ! AND it wo n't fit onto any pole but the one specially designed for it which is expensive , sold seperatly , and is carried by no one.Very disappointing !
 This feeder looks great , but the squirrel baffle sits so low onto the feeder you can not possible reach to refill the tubes . This means completely disassembling the feeder in order to refill it ! AND it does not fit onto either a standard feeder pole or even onto poles made by the same company . You have to buy the pole that is specially made for this feeder , which is expensive and I have yet to find anyone who carries it .
 This design is a joke . The pruner broke the very first time I tried to use it . The cheap plastic flat opposing piece snapped in two while trying to cut a small branch well within the size limitations ! There is only a single blade crushing against a plastic opposing side . There is no shearing effect at all , just a crushing against cheap plastic by a single dull blade ! I expected two metal blades , or , at the very least , a metal opposing side that would n't break the first time I used it . Do n't waste your money . If you still do n't believe me , find one at your local hardware store that you can at least take back without having to pay for return shipping when it breaks ! I would n't recommend this for hunters or rose pruners or anyone !
 I recently bought the ` heavy-duty ' counterpart to this tool and it seems to have EXACTLY the same problems mentioned by Ladder Man . -LRB- BTW , this pruner seems to be virtually indentical to the Fiskars 7685 , which a lot of reviewers also panned as being junk . -RRB- Stay away from this pruner AND the so-called Heavy-Duty pruner by Gerber . They are just poor quality ... in design , materials , and manufacture .
 Mine broke first time I used it , with hardly any pressure . What a piece of junk . It should come with a 4 pound tube of two ton epoxy . I guess Gerber stands for another great company that caved to selling chinese junk . Guess what ? You just lost al my business .
 The good . . the materials seem of good quality , and if the pole does n't blow down it should last a long time . The house looks nice , and its very functional.The bad . . the house comes in kit form , with all the myriad of small parts contained in the same bag . It took quite a while to sort them and even longer to figure out why the totals did n't match the parts list . It seems that the instructions were developed before some of the assembly work was done at the factory . In other words the installation instructions and parts list , do n't match the kit . I did n't count the pieces , but there must be 60 ea screws and nuts and all of them small . So putting them in difficult to reach places is a real challange . BUT after hours of playing with it , I got it assembled . Almost . . The last part is to hang the 12 doors , and the instructions say to make an adjustment so the doors open easily . Out of the 12 , 9 opened easily , the others were binding on the interior walls to the point of bending the doors . I believe some of the interior parts are not drilled quite right so holes do n't line up which leads to mismatched doors . If I did n't have so much time in the assembly , I 'd strip it down and return it.It appears that the quality control was lacking , and if you like a challange , have at it , and my condolences .
 Mine is going right back for a refund . It 's not worth the money . The unit leaked profusely from the onset from the male hose connection that attaches to the inflow tube on the reel . I swapped out numerous washers , applied teflon tape , etc. , to the connection to try and stop the leaking , but to no avail . I had a suncast reel prior to this one for a number of years that was much better built and more durable . This replacement was basically the same model , but I can only echo the sentiments of the others that the quality has certainly diminished . It is flimsy and made with cheap plastic parts with a very limited lifespan . Maybe be o.k. with use for lighter hoses , but not the heavy duty ones . I 'll be looking for another brand .
 The whole reel is made of cheap and thin plastic . The crank gear is also plastic , and as soon as you put some stress on it -LRB- like trying to rewind a 100ft hose laying on the ground -RRB- it will start skipping and coming apart . The whole product is made of smaller plastic parts that are snapped together , which can not take the smallest amount of stress without breaking off from one another . By my second heavily assisted rewind the whole assembly started leaking like mad -LRB- something else snapped I guess -RRB- , prompting me to return it.This seems to be a common theme with all the Suncast products , as this is a third model of their hose reel that I have tried . If you had a bad experience with one , do not assume that their more expensive units are any better made . They 're just more expensive , that 's all .
 Unbelievably bad quality . Crappy plastic hose connection stripped while attaching hose to reel . The plastic is so soft if you are off just a bit , kiss the connection goodbye and Hosemobile . Never even got to use it once and decided it was not worth the gas and time taking back to Home Depot for a refund . Just save your money and spend more for another product that can withstand some normal use .
 It broke on me after 3-4 uses . The hose does n't roll up unless so effort is put into it . Also , as you crank , it tends to skip around due to its weight and overall poor build quality.Don ' t waste your money .
 first purchase had two left frames -- replacement had no parts bag -- call to Co. , Sara , would send parts bag -- that was over 3 wks ago -- three strikes your out
 Bought it 3 days ago to replace a larger Suncast caddy that finally died after many years and repairs . I put 100 ' of 1/2 '' hose on it carefully -LRB- it 's supposed to hold 175 ' -RRB- I 'd like to see that happen ! It sat for 3 days and when I went to use it , the spool would n't turn because it was broken . One side of the spool that holds the hose had sheared off from the reel . Upon looking closely , I found that it is held together with extremely thin plastic . Do n't buy this product as it is pure garbage and I 'm on my way to Sears now to return this abomination .
 The Suncast model JTT175B hose reel cart I received on 7-30-09 came with a great deal of untrimmed plastic from around the edges of almost every part . I use a 100 foot Craftsman 5/8 inch rubber hose , and I just barely got it on the reel winding it smartly . The gap between the sides of reel and the sides of the cart is just wide enough to allow the hose to flop over the top of the reel and get stuck between them . Often when I pull the hose from the cart the hose gets stuck in the gap forcing me to walk back to free it , often times more than once . The short supply hose that came with the hose reel cart was defective , for it had a bad spraying leak where the male brass end is crimped to the hose . I contacted Suncast by e-mail regarding the defective hose , and I have not received a responce from them in the 3 days before writing this review .
 Cheap , cheap , cheap . So poorly made of such flimsy material , I 'm surprised it survived shipping . The least bit of pressure on the most crucial parts - the ones which should be engineered/manufactured to withstand such pressure - breaks them . And , of course , a company which makes such a terrible product does n't sell replacement parts . More plastic to end up at the dump , and money wasted . I 'd rather drag my hose around in 100 heat and 90 % humidity than ever buy another ! Phew , now I feel better - got it outta my system , now to drag the offending thing out of the yard !
 There is one thing you would expect from a new hose reels , and that is `` not to leak from new ' . I have read dozens of reviews from various websites , and over half of the reviews state that these reels leak from brand new . Wish I had read these reviews first , because despite professional installation , IT LEAKS !!!!!!! DO NOT BUY ANY SUNCAST MODEL , THEY ALL LEAK AND ARE CHEAP JUNK . Plastic is so flimsy that it will fall apart the first time you put the slightest pressure on it . Wish I could give it less than one star .
 I bought this after purchasing a new pillow-top mattress that is very high off the floor . It 's a really pretty piece but the finish was so slippery that it felt dangerous to be stepping on that high . I am a 68 year old female so it might be okay just for looks or for someone younger .
 part of the hardware that connected the steps together -LRB- there were four pieces -RRB- were missing . We were able to find them at the hardware store but I would not trust this company again with a product . Packageing everything up to return and then wait for a replacement was not in the timeframe we needed .
 Hardware included a locking mechanisms made of plastic or some weak alloy . Two broke during assembly.One broke just trying to remove it . We are returning the product and looking for something of higher quality .
 These pots arrived today . They were not 6 '' pots . They were the shorter 6 '' Azalea pots . They were not shipped in a box but in a plastic bag with no cushioning . They arrived damaged .
 I have no idea if this product actually works , as I purchased it based on the fact the description stated it treats up to 8000 gallons . However , the instructions on the bottle state to use 20 oz . for the intial treatment for an 8000 gallon pond and 10 oz for an additional application after 2 weeks . The bottle is only 8 oz . According to the instructions on the bottle , 8 oz . will only treat 1100 gallons , not the 8000 advertised.Shame on Amazon for selling a product with such fraudelent claims !
 We bought this grill from an appliance store and it had a badgas manifold -- the grill never heated up ... after testing various options we sent it back to the store and bought a Kenmore instead -- fired up and used it the same day ...
 I ca n't keep the burners from rusting . Owned it for 5 years and am ready for my 3rd set of burners . Cooks reasonably even and well when the burners are n't screwed up and flaming out.Supposedly the burners have a 15 year warranty on them . They must be installed by an authorized Frigidaire tech . The authorized Frigidaire tech in my area charged me $ 60 to do it . Frigidaire just said , `` Sorry . ''
 The trailer was intended to be used on a farm to transport a 150 gallon water tank to refill water tubs in the horse pastures . The product was easy enough to assemble despite the sketchy diagram provided in the box . The first problem quickly appeared after the first rain . You would expect an agricultural trailer to be properly coated for prolonged outdoor use , but rust spots appeared within a few days of the rainy weather . Within 3 months , one of the tires went flat despite very limited use . A local service station told me that the inner tube could not be repaired because the tire had significant dry rot - after only 3 months !! I checked the remaining tires ; each had varying degrees of dry rot . Of course , all were labeled ` made in China . ' The trailer cost almost $ 400 with shipping . It should have been made much better .
 Trailer came in three separate packages on three separate days ... All the boxes were damaged in transit!I did n't realize that I was missing some parts until I started assembling ... Many nuts and bolts were missing which I purchased at Home Depot ... However , it seems that both tail lights were `` injured '' in transit . The right taillight was scraped as was the right fender ... -LRB- not damaged sufficiently to prevent using -RRB- ... however , when I was testing the lights and circuits , I discovered the left taillight lens was cracked !!! I called Amaazon and without leaving my name or information , I was told to contact the shipper ... Michaels , whoever they are ... anyway.the manufacturers name was on the boxes , so I contacted them -LRB- Northern Tool and Equipment -RRB- and was told they are not responsible , but I could buy the parts from them ... It turns out that I can not buy just the lens , I must buy the taillight kit containing Left and right complete light assemblies ... all I need is the one lens and a little paint ! Anyway , the total cost is over $ 42.00 including shipping ! This is one really BAD EXPERIENCE !!!
 I bought two of these one lasted three applications , the other lasted two.Save the heartburn I had , and buy the Gilmour brass hose end sprayer , its like night and day . It only cost five or six dollars more , but you have something that will last you a lifetime . Yes it is also made in the USA . Check it out , I got a good price right here on Amazon when I bought it . Stay well Retired early
 If you read the positive reviews , you will notice all those customers purchased this item many years ago . The recent models are completely worthless . I had water leaking out my first time using it . Cleaning and tinkering with it fixes the issue . However , it 's a frustrating hassle every single time I use it to get it just right so it 'll spray . Steer clear .
 I 'm posting another bad review for this Ortho sprayer , in the hopes that Ortho may someday get the message and fix their product . Basically , after a few uses , the integrity of the vacuum mechanism breaks down for no particular reason , water comes gushing from the plastic trigger housing , and no more of the chemical mixes with the water . ... so you end up spraying plain water for twenty minutes before you realize it . I 'm going to check the Gilmour sprayer , it looks to have eight stars here on Amazon .
 I 've gone through two of these . If your lucky , you might get one yard spraying out of the device , but most the time , you 'll be spraying happily for 30 minutes , until you realize that the 12oz of product you put inside the bottle , is still at exactly 12oz . I disassembled , inspected , tried to put the siphon hose in tighter , to no avail . I just spent a frustrating hour trying to spray on some broadleaf killer , and it was a total waste of my time . The sprayer was bought last year , and is perfectly clean . I had another one last year , that I threw away because it stopped working during the 2nd fertilizer spraying . Again , the thing was clean and clear of any clogs.In short , this thing is cheap , and simply does n't work . If I could give it ZERO stars , I 'd do it . A product that does n't work , deserves no stars , right?I had a similar sprayer to this one , with a glass bottle . I think it was 30 years old , until it finally stopped working . I will take some of the other reader 's advice , and spend a few bucks on a better product .
 I bought one at Lowes . I used it once and it seemed to work ok , then I rinsed it well , then later that day tried to use it again , and a bunch of water leaked out of the device . I took it back to Lowes and got a replacement . I used this one once , and then when I filled it with water to rinse it out , it leaked exactly like the other one did . We have been using these things for years and they used to be great , but now they do seem to be junk .
 I suggest you do n't buy this piece of junk . I followed the instructions trying to apply an Ortho weed killer , which suggested the use of this sprayer . The liquid level never changed during the whole time I sprayed -LRB- about 3,000 ft2 -RRB- , so basically I waste my time.The sprayer was new and I checked that the nozzle was not plugged , so no excuse for Ortho .
 This thing is a piece of junk . It either sprays none of the product or when it actually does suck some of it in it uses way too much . I just wasted 7 hours spraying my lawn with intermittent mixing of my weed killer . Did n't buy it from Amazon and ca n't return it - too long ago . Why pay shipping and handling to replace one piece of junk with another ? 10 year warranty is pointless . Will look for something else .
 This is a great sprayer in concept , just one unit to accurately deliver many products that have different mix rates . I am not convinced the dial system is very accurate.I have 12,500 sf of lawn to spray . It should take 2 1/2 bottles of Weed-B-Gone . Instead , it takes 8 bottles ! I just bought a new one and Weed-B-Gone runs through it at the same rate -- about three times faster than it should .
 I bought this product as it was one of the cheapest sprayers and the saying `` You get what you pay for '' applies totally to this product . The product worked for a few days . I do n't even think it was mixing the proportions right when it was working , the Ortho insecticide concentrate that went into it ended in a few minutes - it was supposed to make 16 gallons and last a while , however I am sure it ended in like 5 mins or so of spraying . Not only did I waste my money on this spray product , my whole insecticide was also wasted . Stay away from this horribly engineered product .
 I attempted to spray a fungicide on my lawn with this sprayer . After spraying for about 20 minutes I realized that the product was not being drawn up into the hose spray . I checked the tubing , attempted to push it on tighter etc. . I then sprayed an area approx 4 square feet . All of the product was deposited into this area in less than 1 minute . So now I have a small section of lawn that is extremely overtreated and the rest untreated . So I am now watering that area for the next hour in an attempt to dilute the product and not further harm my lawn . So I am out the product , watering for 1 hour , and my time ! Very annoyed !
 For years I had a old fashioned kind of Ortho sprayer where one had to measure the liquid before pouring it into the bottle . Worked like a charm until old age got the best of it and I had to purchase the newer dial n spray . First one I got sucked all the product out of the bottle in no time so figure somehow the water was n't getting mixed in . This sprayer soon ended up in the trash . Think I have reluctantly purchased 2-3 others since then and all have ended up smashed to pieces due to frustration or in the trash . Latest one worked for three applications and today just decided it was done sucking product from the bottle . I am done wasting my money on such a worthless and unreliable product .
 Bought one of these at Ace Hardware . Hooked it up to the hose and it worked for about 20 seconds before water started gushing out a hole in the back of the sprayer attachment . Was n't able to tighten the hose any further or stop the leak . Ended up returning it .
 This product was an absolute waste of money . It did not work.Not even after I also purchased the ortho singles application Weed B Gone 4-pack bottlesand followed the directions on the package.I sldo did a google search looking for videos demonstrating someone successfully using this product and nothing could be found . Wish I could get a refund.Save your money and try something else .
 The first year I used it it worked fine . I left insecticidal soap/water mix in it over the winter . So I guess I have no right to complain , but I just wasted an hour spraying before I noticed that the level of the mixture had not gone down in the reservoir .
 I bought one at Lowes . I used it once and it seemed to work ok , then I rinsed it well , then later that day tried to use it again , and a bunch of water leaked out of the device . I took it back to Lowes and got a replacement . I used this one once , and then when I filled it with water to rinse it out , it leaked exactly like the other one did . We have been using these things for years and they used to be great , but now they do seem to be junk .
 Have used these for years in the past and they were fine and reliable . However the new ones are terrible . I bought 4 for different things and two did not draw the pesticide at all . Of the remaining two , one managed to draw liquid for 1/2 an application . the other made it 2 whole applications .
 This product was good in the past , delivering near correct amounts of chemical . More recent versions are poorly calibrated . Beware of inaccurate overly applied chemical delivery which may produce unexpected result -- especially lawn herbicides .
 Unit leaks below the trigger , bought another one and had the same problem , Ortho must be run by bean counters to sell such junk . Gave it One star because I ca n't give Zero .
 Dont waste your money . I used it with dye . This enables me to see the mix . Water comes out at the end of the sprayer uncolored . Therefore the sprayer does not mix properly . Do n't waste your money , this product does not work . I am giving it a one star because this is the first time I have rated a product and I do n't know if 0 stars will show up .
 Unlike some one-star reviewers -LRB- and yeah , why does n't Amazon offer the option of NO star ? -RRB- , I did n't even get one full use out of my brand-new sprayer . It gave two weak spritzes - one could hardly call spraying what it did - then leaked water out of the handle near the hose end and expired . The only liquid emanating from it was the leak.Seriously , if Ortho had a business conscience -LRB- OK , OK , I know it 's an oxymoron -RRB- , they 'd reimburse all purchasers for this piece of crap . Their reputation just fell off a cliff in my estimation !
 Pure junk . I bought two of these , one for weed killers , and one for fertilizers . Both broke within a month .
 The liner is what was expected . However the flow of the pump is not what would be needed for a pond . I would certainly suggest buying the pump and liner seperattly and decide on your own water feature after the pond is set up .
 I TRIED TO SPRAY THIS WAX ON MY BOAT AFTER CLEANING , IT WAS PRETTY WATERY & DID NOT SEEM TO DO MUCH
 I had these glasses for all of ... 5 minutes . They arrived kinda twisted , and having owned sunglasses and safety glasses before , you can generally twist them slightly to bend them back into shape ... Happily enough , the arm snapped off the glasses right then and there , and instead of looking to buy another pair of glasses to repair them , or new arms ... I just tossed them . There are better available .
 Have n't yet had this feeder long enough to talk about its weatherproofness ... But , without the metal ring to deter the squirrels - I almost ordered it - OUR squirrels think it is an awesome feeder ! :-LRB- Not only do they fit nicely between the seed dispenser and the bottom tray , but they are eating away at the plastic lip of the dispenser . It 's just a matter of time before they gnaw off the whole lip , which will open up the dispenser and empty out the seed . I 've only had this a week . Great investment . There goes another 65 bucks . Time to make my own feeder . And yes , I considered buying the metal ring to guard against the squirrels , but I 've read that it is impossible for cardinals -LRB- and probably most birds -RRB- to work their way into the slots . Birds should n't have to work so hard ! Hard for me to believe it is impossible to manufacture a feeder that 1 -RRB- keeps out squirrels , and 2 -RRB- is weather proof.groan .
 I ordered this feeder along with the seperate squirrel-proof cage.First off , this feeder is gigantic and fairly ugly ... . even uglier with the cage on it.Secondly , all it is is plastic and a little bit of metal -LRB- the hook and screw part -RRB- ... . it is not worth that much money . I would say a third of what they 're charging would be more appropriate.And the worst part about it is the squirrel-proof cage . It really does n't look like any of the pictures . The problem is the openings between the grates are only about an inch or so wide !!! How the heck is a cardinal going to fit through there ?? To feed , a bird has to actually crawl underneath and `` into '' this feeder and then reach sky-ward above their heads -LRB- another strange thing about this feeder -RRB- . They ca n't just perch on the outside and stick their heads through the cage to get at the seed.If you have money to burn and are interested in feeding incredibly tiny birds without feeding squirrels , then this feeder 's for you .
 It took only a few days for the birds to figure out how to use this feeder . At first I thought it was wonderful that I finally found something that prevents the seeds from getting mouldy , plus the feeder is large enough that I do n't have to keep refilling it too frequently . Unfortunately , even with the squirrel cage , the opening is too large and rats got in . I 'm back to my weight sensitive feeder now . This was a waste of money ...
 Good quality . Visually a nice design . Trouble is that only the sparrows and house finches have figured out how to use it -- and ONLY if I use hulled sunflower seeds . Cardinals ca n't or wo n't use it . Using my seed of preference -- safflower -- then nothing can use it . Very disappointed
 i have at least 30 bird feeders this is the worst i every had trying to refill it is a nightware 67 dollars was nuts they should be giving it away cant sent back try to refill it n it fell apart crased down into pieces DONT BY THIS FEEDER YOUR ONLY WASTING YOUR MONEY
 I 've had this since the summer and had couple but they could n't figure out how to get to the seed ... have left it out and still no birds . Also seed in tray still gets wet in rain and then they do n't want it . Have cleaned out the tray and put fresh seed but they have given up on it . Very disappointed for the price !
 This could be a really great piece , but the construction quality is incredibly shoddy . The welds are messy , the tile looks cheaply put together . Also , the tile panels do n't line up , the pan in the middle is out of round , and it generally looks cheap for a $ 300 piece of hardware . The one good part , as usual , is Amazon . Quick shipping and great customer service .
 This item does not work it is a waste of money . The ground is nit air tight .
 I 'm in northern California and have a winter vegetable garden going . Found an active gopher tunnel in my vegetable garden bed where I 'd been losing vegetables for several weeks . Ran exhaust down the tunnel as instructed for over 30 minutes . Pulled the hose and opened up the tunnel . Within 20 minutes the gopher had plugged it back up . Tried it on two other holes and they also were plugged back up within an hour .
 This thing does not fit on my 2004 Toyota Mini Van . Tried to make it work using a filler material but it only leaked and/or blew off once pressure built up . Also , note that if you try to use this on a vehicle that has two exhaust pipes , I do n't think you will be able to build up adequate pressure . Too bad ... I really thought it was a great idea and could work if it only truly was one size fits all !
 After repeated attempts over two weeks with different lengths of hoses the product was a total failure . The gopher still persists . It was a waste of time and gas .
 First of all the lack of instructions was a factor . I `` gassed '' 4 different areas for 20 minutes each . Within 2 days the mounds and tunnels were back . This could be operator error as there were no instructions as to what length of hose to use .
 I bought one of these things to get rid of the smart gophers who would n't fall for the Black Hole . Since it had rained a lot , I waited a month or so to try it and I found the device is too large for each of my four vehicles and thus , is useless . The product is still in mint condition but since it was more than 30 days , there 's no returns and I 'm screwed and the gophers still live long and prosper . Then again , last nite , I set five Black Holes and bumped off three gophers . One size does not fit all ...
 I have a GMC Yukon , and the product is too small for my exhaust.Therefore , unusable , as far as I can see .
 First , I 'm a homeowner that moved into a bank owned property that was vacant for 2 years . Every gopher in the neighborhood has made my yard their home.First , I tried poison bait . No luck , or at least no visible luck . Holes continued to show up at a rate of about half a dozen a day -LRB- .7 acre yard -RRB- . Then came gopher gassers . No luck there either . Then , this product.So , the `` operation '' consisted of a 12 ' hose -LRB- thinking the shorter the better -RRB- and a 1986 Suzuki Samurai with emissions that should be able to knock out a gopher . But , alas , no luck . I would drive the Samurai all over the yard , locate the tunnel , shove the hose in , sometimes up to 6 ' down both directions . In one instance the gopher was back in just a couple hours throwing dirt out . I even tried to plink it with a BB rifle , but missed . In my opinion , this only aggravated the situation . More holes.On a related note , the device took considerable effort to obtain a reasonable seal on the exhaust pipe . The Samurai has a `` small '' exhaust , and is curved at the last 1-2 '' . As much as I could clamp down , it seemed I could only achieve about a 75 % seal on the pipe . I believe it would work better on the wider -LRB- 3 '' ? -RRB- exhaust.I have tried the `` plunger '' type traps too . No luck there.The only thing that I 've had any success with is the `` inside the tunnel '' traps . Kind of `` old school '' traps , but darned it that was the last thing I tried ... I landed one of them today.Good hunting ... whatever your choice !
 Got this device to get rid of voles I had ruing my yard . They were living under the sidewalk and thought this would work great . For starters any car with a chrome muffler tip may require you to remove it , as I had to for the device to fit on the muffler . Also I have a dual exhaust so I 'm not quite sure that enough exhaust fumes were going through the hose as the fume smell was not that strong . Let it run for 15min and filled in the holes . The next moring I saw one of the holes was dug back out so I do n't think it worked . Maybe not ment for my car -LRB- 2007 honda accord -RRB- .
 Advertized as Copper but is is only Copper colored . I received mine and it has a dent in side of it and it has stains on bottom ! Looks like it has been USED.The return policy says I have to pay for everthing so i will just not ever buy anything from this seller again ! If there was something less than 1 star that , s what I would give this company .
 `` nonstick copper color silicone coating over carbon steel '' -- from another websiteIt 's made of carbon steel , not even stainless steel , and certainly not copper .
 Used with Weber Silver grill . Lid would not shut as it hits the basket handle . Designed not to flip either . Poor design .
 I 'm not sure as to what I did n't understand about the product description , but the pot -LRB- and matching tray -RRB- I purchased are made out of plastic . They look okay I suppose , but I was really disappointed in the quality of the product . I thought it was going to be made out of clay . They need to put in the description that it 's made out of plastic . I do n't know why it says `` clay '' in the description , very misleading .
 I was very surprised that the shovel is 100 % plastic . It has no metal on the shovel 's edge , so it will likely wear quickly on the concrete and asphalt . This shovel cost nearly $ 20.00 from Toby 's Tool Shed . They also charged $ 69.00 for shipping . Yes , I 'm stupid !! I actually did n't see the shipping charge before it was ordered . I ordered another shovel from a different vendor , and the shipping was only $ 9.60 . Do n't be fooled by Toby 's Tool Shed . The product is cheap plastic and they charge too much .
 After reading several reviews I was expecting this $ 30 + shovel to last at least a few and maybe several winters . Alas . Two areas of complaint
 It seems cheaply made compared to other shovels I have purchased . The reviews were so good that I thought this would be great . It is average . I bought another shovel after I recieved this from Rural King for half the price and twice the quality . I did n't return because its too much of a hassle . Very lightweight and cheap .
 I purchased this at the end of last winter so did n't have a chance to use it . Now that I 've used it once I 'm not happy with it . On the shovel I received the blade is not straight , it 's actually bowed a bit so the middle hits the ground while the edges curl up slightly not touching the ground , so I 'm only getting about 1/2 the usefulness out of the wide blade . First time I bought a snow shovel sight unseen and probably the last . When I buy it at the store I can check to see it 's level by setting it on the ground . Shoveling snow is n't the funnest chore , doing it with a defective shovel that covers half the ground it should makes it way worse .
 This shovel worked well for the 3 times that it lasted . This morning , on its third and final use , it cracked right down the scoop portion and broke into two halves . I liked it because it was light weight with a wide scoop and a long handle -LRB- I 'm tall -RRB- , but it doesnt very well do me any good if its only going to work for three uses . I 've lived in snowy climates my entire life and have never had a shovel last only 3 uses . Perhaps this is an expensive shovel with cheap materials , or something of the like . In any event , do not buy this shovel . Amazon requires at least one star for my rating ... It actually earned zero stars from me though.I contacted Amazon to see how they will help me out with this issue , but I would recommend against this shovel . Hopefully Amazon will take care of me and allow me to buy a different shovel with account credits.EDIT
 I use this shovel on a rough finish concrete circular driveway . I have used it a total of seven times and have lost about five inches off the end of the shovel due to wear.If you have a smooth surface to work on I 'm sure you will get a lot more use.I am now looking for a 27 '' replacement with a steel wear strip . Suncast does make one , SP2750 , but the wear strip is on the top , not the bottom of the shovel .
 Did n't get the part I ordered . Just a total waste . Would have been cheaper to buy the part from a dealer . Was the same part number but not the same part . Tried the get hold of amazon and they are worthless !
 Overpriced . All form and no function . The best example are the tongs . Completely worthless . Ca n't pick up anything . I bought on impulse based on the ealier reveiws . Obviously planted.Another downfall , the handles leak some type of grease .
 I got this as a father 's day gift . It looks very nice , but the handles of kabob skewers are injection-molded with plastic , which melted all over the grill when I actually used them . WTF ? What genius puts plastic in tools that are going to be exposed to high temperatures ?!? The case fell apart , the tongs are cumbersome , the salt/pepper shakers do n't stay closed and are hard to clean , and the grill brush handle bends to pressure . The spatula works - I guess it 's impossible to screw that up . Same with the fork and knife . Do n't waste your time with this set .
 When I opened this package 1 week before Christmas , I was very disappointed to see the cheap , plastic handle was completely broken off ! I contemplated sending the item back for a replacement , but the plastic handle was so poorly designed , I 'm sure even another product would break easily . Fortunately , I was able to drill metal screws into the handle and 're - design ' it so it 's more durable , and saved my Christmas surprise . For the price , this ' 21-piece ' , many of which are just small kabob-rods or grill-scrapers , was less than I expected . Better off buying higher quality separate grill accessories that you 'll use , rather than this assortment .
 Not much to say -- yet . The germination instructions for these seeds are offputting for anyone not geared up for long waits . Decided to simply do things the natural way and cover the seeds with a little leaf litter and mulch this fall and see what happens.Elaeagnus augustifolia
 Yes , this pool vacuum does what it says . But , there are two major problems . # 1 The `` sock '' filter lets fine sediment through - which re-clouds the water . # 2 Using the hose with enough water pressure to create the vaccum - fills the pool too much . I tried it in my 1,100 gallon pool -LRB- fairly small -RRB- ; yet I was disappointed upon opening the box to discover how small the vacuum head was - barely 4 '' wide . As for SilvoHome & Garden , the business from which it was sent - I could n't be more pleased . I returned the Supa-Vac to them and they have credited Amazon who will in turn credit my account . Emma
 I ordered a six foot stake which arrived with plenty of packaging around it but it was bent in two places . The UPS man said that was how he received it to load it on his truck . It is not worth the hassle of returning it but is probably an item best not trusted to be shipped !
 I purchased two of these now and I still have no results . I figured I would give it time before writing a review . Went and had the water tested and I was told I needed the Algaway . Again , two months later and no results . I do n't know if I would purchase this again .
 If you are a serious gardener , this is NOT a tool for you ! I read the reviews , and thought it sounded plausible . It is for snipping stems the size of clematis flowers ... not for pruning .
 I bought this item for my brothers birthday . After he opened it he tested it out on a branch that was about 1/4 inch in diameter . I heard a `` snap '' when he made his first cut . It was n't the branch , but the steel inside that holds a cable that 's attached to the cutter head . I took it apart , saw the steel that holds the cable . It was about 1/16 of an inch thick , inch and a half long and 3/16 wide it was a riveted piece , that could not be fixed . Pretty crappy itemI do n't think consumers care about the crap we get from Taiwan or China . We just keep taking it in the a ** and do n't do a thing about it ! Look for something made in the US.no matter what you buy . Lets stop this madness !
 None of the seeds grew , I paid more for the shipping than the seeds itself . I am very disappointed .
 Squirrels were in my feeder the next day . I watched them run up the pole and hop over the disk . Could n't believe they did it , but they did.also the disk has to slip over the pole . we had to cut part of the pole to slip the disk on . All this work and the squirrels still out-smarted us .
 If you do n't mind buying two a season this baffle works great . Deters the majority of squirrels but I did have two large squirrels that were big enough to pull the baffle down and reach the top lip to pull themselves up.They get brittle quickly in the sun and require dismantling the entire feeder assembly to slide on the collar and the baffle . Squirrels will realize that they can break brittle baffles by slamming them into the metal pole . Over a year the center collar was quite chewed up , if I had decided to keep this system I would have needed to replace the collar by next year.I 've moved to an all metal baffle system -LRB- Stokes Select 38046 -RRB- and while I have no doubt that the squirrels will figure a way around it , I wo n't have to worry about them getting around the system by destroying the product .
 I liked the product but the pole that my bird feeler hangs on has a 2 prong stand that goes in the ground.This quirrel baffle only goes on a straight pole.You really need to say what kind of stand it will work on.The squirrel baffle was fine except it would not work on my stand .
 Definately disappointed , basically a scotts spreader you get at HomeDepot for $ 40 with big tires . Does not throw seed or fertiler any better than my old $ 40 one . Sending it back .
 I have owned 4Earthway Spreaders in the past 25 years and have always been happy with them . My favorite was the large model with large tires . This one 's leaver cord broke the 5th time I used it . I would like to order another large one but I think the company should give me some kind of credit . I 'm sure every product has a lemon or two.s
 I have a 1/2 acre lawn adjancent to a golf course in Smithfield VA. . Our lawn is a fine fescue blend that I work hard to keep in great shape . I 'm not a Master Gardener , but I am a member of the Cypress Creek garden club , and do quite a bit of tropical gardening also -LRB- to see the yard , go to webshots and search for `` landscaping in southeastern virginia '' -RRB- . I bought this spreader after using an old Scott 's spreader that had worn out , hoping that it would be easier to push . It was very easy to assemble , but was missing a nut upon arrival -LRB- luckily I had what I needed on hand -RRB- . I have had great success in greening up my yard by putting down Scott 's Crabgrass Preventer with Halts in February , and I just finished putting down 2 bags of it today . Each bag covers 18,000 sq ft. I am a fairly strong man , and I have to say that this spreader is NOT what I had hoped when I bought it , as I put one bag in at a time , and it about wore me out . I now have a headache from using it , and will replace it with something else before the next time I have to fertilize or overseed the yard.I bought the spreader based on the glowing reviews here on Amazon , and in this case , it was a mistake . One thing I think is a problem is the handle design - it 's not very ergonomic . I believe a `` T '' shaped handle would work much better than the `` U '' shape it has . The current handle does not feel natural when pushing it with a full load -LRB- and by full I mean only 50 lbs , NOT 80lbs as advertised -RRB- , especially when trying to manuever it around corners . I consistently found myself changing hand position , going from holding it with both hands on the cross bar , to changing my hands to holding it on the outside edges . Neither is very comfortable while pushing a heavy load.Also , whenever I hit a dip in the yard , it tends to dip forward letting some of the fertilizer spill out of the front of the bucket when full . If you do n't gather this up , it will cause the grass in that area to die from too much fertilizer.For all the rest who rated it high , I hope you enjoy it , and best of luck with it . For me , I 'm looking elsewhere for my next one .
 When I first got the spreader , I thought , wow , this thing is great . But now , I am regretting my purchase.Pros :1 -RRB- The spreader opening is nicely designed and should allow sufficient spreading . It 's nice that it 's multiple openings . Spreads very nicely.Cons :1 -RRB- I thought the tires would help a lot , but not really . In FL , with St Augustine grass , the rear kick stand bar still drags in the grass and makes it hard to push the spreader .2 -RRB- The mechanism for spreading is on/off with no easy brake like grip . This means you have to THINK about turning it on/off all the time or it just keeps spreading .3 -RRB- My biggest gripe - You are on your own to figure out what the correct setting is to use . I have n't found a single bag of anything that offers a recommended Earthway setting . And earthway only offers ONE table for unknown granule size , and that table is useless . So , it 's really frustrating to know if I am putting down the right amount . Initially I was dropping to much stuff . So now I have to be conservative and I choose a MUCH lower setting than usual , and so I end up with left over and I need to do ANOTHER pass . I have to keep a notepad handy so that I can write down what settings I used with each bag so I finetune my settings . I NEVER had this problem with the cheaper built Scott 's spreaders.And so , that is why I am frustrated . It IS a great spreader . I want to give it 5 stars . But the fact that I actually now spend more time spreading chemicals and having to be like a scientist documenting what I 've done , does n't make me happy at all and that 's why I give it 1 star . I recently bought Talstar , expensive stuff . The earthway chart is so wrong . I wasted so much . Now I need to start out with a small `` weighted '' amount , walk a predetermined area and see if the setting is high or low . Eventually , I 'll get my numbers but the process is EXTREMELY frustrating.I just do n't see why Earthway ca n't test the most popular chemicals themselves and provide a chart . It would make things A LOT easier.If I had to do it all over again , I would just get the scott 's spreader , deal with the fact that the scotts is a cheaper built spreader , but at least I 'd know that I just need to read the instructions on the bag , choose the setting that the bags says , and get the job done quickly and easily . And I 'd get back the very nice taken for granted convenience of a simple brake like lever to turn the spreader on/off easily while walking .
 4/6/2012 I received the spreader with the control handle knob poking out of the box and missing a part . I called up Earthway and they no questions asked are sending me a whole new control knob . I have to replace it but their cust . service person was very nice . When assembled i felt that it was cheaply made esp . for the $ 100 that was spent on it . The handle is way too short and makes maneuvering and using the spreader much more difficult . Lastly . do n't use any type of powdery type product such as Lime because the agitator is much too small to feed the broadcaster . Pelleted lime and grass was good but again that handle needs to be longer , anyone over 5 ' 7 '' is going to find this spreader cumbersome to use .
 I will preface my review by stating that I am new to gardening and this was my first broadcast spreader purchase.Pros
 I bought this Spreader hoping upgrade from the standard Scott 's speader . I used it once in the spring and then went to use it in September and the wheels would turn . Upon further investigation I noticed that the Impeller warped and was hitting the body of spreader preventing the wheels from turning . I bent the impeller , which was very easy to do because the plastic is not rigid , and was able to use the speader , albeit , I 'm not sure how accurate it was.I called Earthway and they sent me a new Impeller without any hassle . But it 's made the same way as the orignial one , filmsy soft plastic , which I 'm sure will warp . Very disapponting .
 I had tried the smaller version of this trap and found that it worked great for catching mice and voles , so I assumed the larger version of the trap would eliminate our chipmunk infestation problem . Unfortunately , the chipmunks could lick the bait off this trap without difficulty . Day after day we found our bait stolen , yet the trap was not snapped . We used peanut butter and bird seed . Maybe something else would work better .
 My particular rat was about 5 inches long -LRB- with a 5 inch-long tail -RRB- . He loved the Intruder rat trap . For three nights I placed peanut butter in the trap and each time he licked the trap clean -- and never got caught . The first two times the trap sprung shut after-the-fact -LRB- perhaps the rat bumped into it while cleaning off his whiskers after his lovely peanut butter meal -RRB- . The third time the trap did n't even bother to shut . It sat there in the morning , still open , with the peanut butter stolen by my rat . Finally I placed a small bit of peanut butter on a rat-sized glue trap and place the trap against one of my baseboards . Mr. Nibbles was caught in about 3 hours . He is now very much a dead Mr. Nibbles . But do n't feel too sorry for him , he enjoyed many lovely peanut butter meals thanks to the Intruder Rodent Restaurant -- I mean Rodent Trap .
 I could not get my birds to eat this . I tried using it in an established feeder for a few weeks , I replace my nectar at least twice a week , but the birds simply stopped coming . I finally gave up and went back to the basic boiled water/sugar mixture and the birds were back in about a week
 I hate giving bad reviews because I do n't want to hurt anyones feelings , but this broke after just 5 minutes after it was mounted on the garage wall . I 'm assuming that it 's not meant to be screwed to a wall ? Anyhow , it was never allowed to be enjoyed . It was cute , though .
 The first time I used this feeder , it worked flawlessly . Then I had to clean it . Getting the bottom apart was a royal pain , and it has leaked ever since . The ants on the ground are extremely happy , but I am not!On the plus side , the birds loved the perches .
 Have the feeder hanging on a hook and when the wind blows the liquid leaks -LRB- pours -RRB- out of the port holes when the feeder tips from being blown ! What a mess on the ground below the feeder -LRB- and ant attraction -RRB- , and waste of the liquid .
 First of all , these are fragile . Drop it and the thin brittle globe will break.But most importantly , the snap on plastic lid leaks and it is on the bottom of the feeder so all the fluid escapes.I tried two of them and they both leaked .
 Have excellent luck with attracting orioles with this feeder , but this feeder has a tendency to leak . Had to add tape to keep it from leaking .
 We received the pump and installed it for the new year during good weather . It lasted 4 days and quit working . I have re-ordered a second one hoping this is just a case of getting the one lemon in stock .
 This product is made from cheap material , way overpriced compare to other brands , and once you get grease on it - that 's it !! Hard to clean , does n't resist weather well . After returning this item , I went ahead and tried others by the same manufacturer , but they 're all made out of the same cheap quality . Got a piece of outdoor carpet , weather resistance , and that seems to be the best answer for under the grill.Thank you . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Burned out in less than a year . A standard iron core transformer is placed in a plastic box where it ca n't cool properly so it burns out , exactly like the original . Looks good though !
 The price and the picture say it all . Cheaply constructed . You get what you paid for ... Do yourself a favor , invest in a GOOD hammock .
 Not best quality and comes without the stand . The very first picture that you see when you enter the product page on amazon is this hammock with the stand ; however , pay attention . This hammock comes WITHOUT the stand . Something I did n't think of reviewing in the product description and bought it . Now I 'm stuck with it . I think this is how this company sells their products . You buy one , now you are forced to buy the other for a much higher price . This is definitely false advertising.I contacted the company and explained my situation . Their response was `` amazon does not let us put notes on the pictures '' . Come on ! Use Photoshop to add text to the photo , it only takes 2 minutes !
 This hammock looks great , but the weave is so loose that my 4 year old son put his head right through it . Immediately after we put it up he made a game out of lying in it with his head hanging down through the hammock and his hair brushing the ground . -LRB- Kids are so creative ! -RRB- He could strangle himself doing that , though , so we immediately returned it . This is in comparison to our old hammock made in Costa Rica , which was woven tighter . My son could not play strangulation games with it!The other thing about this hammock that was unpleasant is that it comes in a vinyl clear plastic bag that smells awful , so the hammock smells awful , too . Even with the hammock up outside I could not sit in it , but I assume that the smell would go away over time . I am more sensitive to the toxic smell of vinyl than most people are.The other reviews are accurate ; the rope is soft , the spreaders are big , and it looks nice . However , I would not recommend it for anyone with a child or anyone who has chemical sensitivities .
 Ordered this hammock along with an arc hammock stand . According to the measurements , it should have fit , but it has turned out to be too long . Also , it stretches out A LOT when you are in it . And there is no way two people can be in it without touching the ground . It might be okay between trees , but not with a stand . It does dry quickly .
 I 'm amazed at the diversity of opinions about this product - we 've got to be receiving different versions of this hammock . 80 pounds -LRB- have n't tried less yet -RRB- on my hammock drops you spine-first , right down on the stand . The price and soft cords would be nice if not for the drop , which makes everything else about the hammock useless . It is unusuable , to the point that I would n't feel comfortable trying to sell it to someone else unless they took a ride on it first . Before you buy it , envision yourself kicking your brand new hammock to the curb with the cans , a week after receiving it . I hope the seller can get the consistency straight , as I 'd love to buy the 5 star version at this price .
 The only good thing about this hammock is the price . I knew it was too good to be true . By looking at the hammock it looked fine but the rope was more like a stretchy soft yarn . I put the hammock up on my large hammock stand that I bought at brookstone . I had my 6 yr old sit on the hammock and it went right to the ground . I tried to make it as tight as possible but still it would not even hold up my six year old so I was not about to try it out . I guess you could maybe attach this to some trees in the yard but it would have to be ten feet high so hopefully there is a ladder nearby . I then had to pay $ 16 to ship this back . I guess you live and learn . You get what you pay for .
 I am very disapointed in this hammock . The ropes are very thin and hurt when you get into it . The squirrels really love it though . They have already chewed through alot of the ropes . Good thing i was n't very attached to it . I will have to spend more money and get a better one . This one was awful ! You definitely get what you pay for .
 All the specifications for this item indicate it is polyester and will hold up better in damp climates , but I received a cotton Hammock . Gave the seller this feedback but have not received any response . Not recommended .
 I would not recommend this item . The weave is very loose and does not offer much support . I plan to send mine back for a refund .
 MSN Direct was shut down on January 1 , 2012 . WMS801 AND WMS802 do NOT wotk completely without mdn direct active .
 Unit was offered at a good price and arrived promptly . Unfortunately , it was poorly packed and , as a result , was damaged in shipping . It appeared as if the face of the radio had been bouncing on the electrical prongs of the transformer . The left side polished metal panel had a couple dozen dings and the plastic screen cover had a 3/4 '' scratch , 1/2 '' of which was over the viewing part of the screen . It was not received in the immaculate shape it was described as . Following the directions provided by the Amazon website , I emailed the seller and asked for his return policy and have received no reply in over a month . What can I say ?
 . . I 've set it outside , clear view of the sky , etc. . Held down the button to get it to resync , but after a week , I 'm convinced this is just an overpriced paperweight now . Find another brand.It 's annoying that everything breaks in a year and fills up our landfills . I would gladly pay more for things that last . I remember the days when a clock/alarm would work for 20 + years before it needed to be replaced . Maybe it 's time to hit the flea markets for a retro 70s bedside clock/alarm .
 The unit works partially as advertised and correctly receives and displays the current outdoor temperature , humidity , time and date.However all four days of forecast are wildly incorrect . The MSN weather source here in my large metropolitan area must be sending bogus data to the weather station . I 've compared the WMS802 forecast to the local TV broadcasters and Internet sources such as AccuWeather . They are correct and the WMS802 is not.Investigation reveals that MSN Direct service is now targeted to the latest GPS mobile devices and annual subscriptions . For some reason these devices do n't display the four day forecast . Further MSN Direct offers no support for Oregon Scientific owners . Oregon Scientific support says they will get back with you promptly - within SEVEN business days ! Lastly MSN Direct charges $ 129 for a lifetime subscription fee for each device . Looks like Oregon Scientific customers are caught in the middle with no way out.I was hoping to eliminate maintaining my own outdoor sensor by purchasing the WMS802 , but I have no choice but to go back . Finally the display is designed for desktop use only . Otherwise the text is too small .
 I read that MSN Direct -LRB- the service that provides the data to the weather station -RRB- is to be discontinued on 1/1/12 . That means you will only have a digital clock and humidity readouts after that date . What a waste of money this instrument has been . Do n't waste your dollars on this one !
 The 801 would get 5 stars and was a very good product however on June 1 2011 MSNDIRECT stopped sending data rendering the unit useless . Oregon Scientific is no longer connected with MSN DIRECT and is no longer listed as a supported product . If you are considering purchasing one do n't !!!!!!!!!!!! I have 2 units available that I am considering throwing out . If you know of some useful purpose please leave me a comment . Weather Direct has an excellent product that runs off the internet . Brookstone also has an excellent set of weather devices using Ambient . These are superior , less expensive and more reliable substitutes .
 Really enjoyed this unit when we first bought it . So much so , we bought a second one for the office . Then as time passed , we realized the area covered -LRB- near DC -RRB- was so large , we constantly get warnings . It seems there 's always a coastal flood advisory or some such around here , but not really near me . Similarly , the `` outside '' temp for the region bears little resemblance to our actual location and temp . And it seems to predict rain a lot , and I 'm sure it actually does rain - somewhere.The region is just too large , at least around here , for the thing to be of much use . But it is good looking.BTW , do n't lose your instructions . They are n't available at the Oregon Scientific web site .
 This was a good idea , but now that MSN has dropped its service , this is obsolete . As of 1/1/2012 it no longer works .
 I live in the Northwest , where they say if you do n't like the weather , wait 10 minutes . So even though the forecasts sometimes leave something to be desired , so do the forecasts of all the local weather professionals , so that aspect is about a toss-up . My complaint is , there 's no way to keep the indigo blue backlight lit so I can read the info I bought it for . The front is highly reflective glass at a reclining angle , so it catches the ceiling light and everything on my desk between my seating position and the weather forecaster . What a pain in the butt!Nice product , but again , not for your desk , just for bedside or other places where you can reach over and punch the button if you need a nightlight .
 had to return it and when I called the seller , he was surprised to hear the network had been discontinued in Jan. 2012 ! Without the network , it 's a door stop -LRB- to quote another owner , found when I tried to investigate why the device would n't work -RRB-
 Poor design . Wx readings inaccurate unless the reporting station in your town . VERY Bright blue lights on sides of unit make it unusable for bedroom . Screen hard to read . And to top it off , my unit quit working 4 days after I received it . Sent back . Not a good product .
 When the packaging includes information on how to report missing pieces , that should be a clue . How often does a company have to forget a piece or two before someone gets the fact that they have a problem in their packing process?Mine came with ONE battery and no adapter . Batteries are meant as back-up and NOT primary power source and lasted 4 days . The adapter plug is at a 90 degree angle and configured in such a way that not even Radio Shack had an adapter that fits . Two days of checking with various stores - I could not find a single 6 volt adapter which worked.I will NEVER purchase another product from Oregon Scientific .
 I got this as a Christmas gift in 2006 . It worked beautifully as soon as I plugged it in , and I really enjoyed using it . The problem came after a year.One day it had a message that it had lost the signal from MSN . I tried moving the unit closer to the window , I tried bringing up to the highest point in the house , and it still did n't work . I thought maybe my area had been dropped from the MSN service , so I called Oregon Scientific . They assured me that my area was still covered , and recommended unplugging the unit for 24 hours . I tried this and the problem still existed.So , I brought the unit to my work in New York City where coverage is very strong - and it still did n't work . So I took it apart to see if the antenna was loose - but it was n't . So basically something is wrong , the unit can not pick up the signal anymore , but there is no obvious reason why.Oregon Scientific customer service was not able to help me further as the warrantee is only for one year , and by the time I had gone through all my trouble-shooting steps it was over a year . So , I am left with a $ 120 paperweight.My story may be unusual , there may be units that have been operating for years without issue , but I am definitely disappointed and will think very carefully before purchasing another OS product -LRB- at least one with the MSN service -RRB- .
 BE carefull - as Microsoft has announced that MSN direct is going offline in 2012 . If I understand it corectly this weather station will stop working at that time.google search for MSN Direct and read the details .
 I 've just learned about MSN Direct not supporting the weather feeds to this product . It 's worthless now . It was pretty cool when it worked now it 's an oversized indoor thermometer . You would think Oregon Scientific would be smart enough to figure out how to send another feed from another source .
 I bought this $ 149 device with the expectation that I would receive decent signal from MSN Direct . Alas , it was only after I received the device and read the accompanying manual that I discovered the signal is via FM network . I can not get a decent FM signal inside my house , and I doubt that I can get it at my office , where I intended to keep the Regional Weather Station . Yes , I 've tried setting the device by an upper story window with clear access to the sky -- no go . I wish I knew a way of boosting the signal to the foot long wire sensor.Otherwise , the device would seem to be wonderful , as it bears all the various weather tracking features in an attractive package . The indiglo feature is especially nice for those intances when I might look up the summer night temperature to verify that its really as sweltering as it seems at 2:00 am.But without that reception , this is just a wildly overpriced indoor thermo/hygrometer .
 This was a terrific product but it depended on MSN Direct -- Yes , THAT Microsoft as in Bill Gates , Steve Ballmer , drowning in cash , one of the world 's most valuable companies -- for a signal to operate . The boys at One Microsoft Way , Redmond , WA 98052 , decided that there were better ways of separating you from your money and pulled the plug . So you can buy it but it 's useless other than telling you the time and temperature inside your home . I bought one for my wife for the kitchen and while it worked it was a five star appliance . Now , it 's scrap for the heap . I do n't know what culpability Oregon Scientific has in this . At the very least they showed poor judgment selling a product without a long term commitment from their teammate to support their -LRB- not cheap -RRB- products . But take heart fleecees , Gates has pledged to leave most of his estate to charity . So it 's supposedly all good .
 I have owned this weather station for several years . From what I read it will stop working in 2012 because Microsoft is pulling the plug on MSN Direct services which is where this weather station gets it 's data . I am surprised they are still selling this device considering the drop dead date is 2 months away.Here is the MSN info :[ ... -RSB-
 MSN Diect , the service that provided the weather data to this device , was shut down in Jan 2012 . . This device will no longer get weather forecast ; it will only give temperature and other limited info . Useless . Very deceitful that this product is still sold .
 If you are shorter than 12 feet tall , good luck getting this on without it ripping . I 'm 6 ' 5 and still can not get the top over the heater . It 's so snug , and the zipper does n't go all the way up , so it tears on the wingnuts on top of the heater.If you are using the hearter , it 's probably cold outside . Last thing you want to be doing on a cold night is wrestling with a poorly made cover ,
 The product did not work when assembled . After taking it appear and replacing a series I parts -LRB- an additional 25 % of the original price -RRB- , the product now works . There was no response from the vendor when emailed my Amazon . Any saving realized by purchasing the heater on line is gone as a result of the product not working and the lack of response by the vendor . May not buy another product through Amazon !!!!!
 Jan 2011 - I ordered one , a week later got a terse email informing the order was canceled as the item is out of stock .
 The product creates a kite effect around the patio heater . Even though we tied the center area - the wind still worked right through the material and caused both of our units to crash to the ground ... damaging both unit tops horribly . We immediately took off both covers . -LRB- Plan on having 2 people there to take on & off as they are very difficult and awkward to work with -RRB- . Needless to say I 'm disappointed to return both covers at an 80 % return , pay the return shipping , AND have to deal with dented patio covers to boot . So bummed !
 This cover sucks . It acts like a sail . It catches the wind and causes the heater to topple over . You have the option to bolt the heater down in one place , but I like the idea of keeping it portable . The heater is durable enough to withstand outside weather conditions . I do not recommend this cover .
 This review is specific to the &#34; Duralast Cover -LRB- Black -RRB- &#34; option available for purchase . I purchased this cover thnking it was actually a better version of the &#34; black &#34; cover since it 's MSRP was $ 10 higher . It turns out , the Duralast cover is just a cheap , vinyl cover that looks more like a black tarp than a cover . It is not felt lined , nor will it fit Fire Sense Heaters . The cover top diameter is a bit too small to fit over the heater and even if it did , the cover does not reach the ground.Do Not Buy this option by mistake . I ordered the &#34; black &#34; cover and it fit my heater like a glove . The &#34; Duralast Cover -LRB- Black -RRB- &#34; is a waste of money !!! Fortunately , Amazon took it back with no issues . I suggest Amazon remove this as an &#34; option &#34; from the &#34; Fire Sense Full Length Zippered Cover -LRB- Black -RRB- &#34; page as it 's not the same quality nor the same product .
 Of all the great items that I 've purchased through Amazon , this has to be the absolute worst!From a completely inept design to the poor quality of materials , this patio heater cover is a waste of your money.The top fails to accommodate the diameter of my heater cover -LRB- 36 '' -RRB- , making it extremely difficult to install . The top cap feature on my patio heater nearly pierced the cover -LRB- I needed to position a piece of rubber between the heater cap and the cover to prevent this -RRB- . On the second use -LRB- the design is sooo poorly conceived -RRB- , the thin vinyl material separated from the top of the zipper , rendering the cover too damaged to return.My only consolation is the fact that it did n't cost more than $ 30 . Money totally wasted - but proving the adage `` you get what you pay for '' ! Save yourself the aggravation - do n't buy this product !!
 worthless , poorly designed , do n't waste your money , does not fit correctly , risk bending the reflector every time you put it on , and it takes 2 people to do .
 The first time I placed this cover over my patio heater ' the zipper slide , which was not constrained from coming off the bottom of the unit , of course came off and it was then impossible to track it back onto the zipper track . I decided to use bungee cords to hold the cover tightly on the heater . But wait , the thread to hold the zipper to the cover started to unravel , so cheap was the thread . Then , at the top of the zipper , just before the wide flanged portion of the cover begins , on the second install , it ripped a few inches up the cheap fabric . This was a new cover , no UV damage to weaken the cover material , or the thread used to sew the zipper onto the cover.This is abject JUNK . Imagine how poorly it will hold up once subjected to a winter of weather and into the spring ! I did not trust it to stay intact so ended up putting an oversized heavy mil garbage bag over the top of the patio heater on down to cover the burner head and controls and secured that first by a bungee cord.Doesn ' t anyone make a cover that will hold up past the first time using it ?
 The cover was very hard to put on and take off , requiring two people . However , the worst problem is that when the cover is on , it crease something of a sail effect and the slightest wind will cause the heater to blow over , unless you have it tied down . This results in damaging the top of the heater.The cover is thus basically worthless .
 The handle insert was missing and I had to improvise that part . On the third pull and the thing flew to pieces ... totally self destructed . $ 35.00 wasted on this product not to mention the frustration of a piece of equipment that was inoperable because of a starting cord . I troweled my concrete by hand while the gas fired power trowel sat idle . This is a low grade worthless product ... not worth the manpower and fuel to manufacture and deliver to the buyer .
 I still do n't have this item and there does n't seem to be an easy way to get the tracking done . Amazon sends `` do not reply '' emails , UPS says `` it was delivered to the porch , '' and the shipper has to request a trace but , the shipper has n't responded to me !! It looks like the product I need and the price was good , but , my money is gone and I 've got nothing!This is probably not the review you were hoping for ...
 Came pretty quickly , but is a cheap product and not as described ! The mat will probably last a few months as it is fairly thin and flimsy ! Like the phrasing , but it seems like that takes precedents and the quality took a back seat !!
 Ordered this and the base to match in beige . Was thrilled when it came so quickly but ... The base was just the metal part , no support piece , so a neighbor drilled a hole in the pole of the umbrella and we put it up that way . The first breeze and one of the struts came loose from the umbrella.Looks great , but save your $ $ $ . It 's going back today !
 This umbrella looks AWESOME out of the box . But as you will soon find out the connection between the top pole and bottom pole of the umbrella is VERY weak . The whole thing is held together by two small loose -LRB- and stripped , in my case -RRB- screws -LRB- in that metal piece that connects the top and bottom pole -RRB- . And the bottom pole only goes into that metal piece about 3/4 '' so there is no stability at all there it pivots all over the place in the wind . After 1 week a small gust of wind broke mine in half . It looks nice but is TRASH and very poorly made -LRB- in China -RRB- !
 this product broke the fourth day we had it . the button that holds the umbrella straight snapped . not going to send it back to much trouble . wrapped it in duct tape
 It took less than a week for this to fall apart . poor construction . also too small to be practical .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I have a koi pond and I had some plants that I wanted to put in it . I came across the Tetra pond aquaplanters and they looked like they would do a great job for the plants . I did just as the directions said and 2 or 3 days later they were collapsed . The dirt was all in the bottom of my pond and the plants were floating . I would n't waste my money on them .
 After waiting 8 weeks for the delivery of this product and then waiting an additional 8 months trying to get it repaired , I would highly recommend that Cal Flame invest more money in quality and less in BS marketing . If I could have had read an honest review of the painful details of getting the grill to be operational , I would have purchased a different grill.The lights STILL do not work and poor craftsmanship prevents them from being installed properly . Electrical connections are also a serious hazard . And two burners require a match to ignite.The convection fan has never worked and ordering parts is a 3 month waiting game for each individual part . And when the wrong part is ordered by incompetent employees , the customer has to wait an additional three months . Cal Flame has no tracking system in place for it 's shipments as well as no system set up for parts and their numbers.Not only I am unhappy with this product , it is terribly over rated ! I have nothing but regret.I am still trying to get my grill in complete working condition . I am glad I have a five year warranty because it will probably take five years to get it in working condition . I 've placed a call to the owner of Cal Flame before writing this review and gave him a week to respond and as expected I have heard nothing from him . Perhaps in three months I will hear from him , which seems to be the typical response time from Cal Flame .
 At Christmas 2006 I ordered a `` Cal Flame 40 Inch 5 Burner Convection '' grill and accessories from Bahama Blue -LRB- Another distributor of Cal Flame products -RRB- . Shipping took twice as long as promised . Ordering by phone was difficult because the operator had no product knowledge . The merchandise arrived damaged and defective . First Bahama Blue tried to blame the shipper when the boxes were perfect and the problems had nothing to do with , or could have been caused by shipping . Bahama Blue would not return phone calls or emails , when I did get in touch with them they would not warranty the merchandise , and expected me to repair the merchandise I had just purchased . Cal Spa , the manufacturer of Cal Flame products also refused to warranty the merchandise saying Bahama Blue was responsible and they did n't deal with customers . Peggy in Cal Spas customer service said `` If you bought a product at Target you would n't expect the manufacturer to fix it you would take it back to Target ! '' I had to dispute the charges to my credit card to even get a call back from Bahama Blue 's customer service , then I was threatened by the sales person , the customer service representative and the owner . Each of these people told me I had a contract with them because I ordered from their site and would have to pay even though merchandise was damaged and defective . The problems with my order include a dented hood , defective knob , an electrical system -LRB- lights and convection fan -RRB- that does n't work , a gas leak and a missing regulator . I have repeatedly tried to get Cal Spas and Bahama Blue to provide the merchandise ordered in the condition promised but they refuse . A complaint filed with the Better Business Bureau finally got the Cal Spas customer service to contact me . It has now been a year and they still have not fixed the product as promised to positively close the BBB complaint . This manufacturer has no concept of quality or customer service believing that once the product leaves their warehouse it is yours to deal with . I have yet to use the nerchadise I ordered last year for Christmas!Please , Please take this advice and do not order from this merchant or manufacturer .
 I want to warn potential customers . CalFlame makes inferior products overseas and pretends that they are American made . A CalFlame dealership salesman lost his job after the main office found out that he had told me that information . I doubt his job loss was coincidental , but I can not be sure . Their customer service is the worst that I have ever experienced . I have had the same problems with my CalFlame equipment that others have mentioned . The electrical connections are horrible , and the company blamed me for the connectors being torn apart , even though I had witnesses -LRB- the installers -RRB- that saw the problem as we took the grill out of the box . No one at the company could send a diagram about how to repair the wiring , despite the fact that I talked to their chief electrician -LRB- supposedly -RRB- because the equipment is all built overseas without American input . Neither the 4 burner or 2 burner grill works well . I have to light each burner with a lighter . The grill cooks unevenly . After years of frustration , I just went out and bought a simple , stand alone Weber infrared grill that is reliable , and I love it . The CalFlame equipment sits in the outdoor kitchen mainly as a decoration now . I barely use it .
 I ordered the patterns . I never got them BUT was billed . I got my refund after informing Amazon . This is the only annoying thing that has happened in a long purchase history with Amazon .
 Do n't buy this trimmer , You 'll be sorry!This trimmer was purchased a few years ago . I live in the northern USA , so the trimmer sees light duty only being used maybe a half dozen times a year during the summer , being stored the rest of the time . This is its third summer . When I filled it with gas and tried to start , it gave me some trouble , but finally started . I let it warm up in # 2 position , when I flipped off the choke and tried to rev the engine , it died , like it was starving for fuel . Tried again , ... same thing . Tried again ... same thing etc.etc . I thought there might be some debris in the carb so I pulled it apart . It was clean as a whistle , put it back together , tried to start , ... same thing . Checked the fuel filter which is at the end of the pick up tube in the fuel tank , -LRB- you have to fish it out -RRB- . Filter was clean . Checked the spark plug , it was clean . Now I 'm just scratching my head . I figure I used this trimmer all of a dozen times and now it wo n't work . It 's either bring it to the shop and pay half of what it 's worth to fix it , or cut my losses and just buy a different trimmer . I chose the latter and I guarantee you it wo n't be a Troy Built.I have lots of power toys , most have lasted a decade or more with no trouble , and start on the first or second pull after being stored all winter . I had an old Homelite Chain Saw that was thirty years old and running strong when I gave it away . There is just no excuse for this kind of crap to be on the market . Next time I 'll pay a little extra and get a quality brand . I guess I was fooled by the name . Troy Built used to be synonymous with Quality , but no more .
 I 've been using a Black & Decker cordless trimmer/edger . It was quiet , light-weight and easy to maneuver between my flower beds and lawn . It had a handy guide for edging along pavement . My only complaint was its so-so power . The battery would sometimes run out before I was done , but that was usually at the beginning of the season when the trim areas were particularly overgrown . After many faithful years , the Black & Decker died.So I thought I 'd try the Troy-Bilt . It 's louder than a German biplane . It 's much heavier than a cordless and feels even heavier for each minute of use . It 's impossible to maneuver between my flower beds and lawn . And , you have to buy the separate edger attachment if you want a pavement guide . I used my new Troy-Bilt twice . Then I ordered a new cordless .
 Do n't take a water break or run out of gas with this thing ! It WILL NOT start back up again until it is COMPLETELY cooled down to the point where you can once again go through the elaborate starting procedure.You will tire out from pulling the cord before you get the job done , so buy a case of beer and make it an all day job !
 Right out of the box , it wont stay running after it warms up . Looking into sending it back or having it serviced , if it has a warranty . very dissatified .
 I will say this trimmer ran great for two summers . It was powerful and easy to handle for this woman in her 40 's . This third summer it wo n't stay running . I read another review with the same problem . Good trimmer for 2 summers , moderate use , maybe 6 times all summer . Maintained , stored in a dry place . Third summer it starts but wo n't stay running . My mechanic friend said all the filters are clean , good fuel , but its only getting the fuel you pre-pump to start it . It would cost about the same to fix what is probably a carburetor problem as buy a new one . Not worth it . And after reading other similar reviews I 'm going with something else .
 I have no idea if this is a good trimmer or not . I got this as a gift around the same time I bought one and I can not return it . I know that I should have done a better job of looking at this because they do have it on the -LRB- not big enough letters in my opinion -RRB- website . I just wanted to put something in the reviews hoping someone will not make the same mistake . Make sure you really want this .
 I 've had this trimmer for nearly two years . The positives are :1 . It has lasted this long ? 2 . It works great , when it 's working3 . CheapThe unit has never run exactly right since I bought it . Whenever I try to run it , after sufficient warm up , with the choke off , it acts as if it is starved for fuel , and sometimes dies . About a month ago it started dying and would not run after starting . I took it apart and tried to make carb adjustments , of which there is only one , to no avail . After extensive troubleshooting , I found a cover on the right side of the carb with a filter screen inside that was clogged . I cleaned it and it ran better than it did out of the box . I was very happy . After two uses , all of the same problems returned . Aaaarrrrgghhhh ! Now I have to take it all apart again.I also have another of the same model that was given to me that has a starter ripcord that is broken . When I tried to get to the starter to fix it , it was impossible . What are you supposed to do when the starter breaks ? I 'm not impressed with the internals.So , here 's my list of negatives :1 . Never ran correctly2 . Makes a weird metallic clanking noise out of the box3 . High maintenance4 . Difficult to service5 . CheapI will not buying a Troy-Bilt again.Update : I was able to get a replacement free of charge from Lowe 's . I used it for about 2 months and it started having exactly the same issues . I took it back and traded it for a Husqvarna .
 I 've had nothing but problems with my detachable 2-cycle trimmer . In referencing the other reviews that talk about how `` flimsy '' and `` cheap '' their parts are , I could n't agree more.I acquired the chain-saw and blower attachments to accompany the trimmer and I was n't expecting replacement costs to be as ridiculous as they were . Oddly enough , the model I purchased four short years ago is `` rare '' and `` obsolete '' according to Troy-Bilt . I followed the recommended maintenance to a `` t '' and yet I still experienced major , head-scratching problems.To start , the gas cap was giving me problems almost out of the box . Somehow the flimsy , rubber washer inside came loose and there is no way to get it positioned right again . This takes away the possibility of hanging the unit on the wall unless you do n't mind gas/oil mixture on whatever is underneath it . Sure I could get a washer/cap replacement but I 've decided the unit was poorly engineered . No sense in pouring more money into it.Customer service is a joke because the company is archaic . You can not order parts online -LRB- that is through this `` new '' invention called `` The Internet '' -RRB- ; you have to call Troy-Bilt and pray you reach the correct department and that they still carry parts for their models . I needed to order a replacement chain for my saw attachment as well as a new bottom to the tap-trimmer because the three seasons of use scrapped the bottom of the trimmer to shreds . The little bolt could n't get screwed in the bottom to keep the string in . Lastly , I wanted to buy two extra green loop clips to attach to the end of the trimmer and saw to allow them to hang from a hook on my garage wall . For some unknown reason , Troy-Bilt decided that the blower attachment was the only attachment deemed worthy of a loop clip attachment . And , no , the two Big Box home stores do not carry this `` niche '' item . The total of these four items -LRB- new chain , bottom trimmer holder , and two little plastic hooks -RRB- came to $ 38 plus s/h ! Not what I would expect for a few little parts . Troy-Bilt knows that they can charge this because once you 've invested in some of their attachments , they have you . Hook , line , and s -LRB- t -RRB- inker.Recently , this spring my Troy-Bilt 2-cycle detachable trimmer can not idle after four `` long '' seasons of < 0.25 acre usage . I have decided against paying an astronomical markup to replace the gas cap and search for a `` Troy-Bilt Certified '' repairman.Not only was this my last Troy-Bilt machine , I 've decided to find one of the new Li-Ion rechargeable trimmers . I 've also decided it is better to not go with multi-use lawn machines because when the motor goes out , you 've got three dead attachments which can serve no useful purpose.Do yourself a favor and stay away from Troy-Bilt .
 Add my review -LRB- to the many others -RRB- stating the hard-to-start characteristic of the Troy Bilt curved shaft weedeater . It has been hard to start -LRB- dozens of pulls while fiddling with the choke lever etc according to the manual instructions -RRB- . Always used `` fresh gas '' . The first time I used it , and every other time I tried to use it , it has been hard to start . Avoid this piece of junk .
 Is there a rating on Amazon less than 1 ? The Troy-Built TB20CS is the absolute worst gas powered trimmer I have ever owned , in fact , it 's the worst gas powered machine I 've ever owned.I bought it more than a year ago and it worked okay the first 2 times and then the starting trouble began . It is a ridiculous process to begin with
 I had to reload the string around 10 times before throwing the unit into the ground . And after another 10 times , I threw it even harder.It still works , so at least its durable ... I guess that 's why they ship the fixed string cutting head with the unit ; because after using the auto feed head a few times you 'd either switch to it or throw this unit away .
 Do n't buy Troy Bilt . Parts are missing from the box and when you try to ask for it they outsource their parts replacement and that place gives you the run around . Better off with another brand . Do n't ever buy troy bilt .
 We have had the Troy Bilt TB20CS for about a yr and a half . Up until recently it worked well - started easily , was easy to maintain , light , and easy to use . Recently though , the fuel line and filter that reside in the gas tank , disintegrated . I have taken it apart and now will see how costly the parts are , and how difficult they will be to install . I am not satisfied because I bought Troy Bilt thinking this product would last a long time with minimal repairs . Dependent on the cost of the repairs , I may just chuck this weed eater and get a husqvarna or other quality brand . Substandard parts do not result in brand loyalty . Buy another brand .
 Piece of junk . I have only used it 3 times and now it wo n't start .
 I saw pretty good reviews for this on Amazon so I decided to try this WHAT A MISTAKE ! It comes with two heads , the first one is a feed line that seems to cut off the line at the drop of a hat ... so I thought I would try the easy load head ... when I did the line kept flying out . The unit seemed flimsy , could n't keep line in it and was hard to start so I decided to contact Amazon to see if I could return.I LOVE Amazon and will continue to buy most of my electronics , books , music here but in this case I was sorry to learn that I could n't return it to them because it had been filled with gas which renders the unit un-mailable because it is flammable ... I totally understand this reasoning but wish they made this more obvious on the order page for this item . I would not have purchased a weed wacker here for that reason.I called Troy Bilt and they were not helpful at all , so I took it to one warranty center where the attendant was incredibly unhelpful and obviously not interested in taking the unit . The 2nd place was very kind but kept the unit for about 2 months while they figured out what was going on and finally said a spring was out of place -LRB- that I assembled -RRB- and that was what caused the line problem . They assembled properly and I picked up the unit.This morning I started the unit -LRB- again very hard to start as other reviews have said -RRB- , and for the first ten minutes the unit kept stalling . Then , after I got it going for a few the line flew out again ... went to replace it then attempted to restart . The pull rope came completely out of the unit . At this point , I am contacting Troy Bilt to demand a full refund on this absolute piece of garbage . I can not speak to the quality of other Troy Bilt units , but I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT . I will update on what Troy Bilt does in regard to this either way .
 Do n't buy this trimmer unless you like to continuously work on getting the string to feed through the head . The part on the trimmer where the edger attachment is supposed to connect to broke off about 30 minutes after I got it out of the box . I did not get rough with it ; this is a flimsy product and I regret buying it !
 Was looking for an entry level trimmer.I should NOT have purchased this one.It failed after 1 use , and no help was offered from the manufacturer.My story ... The line feeder is very poorly designed , and after many attempts to get it to feed properly , I gave up and used the fixed line attachment.So far so good ... I used the unit to trim a small area - seemed to work OK.Two weeks later I grabbed the unit again - this time the pull line broke in my hands rendering the unit inoperable.A quick call to Amazon - who provided the number for the manufacturers service center . . I was informed I would need to drive 20 minutes and drop the unit for inspection.I explained that I would prefer to mail to them because I do n't have the time to spend on a $ 100 item that was only used once , and just purchased 14 days ago.The service person replied - suit yourself sir - then hung up on me.I will continue to purchase my items through Amazon , because their customer service was excellent - But troy built as lost my consideration forever.I have used many a power tool and do n't consider my self a novice with these type products - so buyer beware on this one .
 do not buy !!! do not by !!! piece of crap !!! wont run , wont bump feed , when it runs line breaks and must manually respool ... do not buy !! 1
 I bought 2 of these and to say they are a piece of crap is an understatement . I bought the second one because I was cheap and thought the first one dying after two years was just a fluke . Two years later same thing . I change the fuel filter , spark plug and air filter yearly so maintenance was not the issue . I needed a carb kit which Troy built does not sell . They would sell me the carb for 3/4 the price of a new machine . At the same time I bought my Troy bilt trimmer my next door neighbor bought a stihl which is still working fine after 4 years ! I guess it pays to spend more on quality . I will never buy another Troy bilt product , there parts on line are ridiculous and the web site sucks!Update 04-08-12 ... I just `` donated '' my two Troy bilts , one too the garbage man and the other to a mechanic friend , who wants a second try at fixing it . After much research on the internet and consumer reports , I decided my best choice would be an Echo SRM 225 $ 199 at HD store . The warranty is 5 years , the engines are made in Japan , unlike stihl there are more retailers . I also compared both Stihls and Echos website and that was the clincher , I suggest you do the same . Maintenance kits are readily available . Echo includes an engine certified to meet emissions requirements for 300 hours -- or more than six years if you ran it an hour a week year-round -- compared with the usual 50 hours for the others . Wow what a pleasure to use a quality product . Its quieter , better balanced and appears to be a really nice tool . I hope this review helps my days of buying junk are over . Happy lawning !
 I have a Troy Bilt TB20CS , well kept and maintained and use fresh gas always . Had it now for about a year and use it at least two or three times a month . I went to use it recently and now it is not idling after it is warm for about 3 minutes . I cleaned the air filter , replaced the spark plug and cleaned out the carb and exhaust . It still will not idle . All the comments on the internet lead to replacing the carb , no real good detail how to adjust . I will just scrap it and pay double to have something that is going to last more than year !!!
 I thought this would be a good purchase considering it was one of the bigger engines available . Firstly , once I did get it started -LRB- yes , I know how to properly mix oil/fuel -RRB- it never ran at full strength . I could tell by the sound of the engine that it was not reaching its max RPM . After that , every time I had to use it -LRB- weekly -RRB- it would be a chore to start -LRB- 10-20 pulls , no matter the choke setting -RRB- ; again , once warmed up it still did not sound like it was running optimally.Last week , after pull starting it in rapid mode -LRB- I 'll take partial responsibility for this since pulling a starter like that so fast increases the chance of tangling -RRB- the string caught and seized . I now have to take it apart to fix that , and while it was probably mostly due to my technique of pulling , I should n't have had to go psycho on the starter to get it to start in the first place.I always thought and heard that Troy-Bilt was a good company , at least for this model 's case I have to say otherwise . I 'll not be getting another trimmer from this company , no matter their reputation .
 Do not buy anything manufactured by Troy-Bilt . The warrany on any product they produce is worthless . The clutch went out on my troy-bilt string trimmer with less than 4 hours of use , and their service center would n't even look at it because they claimed they were too busy . My advise is to spend a couple bucks more and buy a decent brand .
 I bought the TB20CS trimmer directly from Troybilt because none of the local stores had it . This trimmer was hard to start from the beginning . Well its been a little over a year It still starts Hard & now the pull string has broke . troybilt has a 2 year warranty , which does not cover broken pull ropes or carb adjustments , wow what a warranty . I have used this trimmer aprox . 8 - 10 times.I do not recommend anyone buying this model .
 I didnt buy mine from Amazon but I can say this thing is junk . Bought it brand new last summer . Problems starting it right out of the box . All summer , difficult to start . Took it out this spring , wont stay running . Changed plug , gas and took the carb apart and cleaned it . No good . Never Again with TB !
 This unit was delivered with the box open . I could not get the boom to go into the shaft . I have assembled other units with no problem.Amazon was great in handling the product return . The only problem was that I was not reimbursed for shipping charges . Troybilt is a good named product , but I feel something happened with this order.Paul Zartun
 Once you have it for about 6 months it becomes the hardest starting machine I ever owned .
 Have had the trimmer for a couple of years now and have hated it since day one ! Dumb on my part , should have returned it , but thought it was just me having a bad day when I could n't get it to start , thought it will start easier next time . . not . This thing is so hard to start and once you get it running it stalls every 10 seconds , again thought it has to just be me . . nope was recently telling a friend how much I hate my weed whacker and he chimes in how he hates his as well and has the same problems , go figure he has the same POS . Lucky for me it just died and I got a new one - different brand - and this is when i realized what a hunk of junk the troy bilt was . The new one starts right up , idles perfectly and is so much quieter . . just runs so much smoother . The new one I got is a Toro , I 've only used it once so far but already love it compared to the troy bilt .
 I used to swear by the TroyBilt name . But after I -LRB- and my neighbor down the street -RRB- have owned two -LRB- YES TWO -RRB- TB20CS 's each -LRB- because we both could n't believe TroyBilt was actually marketing garbage -RRB- now I swear AT the TroyBilt name.If you own one of these , the first time it quits unexpectedly on you , just throw it away right then and save yourself hours of frustration -LRB- and dollars if you should naively try to fix it -RRB- . Go buy a real trimmer . This one model should put TroyBilt out of business if there were any justice .
 I had a Troy Bilt tiller for many years without any problems so I figured they had to build a decent string trimmer . I was wrong . I had this trimmer for two years and last week the motor just seized up . I have no idea why . It has a significant design flaw . The pull string should be elsewhere on the trimmer . It is situated right next to the motor . When starting , if you pull too closely to the motor the plastic housing will shred your knuckles . I can not tell you how many times I have torn the skin on my knuckles starting this thing . I finally resorted to wearing gloves every time I used it . Also , after a season , it was extremely hard to start - and I service my stuff . In addition when it got hot it would run smoothly for ten minutes then shut off and it was nearly impossible to start again . No way , I would recommend this string trimmer .
 No luck with this Item for Cockroaches.It stired em up for a while but they just gotuse to it and returned , even crawling on the repeller.Just use some Boric acid and roach trapps forbetter reslults .
 The 40 mm crystal ball was supposed to be NEW , but it arrived with a fairly large defect that spoils its appearance completely , and I would not give this as a gift as was intended .
 I read through the reviews for these for hours before deciding to take a chance . I figured by now they would have solved or fixed their packaging issues in order to keep the crystal from fracturing during shipping . WRONG ! All four of my prisims came chipped ! They were shipped loose in a box that could have fit 20 of them easily , so they had plenty of room to roll around and hit each other since the shipper decided not to use ANY padding at all ! I will NEVER buy from them again since it 's obvious they are not listening to their customer reviews and do n't respond to direct contact .
 The product arrived either broken or immediately broke.The bar adjusting pin , part # 530053068 , is as flimsy as could have been produced.It only costs $ .40 to replace , but with shipping it 's over $ 6 ! I would never buy anything in this brand again and recommend that no one else does either .
 I ordered this chain saw based on the description that stated it could be used with up to a 100 foot extension cord . 75 feet from my house is a heavily wooded area that I 'm trying to clear of downed trees . As a female , the thoughts of electric vs. gas just seemed safer . I unpacked this wonderful piece of equipment anxious to clean up my property . As I read through the owners manual , I came to the page that stated that a cord greater than 50 feet is not recommended . Well , that was n't going to do me any good ! I returned the saw and purchased a gas model in it 's place . I received a very prompt refund from Amazon . The reviews on the electric saw were outstanding which is why I had chosen this particular model . As long as you do n't need to go beyond 50 feet , I think it would be a great deal .
 This product stopped working after one use and it was too late to return it to Amazon . I contacted a dealer who said they might be able to fix it but they are not located near me .
 I really can not rate this product properly . I received it very quickly but the item would not run and I had to return it .
 We had a storm blow through my part of Michigan in early September . I ended up with some trees that needed cutting up and me without a saw . Did a little searching and this saw , even though it had it 's detractors , was not rated too badly . I should have listened . Pulled it out of the box and all seemed well . It cut through green wood like butter . Why would n't it , it was brand new . I quickly noticed though that there was no oil residue from the chain . I am not a chainsaw expert , and I though `` Maybe because it 's new it does n't use as much . '' Stupid , stupid , stupid . Anyway make a long story even longer , Poulan blog guy said stop using the saw and take it a service center . MUCH easier said than done . Nobody wants to touch electrics . After calling and/or traveling to almost a dozen , I said `` Wait a minute , this is a brand new saw . Why the heck am I trying to get it repaired ? '' I 'm a little slow sometimes . Came back to the Amazon web site and within 5 minutes I had a UPS shipping label in my hand and in less than 2 weeks I had my money back . I went to Lowe 's and bought a WORX electric and it rocks ! Do n't waste your time or money on this saw .
 I just did not have any good luck with this saw , they all burned up , or just stop working all together , and I had a few of them , all had to be returned , I gess enough is enought .
 Two units arrived not working - would not even turn on.Unit is very cheap and wo n't hold up for long.Basic design has cheap gears and oiler pump.The HP rating is overstated -1 HP = 746 watts , 4 HP = 2984 watts = 24.9 AmpsThus , this unit is more like 2 HP not 4 HP.Compare the HP rating with Husqvarna or Stihl.At least I was n't charged for anything .
 This product works fine for the very first 5 minutes , and then black smoke coming out of the motor compartment vent . After that , it quits , and nothing happens when you press the trigger . I saw other customers having the same encounter with this product . Seems like it 's got a quality control problem at the factory .
 My mistake -- I waited months until I need to use the chainsaw before trying it out and ... nothing . It does n't work out of the box . I guess my situation is rare , so I ca n't complain about most users ' experience with this chainsaw . I 'll probably take it apart to see if it 's just the switch as I have nothing to lose at this point . If I get it working , well , I 'll update this .
 With all the great reviews , I bought this saw from Amazon . Worked great for a while until the oil pump quit pumping . This saw was never run low on oil and the oil was always fresh and clean . I disassembled the saw , everything was clean from the oil tank to the pump to the chain bar . I removed the oil pump , and it had clearly failed . Inside the housing I was suprised to find that the ring gear , which reduces motor speed , was not metal but a light tan nylon like material . My previous electric saw worked for over 20 years and cut a LOT of wood . I was disappointed at this early failure . I do not recomment taking your saw apart unless you know how to put it back together . Springs easily fly , and re-assembly is a bit of a trick .
 I was pretty excited about the Poulan 18inch electric chain saw which worked fabulous -- for about 3 minutes !!!! It then just quit !! I finally managed to get in contact with the primary distributor for my area who informed me that for some unknown reason the motors short out . What ?! I was then instructed to cut off the power cord and ship it along with the serial number and model number off the box . I was supposed to receive a new one . That was 2 weeks ago and I have not heard a thing . At the same time my friend bought the Makita 16 '' electric and loves it ! I wish I had done the same .
 I needed to section a 14 '' black cherry log and bought this Poulan 18 '' electric chain saw because of the number of positive reviews . The first one arrived and I made one cut in the log and then failed - pulled the trigger and nothing . Sent it back to Amazon for a replacement and the second one made more progress - I made 8 cuts 2/3 of the way through the log but when I stopped to turn the log and finish the job , saw # 2 failed in precisely the same way . Pull the trigger and nothing.Perhaps I got two lemons but , regardless , 0 for 2 with 9 cuts is NOT a good product . I would not purchase this saw .
 I used this saw to cut down two live junipers when I got it about eight months ago which work just fine . Then I used it to cut up a dead oak tree , the chain bind in the log , which broke some of the nylon plastic ring gear teeth . Now the motor spins , but if the ring gear does not catch the chain will not . I tried to use the warranty to fix it but so far they say it was due to abuse . This is a powerful saw but if you are thinking for long term use , this saw is not it . This saw is for very light duty work only and will not last for more than a couple of years use , even for light duty cutting , becuase the gear is made of plastic . Even though this saw is inexpensive , I could have taken that money and rented a more heavy duty saw .
 This Poulan died upon first use . Something happened to the motor , and there was black smoke residue on the motor vents . Pulling the trigger - it would occasionally arc , so I know it had power . Amazon let us return it , but charged a restocking fee , since we were busy and not able to send it back within 30 days . Disappointing experience . Spend the extra money and buy the Makita 16 '' . We did . The Makita is much sturdier - no comparison . Makita 's direct drive motor provides a very solid feel .
 Just went to use my saw for the first time , and it was dead on arrival . Does absolutely nothing.Very disappointing given that I ordered it specifically to do a couple of small projects over the labor day weekend : -LRB- We will see how quickly Amazon gets me a replacement and if its any better .
 I also read many of the positive reviews about this electric chainsaw before making my purchase . An electric chain saw for me would be used very infrequently but I still did the research . I received the 400E saw and tried it out without cutting -LRB- running no-load -RRB- . It sounded good . That was the last good experience I had with that chainsaw.My first advice is to stay away from this saw like the plague . As others have pointed out , it is very poorly designed . My first usage of this chainsaw was halted after cutting about 32 feet of 6 inch maple tree trunks to 16 inch length . The trees were downed by a recent wind storm . The saw just stopped dead.Since I only paid about $ 90 for it , and being an engineer , I decided to look into the problem myself . I found that the motor brushes when under load of any kind , became hot and would hang up or stick , opening the motor circuit shutting the saw down . I freed the brushes up , tested the unit and put it away until the next time thinking this was just a fluke and that would be the end of it.Well , needless to say , this happened 3 more times in one day about 7 months later . I was not abusive to the chainsaw . I let the saw cut at its own rate . I even used a # 12 gauge extension cord . Every 30 to 35 feet of cutting 16 '' firewood this same problem would occur -LRB- brush hang up -RRB- . I had only used the saw on two events during about a year 's time . I finally called Poulan warranty services and explained the entire situation to them . The spokesperson agreed that this was a factory defect and said that it would be covered under warranty . I took the name of the spokesperson , his number , and other information to an authorized Poulan repair center that he referred me to.Finally , after the 400E had been in the repair shop for about 5 months , the repair center called me . They had called the Poulan number that was given to me to verify the warranty coverage . The result of the call was that the coverage promised to me was denied by the Poulan Warranty Center.My biggest complaints are : I am without an electric chainsaw.The 400E was a worthless piece of junk to me.My credibility with the local repair center was damaged directly through the guidance of the Poulan warranty spokesperson.I will post again if anything changes .
 I bought this chainsaw a few weeks ago to do some clean up around the yard ... made it for about 1/2 hour , and the thing went poof ... totally smoked it ... unless you like to return things , stay clear of this one ...
 After waiting about two months for delivery , I liked this saw until after a week or so I noticed that oil was leaking out of the bottom from where the two halves of the plastic casing join . I can use it , but when I store it , all of the oil leaks out . What a mess .
 Very easy to start . Just added bar oil . Cut fairly effortlessly one weekend then did n't start at all the next . Not even a sound . Hopefully.just a dud and not a more common issue.Good return policy by Amazon though .
 OK , so I read all of the reviews , and learned that this is the same as the craftsman unit . Lots of positives . So I bought it , oil , and a spare chain . Hard to beat for $ 100.00 -LRB- total -RRB- , and I was only gon na use it once in a while . Everything looked good . Previous reviewer mentioned unit unplugs easily . This is true . Tie the ends of the plugs together and bend the prongs abit , and it is OK . I quickly took down a small tree -LRB- about 10 inches in diameter -RRB- and everything was going fine . I attempted to take down a long run of vertical bamboo stalks . I say attempted . It cut for a few seconds , then spit the chain . Every time . Over and over . I checked tension and determined it was fine . I asked around , and I was informed that chain saws and bamboo just do n't go together . Oh well , ca n't blame the saw for that . During subsequent use on trees and such , the oiler area would get clogged with sawdust and debris . I was constantly having to remove the adjuster / cover and clean things out . At one point it got so bad the oiler stopped working entirely -LRB- no oil consumption -RRB- and I quickly dulled the chain . I cleaned things up and installed the new chain and cleaned the oiler area . Back to cutting on a stump and the new chain lasted about 10 minutes . It was now dull and the rail was very warm . I dont know if it is critical for the saw to be on a specific side when cutting sideways . I dunno . I just kept having to clean out the oiler area which I believe was my major problem . I watch some of the logger shows on TV , and never see them taking their saws apart and repeatedly cleaning them . Design flaw ? Anyways - now I am looking for a good deal on a dremel chain sharpener at my local hardware stores . I 'll get the two chains ready for the next time I need it . Would I recommend this saw ? For the price I paid ? Yes . For the limited frequency user , its fine . Buy an extra chain . Would I turn people away from it ? No . Just warn them to watch the oil consumption closely . When it stops , clean things out before proceeding . The cover comes off easy , and it only takes a couple of passes with a rag to remove the debris . The tool for adjusting the chain works good at getting down in the grooves of the cover to clear things out.Im still glad I went with this one over a gas unit . I dont have any of the associated hassles and the unit will be ready at the drop of a hat . I may have had the same issues with the oiler clogging on one of them , maybe not . I dunno.Hope this helps if your on the fence about this one .
 I was cutting through a 12 inch cedar tree , when the chainsaw motor went up in smoke . I had only used it once before on a plum tree that had fallen in high winds . I called Poulan Pro customer service and they were rude and not willing to assist with recommendations for a chainsaw that could cut small trees -LRB- it was out of warranty -RRB- . I also went to their website for help and no one has written back . Very disappointed in their customer service and their product .
 I bought the saw and I had already read a number of reviews before I boutght it . I sure `` bought it '' alright . At first I thought this is very lightweight , and I remember reading a bout a review from one guy who said the electrical is real whimpy . So , as I stood there holding the saw I remembered that article . Anyways , I finally got a chance to use it on a sago palm , a big one about 15-20 feet high , although the base of the branches that i was trimming/cutting were only about 8 feet from the ground . I appreciated the light weight for this small job . I cut about 35 palm branches at the rate of 5 branches per segment and picking them up and placing them in a certain fashion , so not much stress on the saw . Each palm branch was about 10 to 12 feet long and the part that i cut was only like one 1 '' and 1/4 inch thick at the thickest point but many were smaller , by about 4 inches in width . There was about 5 minutes of time between each segment . Further , between each branch cutting there passed about a minute because i would have to move the ladder around . All in all about thirty-five cuts and then the chainsaw died out before I could finish the job . one hour of work , and it died . i would have been a terrific machine had it just lasted ... it powerful and light , but not enough umph ! thats my review . So that elctrician guy who made that review about the saw was right on about the low quality electrical in it .
 Well.It stopped working after about 6 hours.Also , the customer service of this company is very bad.They do n't have enough repair service centers , so I will have to ship it , which will cost me money.Wouldn ' t recommend Z - -LRB- which is the total opposite to A + -RRB- .
 I purchased the Poulan Pro 400E electric chainsaw after reading the reviews . LOTS of positive ones , but a fair amount of 1 star as well . Well , the price was right and I took the gamble ... BIG MISTAKE ! The unit does not run . Period . Not even a run and stop . I called the 800 number on the machine and was told to send it back , but I ca n't . You have to put oil in the unit -LRB- NOT INCLUDED -RRB- and ca n't ship back with liquid in the unit . Amazon was GREAT to work with and they are going to refund the money . POULAN gets a zero star and AMAZON gets 5 stars for handling the situation quickly and professionally . Wish our Government ran as efficiently !
 I was going to buy an electric chain saw at my local Lowe 's . But they increased the price on the one I wanted by $ 10 -LSB- to $ 100 -RSB- - so I decided to order one from Amazon . I had it shipped via UPS ground . Well , I guess that UPS dropped or threw it like in the Christmas video -LSB- on TV -RSB- . When I took it out of the box , the chain was real loose . I thought , well , maybe that 's the way that they normally send them . Then , the chain would not tighten . I took off the bar clamp , and the `` bar adjusting pin '' fell off into my hand . I called the Poulan help line - and they are going to send me a new pin . But , he did n't apologize . I guess that he thought I was lying . Anyway , the point is that it should work right out of the box -LSB- after you add the bar oil of course -RSB- . I was thinking about buying a 3-D LG TV from Amazon . But after this , I wonder if it would arrive in pieces.As for the chain chaw , I guess it would be a better item to buy from your local store .
 I wanted to acquire an affordable saw for a one time only job . I selected Poulan based on the reviews . I should have read the low ratings one more carefully . I was not able to re-start the saw after the first few hours . I observed a smoke coming out of the motor on the last cut . So , I guess the motor probably died . And it was not even a large branch .
 I used this a couple of times in the few months that I had it
 What a piece of junk . It made two cuts and then quick . Dead in the `` water '' . Wo n't run . Wo n't do anything . Owner 's manual suggests this could be a problem with the power switch -LRB- it does feel like the switch is broken -RRB- - so apparently this is a common problem.Had to get out my `` toy '' 16 inch Homelite chain saw to get some work done , and the Homelite works just fine , except the cutting bar is too short.Poulan ? Junk!Hey Amazon , how do I get my money back ?
 I ordered this saw based on the many positive reviews it had received . Unfortunately when the saw arrived there was no operators manual in the box . I sent the saw back and a replacement saw was promptly sent by Amazon . The second saw had the manual plus blade cover and wrench , but there were numerous scratches on the bottom of the motor housing as well as some other areas on the housing . Also it appeared that the box had been opened and restapled . Upon reading the negative reviews for this saw it seemed that some did not work at all out of the box and others ran only a few minutes before having motor burn out or breakage of a part that runs the chain on the bar . I was fearful that this saw might not give a reasonable service life so I sent it back for refund and will choose another make and model of saw .
 It 's a lemon . Plugged it in right out of the box , and nothing happened . I guess you get what you pay for . Sending ith back for a refund .
 First of all , Amazon shipped this with the worst packaging ever . They slapped a sticker on the manufacturers box and sent it off . The package was all ripped up . I suspect that the bar may have been damaged because a butter knife cuts better than this hunk of junk . My little 14 '' Remington beats the pants off this saw . If I replace the bar and chain I may get better results.Junk . Buy from a store , not from Amazon .
 My Poulan Pro 400E chain saw worked fine for 6 months under light use and then died . Nobody services electric chain saws - so Poulan ostensibly replaces the unit . Except that they do n't actually send you one of the units they have available for sale to other customers . Your replacement unit goes on back order until such time as the factory makes another run.Poulan did send a replacement unit after about two months , and the replacement works so far .
 Got it yesterday from Amazon , filled it with bar oil , and cut twice before I realized the automatic oiler was n't doing anything . So now it 's in the shop . Total cost-per-cut so far
 Bought this as a present for my husband . Unfortunately , when he opened it we discovered that somebody had already gotten to it first . What was sold to me as a new chainsaw was covered in scratches and scrapes . The previous user had n't even bothered to clean it off before repackaging it , because it was covered in sawdust!Maybe it was one of the other reviewers ' lemon chainsaws resold to me , or maybe it was just somebody who figured they could get `` free '' use of a chainsaw by ordering one and quickly returning it . All I know is that somebody should really check these things before sending them out . This one 's going back .
 This saw looks good for the price and Consumer Reports rates it highly . Definitely think twice before ordering this one though . I saw all the one star reviews but decided to order one any way . My first saw lasted 3 uses , maybe 20-30 minutes total . After that it was totally dead . Amazon of course sent me a new one . The second lasted about 5 minutes -- one use . Same problem , totally dead . Someone mentioned in another review mentioned the chain brake . Not a chance , just plain broken . In the short period it ran I could actually see the motor housing glowing from sparks inside . What a piece of junk . If you are going to gamble and buy this one make sure you buy it from Amazon so you can get your money back .
 After reading all the positive reviews on this saw and the positive experience I have with the Craftsman 3.5 HP electric chain saw -LRB- 34116 -RRB- , I decide to buy this electric chainsaw instead of an 18 '' gas powered model . The Craftsman has been used to fell pines and poplars as large as 12 '' in diameter with no problem and I have had it for over three years and it has cut a lot of trees.Well , I have to send this one back to Amazon today . To Amazon 's credit , it allowed me to return but this one should never been shipped out.The box on this saw was opened already because the box staples were all missing . Plus , there was the word `` oilll '' on the box . Apparently Amazon decided to ship me an opened -LRB- maybe defective -RRB- unit . This might be due to the fact that they only had a few in stock.I immediately contacted Amazon . The service was excellent . A replacement one was ordered for me and I was asked to send back this one . However , the replacement was not ready to ship because of `` change of suppliers '' . I cancelled the replacement order , figuring I would give this one a try . If it works , then I will keep it . If not , I will return.So I put oil in the saw and tried a few cuts . Not to my surprise , the automatic oiler on the saw did not pump any oil . The chain and bar stayed very dry . I then ran it in high speed for about another minute and it was still dry . The saw , however , sound very powerful . It is a bit heavier than my Craftsman 34116 . I really have mixed feeling on this order after many many orders from Amazon . I am also looking to buy an air compressor/nailer kit . In reading some of the feedbacks , there were users complaining Amazon shipping opened units . As I said Amazon should have never shipped this one out as it was apparently defective . However , its service in dealing with the issue was excellent . So overall , I will give this a two star rating because of the excellent after problem service .
 I got about a half an hour out of the motor cutting some small pine trees into firewood . I think I got four wheelbarrows of cord wood before the brushes started throwing sparks and the motor slowing down . Then the GFI tripped and I was done . Sent it back for a refund .
 I probably received a return that was totally defective as it would n't start despite my reviewing all the instructions multiple times , checking my cord and plugs and because the box had been opened and the warranty card was missing . The other packing material clearly showed signs of repackaging . To Amazon 's credit , they told me to keep the defective one -LRB- I guess it will do for parts , i.e. the chain -RRB- as I had already put bar chain oil in it and flammable material can not be shipped back to Amazon . They are sending me out another one , which I should receive in a couple of days . I requested that they specifically check that it is new and unopened . Hopefully , they will comply . At any rate , my recommendation is to call customer service prior to ordering , ask them to make sure you are receiving a new , unopened box and not a return to avoid all the hassles , and wasting money on chain oil , etc. . Amazon deserves 5 stars for their great customer service in mitigating this problem , but a -1 star for reselling defective , returned merchandise . I 'm looking forward to using the saw as I read alot of positive reviews .
 I purchased this saw due to the high reviews it got . I used this saw and was impressed by the power of it . After a while I noticed that the chain was getting very hot and smoking . I tried a few adjustments , no improvement . Then I checked the oil on the chain . There was none and the oil reservoir was still full . I took the chain cover off and ran the saw without the chain . Still no oil coming out . I checked the troubleshooting guide and it recommended a service call for this sort of problem . Because this is the first time using the saw , I decided to return it .
 Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4 HP Electric Chain SawReduction gear stripped after less than one hour of use .
 Got this last year to replace a different brand that broke a retaining bolt - no parts available for that brand . This saw got about 3-4 hours of cutting time total before it locked up tight . It 's now useless .
 I read many of the positive reviews about this saw and made my purchase on that basis . First , I was very dissapointed in the two delivery delays , but I was n't in a big hurry . So , I waited as several others did . I do n't think Amazon should list a product as `` available '' if it is n't . When I received the saw , I used it to cut a couple of small , 8 '' -10 '' trees and buck them with no problems . I was pleased with the power and convenience.I do wish Poulan and other electric device manufacturers would be more realistic with their horse power ratings . Four continuous horse power out of a 120 volt motor is nearly impossible . This much power only occurs at or near stalling speed . Based on the amperage rating of the motor -LRB- I think it was around 11-12 amps -RRB- its able to deliver about 1 1/2 HP continuously . That 's more useful information . Why do n't they use it?More to the point , after about 2 hours of use , the chain stopped running even though the motor was running . I contacted both Amazon and the manufacturer . I was given the option of returning the saw for a refund or having it repaired under warranty . I took it to a repair shop to see what was wrong and they determined that the big plastic reduction gear that drives the chain sproket was spinning on its metal shaft and would have to be replaced . I decided that a replacement would probably be no better than the original and returned the saw , at no charge , for a full refund . I was pleased with Amazons service except for the original delivery delays and , as with other reviewers , they tried to charge me a re-stocking fee . After complaining that I did n't return the saw for my convenience and that they were n't going to restock a defective saw , they backed off and refunded everything . As with some others , I spent a substantial amount more and purchased the Makita 16 '' electric and , while I have n't used it a lot yet , It seems a lot better .
 We used this chainsaw only 8 to 10 times , to cut down stray limbs , total running time less than two hours . Took it out this spring and it would not start . Verified there was power to the device , but it was totally dead . What a disappointment . We had replaced a gas powered chain saw that always needed spark plug attention and were happy to deal with the cord for the sake of reliability , but we sure did n't get it with this unit .
 Saw arrived quickly , and worked well for a couple of 3 - 4 '' diameter limbs that came down in the yard during the last snowstorm . I noticed after 15 minutes or so that the oil level had not changed , and that the chain appeared dry . I removed the bar and checked the oil holes -LRB- outlets for the oil pump to discharge oil onto the bar/chain -RRB- and no oil was present . Will be returning to Amazon shortly , which is unfortunate because for the cost and size it seemed like a fairly competent little saw .
 OK - This is not a high powered gas engine that revs up and rips through trees . It ca n't be used in the woods a mile away from an outlet . I would n't recommend standing in the rain or deep snow when using it . It 's electric.It does n't make a lot of noise . It does n't belch smoke . It does n't conk out.It does work . It cuts wood well . I have less than an acre with lots of trees . Every year I need to cut 3 or 4 that range from 5 to 15 inches in diameter , soft and hard wood . No gas , no oil to mix , no smell , no draining after use . I took it out of the box , added oil , plugged it in , and cut more wood than I wanted to move . Simple and effective.The right tool for the right job .4 / 6/2012Soon after I wrote the above the saw just quit . I had done about 30 cuts . Nothing hard . I contacted the manufacturer and they said they will be sending me another one rather than fix mine . It 's been over a month . They say they are on back order . I have 2 30 foot trees lying in my backyard.Changed my review from 4 stars to 2 because of poor warranty response .
 This chainsaw worked fine for a day , handled all my around the house chores , the second day the started died on me , switched to a new brand and havent had any problems since , Will never buy Poulan again
 Bought this about a year ago , I use it to cut small branches and a few small trees when I moved into my new house . after a few weeks of storage this saw start leaking oil the whole time ... Ever since I 've never use it again . Horrible build .
 I just got my Poulan Pro 400E . . I was pretty excited to start using it -LRB- finally got some free time -RRB- . But when I opened the box and went through the instructions , I noticed that the tension screw was broken - actually it was the anchor nut -LRB- I 'll post a picture -RRB- . This is a bit inconvenient since its not use serviceable -LRB- the cage for the screw is plastic molded so you ca n't disassemble it . Too bad , a serious safely problem caused by a cheap .05 part , and designed so you ca n't easily fix it . Anyways , I 'm going to get a refund . At least Amazon is good about all that .
 It 's hard to review this product since I have not been able to get it started .
 I ordered this item by mail because I trusted Amazon . It was cool to see that this item qualifies for free shipping . Then when I saw my order confirmation , they charged me $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for shipping . When I tried to change it immediately after , their system said too late , but it said my order would be received in about the same amount of time that they said it would take for the free shipping option.Now I do n't trust Amazon anymore . Verrry sneaky people.Sorry it has to end this way.By the way , I 'm sure the Poulan is a fine piece of equipment . I own two of their gas chainsaws and they start much easier than their more expensive competition .
 I originally bought this saw 11/2006 and they said delivery would be around 12/2006 . Then they said it would be another month to deliver it , so I changed the address to deliver . Amazon ended up canceling my order in 1/2007 . So I bought it again on 1/2007 and it was supposed to be delivered on 2/2007 . Then Amazon wanted to extend again another month which would make it 3/2007 , which I approved via email . When my dad did n't receive it 3/2007 , I logged in to my account and Amazon extended it another month without notifying me ! This was a Christmas present and this is unacceptable.I 'm sure it is a great saw . It is a customer reports best buy . Just buy it somewhere else .
 I order this in December , 2007 . After several delays in shipping , I learned it wo n't ship any sooner than late October 2007 . This is totally unacceptable . If it ca n't be delivered , it should n't be advertised by Amazon .
 This chainsaw worked OK at first . I was using it to edge the lawn and it did a pretty good job . Not quite as clean as I would have liked but you ca n't beat the price . Well , I got to the end of one side of my lawn , and I wanted to turn it off . Not knowing how to do so -LRB- I did n't really read the directions -RRB- , I just tried to grab the blade and stop it with my hands . Boy was that a bad idea ! Now I do n't have any fingers and I had to buy that $ 900 dictation software so that I can still use my computer . I really should have paid attention to that label that said `` do not attempt to stop blade with hands '' , but who really pays attention to that stuff ? The worst part about it is that I ca n't do my job anymore and I ca n't even sue the company that made it -LRB- something about putting a warning label on the product removes their liability -RRB- . Yeah , I saw that warning label and it was n't kidding ! I will never `` attempt to stop blade with hands '' again !
 Poulan Pro 18-Inch 4 HP Electric Chainsaw # 400EI have a serious 4 ft diameter mulberry tree to cut up after a professional tree cutter brought it down to the ground for me . The pieces of tree left for me to cut were about 30 inches thick . I bought a Poulan Pro 400 E chainsaw to cut my tree up with . My last saw was a Poulan SE 300 that lasted over 10 years . I received the new Pro 400 E saw and set it up and started and with in a couple hours working somthing happened and the motor would run and the chain would turn until the blade touched the tree then the motor would continue to run full speed but the chain would stop . Something in the gear drive or clutch broke . I figured it was just a unusual event as I have had good luck with Poulan . I sent it back and replaced it with the exact same model . I received second saw and set it up and started cutting . Both saws cut very very well until they stopped . The second Poulan saw ran for about and hour and a half then the motor made a noise sounded like a pop and then the motor started running at greatly reduced speed . A winding must have burned through in the armature . I feel the Poulan Pro 400 would still be a good saw for light yard work , but if you have a serious tree to tackle it is not up to heavy duty work !
 I 'm really frustrated with the product and Amazon -LRB- at first -RRB- . I get the chainsaw and use it once in the first couple days ... no problems . In fact , I was pretty happy with the product . Then , four or five weeks later I get it out and attempt to use it again . Nothing ! Nada ! No worky ! The thing does n't even try . I 'm thinking its got to be the cord or the outlet , something like that ! But all is good there . Well , its under warranty and the manual says to just return it to the seller . Originally , Amazon would not take the return ; I was not happy ! But after a nice online chat , Amazon agreed to replace it . For that , I have upgraded my star rating from 1 to 2 in hopes that the next one will work more than once . I 'll update after a few runs , and I 've got a small tree to take down next . And finally , three cheers to Amazon for doing the right thing !
 I had n't been cutting for more than 30 minutes when the motor fried . Yes , I was using the correct gauge wire/length . I was disappointed to say the least .
 I purchased one of these about a week before Hurricane Gustav came through Baton Rouge , not even thinking about ever using it to clear off down trees . I thought it would be better to get an electric model and not have to fool with gas and oil . That was a mistake . After the rain stopped , I ended up carting a generator around in a wheelbarrow to use the chainsaw.When it had power , the chainsaw worked great . I could cut through just about anything a gas model would cut . The only problem with the generator was that the saw would trip the overload protection when cutting though large branches -LRB- over 10 or so inches -RRB- . After about 3 or 4 hours of use , the unit just stopped working . I cleaned out the bar , thinking something had jammed it , but no . It was dead . It was a huge bummer to have it die while I was cleaning out the yard . I have returned it and purchased a gas model . If you live in storm prone areas , stay away from electric !!!
 The chain tension adjustment screw nut split in half when I attempted to adjust the chain tension as part of the initial saw setup . This happened while I turned the adjustment screw with a screwdriver using only moderate pressure . Very disappointed . I returned the saw .
 Purchased saw to trim some medium sized trees . Unfortunately , when reading the literature which came with the saw , it states that using an extension cord more than 50 feet long is not recommended and that the saw could overheat with a longer extension cord . This makes it unuseable for anyone except those who have trees within 50 feet of an electrical outlet . You could use a gasoline generator , but this defeats the purpose of an electric saw and it is impractical . Nowhere on the website description does it caution you about this problem and this is a mistake for Amazon which I assume has many of these items returned for various reasons . Description should contain the extension cord limitation .
 Purchased it 3 months ago , used twice for about 1/2 hour total to cut some 6 '' diameter downed logs , light use . It would n't even start for me this weekend . Too late to return to Amazon , we 'll see how good the customer service is at Poulan .
 Written in the blush of new ownership
 I bought it from Amazon.Had it for 3 months , cut down 7 medium trees and cut the logs up into firewood size . Then the motor went out.I live in San Angelo , TX and there is no service center here for Poulan 's electric products.So , Poulan agreed to send me another one without me sending the old one back . I just had to peel all the stickers of it and send those in.Will see how the next one works out .
 I bought this have at work and planned on buying a second eventually to replace my similar functioning unit at home . This unit setup quickly and gives a nice display of time/date/internal temp , but the external receiver is unreliable . I have n't even placed the second unit outside and it is losing signal needing a reset a couple of times a day - from five feet away ! I wish I had tried it sooner and not thrown out the packaging as I would return it if I had .
 I bought this product to replace my `` Oregon Scientific BAR933HGA Message Weather Station '' which recently stopped working . I was completely satisfied with my old model
 The very reason you buy this is to have atomic clock , outside temp , and weather info . It frequently tells me outside is raining when there is no rain in sight . Outside temp is inaccurate , and very slow to respond , Atomic clock show no signal . I have La Cross brand , it is much better .
 It says on the website -- Product Dimensions
 I have out this all over the outdoors and it still does not work . It cindicted out of sunlight , no doors or walls , yet outside to read the temparature . It still does not work for the outside temperature .
 I bought these shears for light duty hedge cutting when I did n't want to get out my gas powered hedge cutters . They are junk . They rusted easily , although I never left them out in the rain or exposed to the elements . The blade seemed dull from the first time I used them . The rust has also increased the amount of effort required to operate the shears . Also , the handles are too close together so every time you go to cut something you land up smashing your knuckles together in as the handles close . Not a pleasant experience . Based on this experience I would not buy another Fiskar 's product .
 This product gets rust easily . It is not very strong . Need to be used for gentle use only .
 I bought this for my I ground pool . Once it hits the slope to the deep end it rolls at a fast pace all the way down the slope without cleaning up any debris . It gets stuck in the corners of the deep end and will stay there until you move it . When you pull it out of the water tons of debris falls out of the bottom because the design is horrible . This product is a waste of your time and money !
 This product at more then $ 300.00 is not a toy.I bought the -LRB- pool gir -RRB- l to clean the bottom of my pool . It picks up maybe 10 % of the dirt on on the bottom . When I take it out to clean it , it dumps most of the dirt back into the pool that it picked up . I call -LRB- dirt devil -RRB- to tell them that I was totally disappointed with the -LRB- pool girl -RRB- they told me that thats the way it operates . I will never buy anything -LRB- dirt devil -RRB- makes again !! This is the first review I have ever done .
 Would not recommend this produst . Could not get the outdoor remote to broadcast -LRB- connect -RRB- to the main unit . OS recommends lithium batteries -LRB- $ 2 + each -RRB- that would be an expensive temp reading .
 Still ca n't get what I ordered it for -- indoor AND outdoor temp . Can get one or the other but not both .
 I have had difficulty getting this item set up to work-I got so frustrated I put it away for a while and tried again a few months later-still no luck
 we were pleased with it for the first couple of months but then it started sporadically not being able to communicate with the outside unit . we would move it , it would work , then it would quit . the outside unit has not stopped showing the correct temp but the inside unit has not shown the correct temp , time , humidity etc. for nearly 9 months . why did it take me so long to write a review ? one , because i forgot ... . and two because i kept thinking it was in a temporary mode of not communicating . but when i passed by it this morning on my way to the computer , i had to log in and write this real quick.i am disappointed because it was so neat those first couple of months to be able to tell the humidity before ever opening the back door . oh well , guess we can always do it the old fashioned way .
 I needed a second thermometer to work with my current system.I spent a week trying to contact Oregon Scientific 's customer service department , where I was told to leave a message but my calls were never returned.I finally figured out on my own that this model would work with my current sensors , however , it is not easy to use , and the buttons are on the side so that each time you move the sensor you change a setting.My main complaint is with Oergon Scientific 's customer service.This is the last time I will purchase from Oregon Scientific .
 This item has one thing going for it . It keeps great time ! As for as the temperture inside and outside forget it . It has n't worked from day one and I even had a teckie friend see if I was doing something wrong . I personally feel my money should be refunded or one that works sent to me.Linda Ann Baragar525 S Conway Rd # 154Orlando , FL 32807
 I 've had this product for about two years and was generally pleased . But recently when I needed to replace the batteries in the sensor , I discovered that the very deeply recessed screws were `` frozen '' and I could not budge them with the very tiny screwdriver I needed . Certainly they could have designed the case to be more user friendly . I e-mailed the company describing my problem and asking for suggested solutions . I never got a response.I would not buy this product again .
 To get remote humidity sensing , you need to buy another sensor . Also , the remote sensor and the base unit keep losing sync and I have to open up the remote sensor -LRB- removing 3 screws each time -RRB- and reset the unit . Lastly , to see the remote temperature AND the inside temp/humidity requires hitting a button the side 4 times ; twice for remote sensors that I do n't have .
 If you live in a warm weather climate , this is probably a good product . For those of us who live in the northern part of the country however , it does n't stand the test . To be fair , it states in the directions that alkaline batteries will likely freeze below 20 degrees , but of course you need to purchase the product to find this out . The consumer has the option of purchasing lithium batteries , but they are harder to find . I would recommend this product
 Pros : - When it 's working , the MR683 is a nice little device . The base unit detects temp and humidity , but the included remote unit detects only temp . Nice touches are the atomic clock -LRB- nice to have when you consider the cons below ... -RRB- The LCD shows a basic little temperature ` trend ' arrow that is simple but surprisingly useful when trying to gauge whether or not to open up the windows at night vs leave the a/c on.Cons : - Button placement and utilization is horrible ! Had to read the manual twice to figure out how to get the thing set up the way I wanted . 4 control buttons are flush-mounted on the side , and 6 are mounted on the back . - Shows only one sensor at the time -LRB- have to find the button to switch between inside and outside temp . -RRB- Dure to the poor UI , you have to fumble with it a bit to make sure you hit the right button to swap sensors . - After about 6 months , it stopped listening reliably to the external sensor . Swapped the batteries - did n't help . Only thing that works is resetting the base unit . It does this about once a day , maybe when it 's syncing up with the atomic clock . I keep a paperclip handy to reset it . - Time is lost when you reset the device -LRB- necessary due to the above con -RRB- and it takes a half a day for the clock to sync back up , so basically it 's now pretty useless as a clock most of the time ...
 I purchased this weather station needing information about the outside temperature from indoors . The indoor temperature information display worked fine , but it failed to communicate at all with the outdoor sensor . I even tried setting them side by side and changing brand new batteries when following the directions produced no reading . I returned the item and Amazon sent me a new unit at zero cost , to me , even covering the return shipping . The second unit communicated with the sensor for about 24 hours and then quit . Again the indoor information was displayed , but my need is for the outdoor information . The base unit and the sensor were placed less than 15 feet apart and within a direct line of sight through a sliding glass door . I 'll be looking to a different manufacturer for a replacement . Amazon was great throughout the situation .
 I was disappointed by this Oregon Scientific product . I 've listed the reasons below.The outdoor sensor does n't measure humidity . Perhaps the packaging said something to this effect , but it certainly was n't obvious -LRB- I do n't have the packaging anymore to check -RRB- . The plastic packaging was VERY hard to open . I had to use a pocket knife , and I came close to cutting myself.The instructions are very poorly written . Yeah , I got the thing working eventually , but only after cursing the people who wrote the instructions . You 'd think that the company would expend at least SOME effort to make sure that the directions were clear and unambiguous.The directions say that the remote -LRB- outdoor -RRB- sensor does n't work well in very cold weather -LRB- because the batteries do n't function well -RRB- . Well , since I live in the northeast , very cold weather is common here . If I knew this in advance , I would n't have bought the unit.I ca n't recommend this product . There must be something better available .
 I have had a variety or Oregon Scientific equipment and they are either just fine or total pieces of junk . This one falls into the junk category . It wo n't pick up WWV to set the clock and it wo n't pick up the outdoor sender unit unless it is within a few feet -LRB- less than 10 ' -RRB- of the base station . Also , the outdoor unit does not send humidity , for that you need to buy another sender unit . Finally , the base station does not display indoor and outdoor temps at the same time . It can do one or the other or it can sequence through all 4 temperatures
 After four days the atomic clock has yet to set correctly . In small print INSIDE the package it states '' does n't work well in cold climates . . '' What good is it when you live in the north east USA . . deceptive packaging . Very poor directions for setup . Comparing it to two other temp gauges -LRB- in same location -RRB- this unit is approx . 6-12 degrees warmer than it really is outside.Very disappointing for a company of their caliber to be producing such a worthless unit . What a waste of $ 50 ! Shirl of PA
 1 - unit does n't come with any batteries . Need 2 AA 's & 2 AAA 's 2 - remote sensor only senses temperature - not humidity .3 - left units sitting on dining room table . By the next day the remote sensor has stopped working . -LRB- no red blink every 40 seconds -RRB- . Tried new batteries / reset button = no effect .
 I expected the clock to be `` Self-Setting Atomic Clock '' capable , it is definately not . It is very difficult to set up and does not read the outside temperatures as advertised !! I am totally dissatisfied with this product and am going to throw it out in the garbage !!
 Totally unacceptable product . The elastic band used to keep the cover in place became non-elastic in less than 2 months . Now the cover can be blown off by light breezes making it totally useless for the purpose intended . A waste of money .
 Bad Fit did not hold shape for a week had to use clips to hold on a 48 inch round table
 I ordered this for my 60 '' diameter patio table . Assumed 61 `` x61 `` x2 '' would cover it easily . However , the cover is 61 '' in diameter when fully stretched . No way it will cover a 60 '' diameter table.The plastic is actually pretty heavy duty , sort of plasticized fabric . Could be a decent cover for a 54 '' diameter table -LRB- or smaller -RRB- . I returned it and got full credit .
 I purchased 2 patio chair covers by Hearth and Garden -LRB- Model Tri-000393 -RRB- the end of May 2010 through Amazon . The material seemed substantial as though it would last a long time . I was extremely disapointed when I picked up the patio chair during spring cleaning -LRB- end of April 2011 -RRB- and the patio cover ripped -- a big rip . When I began to pull the cover off , it ripped again in a different spot . I was n't being rough with the cover . I would NOT order these covers -- you would be throwing your money away unless you only expect the patio covers to last 1 year . I also ordered 2 patio chair covers -LRB- the Veranda Collection # 78932 -RRB- by Classic Accessories through Amazon . Those patio covers have stood up to the local elements to date . I am pleased with the patio covers by Classic Accessories so far . I live 18 miles from the Atlantic Ocean . It is very humid during the summer and last winter was unusually cold for this area . I have lived here for 40 years .
 All 4 covers I purchased developed mildew and can not be cleaned . Very disappointed at the quality , have to throw them out and shop for a better product .
 Bought various covers for my outdoor furniture like this . Well made & sturdy , but I had to return this one . It was made so skinny my umbrella would n't fit , and the zipper would n't go up . The umbrella is an ordinary 7 foot one , not bulky at all . I ca n't imagine what kind of umbrella would fit in this cover.Customer service on return good .
 I purchased this umbrella cover for a 10 ' diameter umbrella . The fabric when the umbrella is folded is approximately 60 '' long . The base is approximately 10-12 '' across when folded . The top is probably 5 '' . It is a Pottery Barn Market umbrella . This cover did n't even come close to fitting . It barely fit over the top of the umbrella , and we were lucky to get it zipped about 2 feet down . There was no way it was going to cover our umbrella , and the zipper stitching started to separate with the slightest tug when we were trying to get this cover around our umbrella . I would imagine this would not fit any wood frame umbrella , but would probably be ok for a thinner metal/vinyl framed umbrella . The fabric did seem nice , however . I returned this item to the company .
 Zipper broke the first time I tried to use it . It was not due to a snug fit . I am very disappointed with this item and will be returning it.Hearth & Garden Patio Umbrella Cover
 I 'm sure this may be a good buy for the right application but the umbrella would have to be very small in diameter . When I tried to install it , it was just too small and the zipper broke as soon as I put pressure on it . Amazon again gets my thumbs up for a rapid refund .
 The chaise cover looks and fits great . However , we did not put any cushions on the chaise until now , early March . The cover was bought last Fall , 2008 , but only used to cover the metal frame over the winter . I now find the cover has pin hole leaks and the cushion is getting soaked . Time to find out if there is any warranty !
 I buy a lot of items on Amazon ... and have never written a review before . We just built a pool and purchased some nice furniture so I wanted to buy some covers for our chaise lounge chairs . These covers were a great price ... and were great for a few months . We have had them for approximately a year ... and they are absolutely terrible . Completely falling apart with large holes in many of the covers . The price is definitely cheap ... but I do n't think it is unreasonable to expect them to be able to hold up under normal conditions . They are really bad.I am looking on Amazon and hoping to buy some that are better quality .
 This chaise cover has had very little wear and tear . It is being used in California in an area where the weather is very mild . I have been using it now for about 2 years and it is falling apart with holes all over it . This is very disappointing because it was quite expensive for what it was . Please save your money and avoid this one . I now have to purchase another chaise cover . This item was not cost effective .
 This looked so attractive , and with no kids or pets around anymore , thought I 'd be o.k. . . buyer , beware ! It rips - a lot . Which renders it useless as far as protecting and keeping clean what 's underneath . Will buy cheaper , more disposable , and probably not as good looking covers from now on .
 I bought 2 of these about 6 months ago . They are now both shredded masses in the garbage . They did look nice and fit well the first few months . The fabric is moderately thick but rips very easily once a small tear is started . If you live somewhere with not much weather and dont have pets or small children these covers will probably be good enough but dont expect them to hold up to much stress .
 I was originally delighted with what appeared to be sturdy construction.After a few months , tears started to appear in the fabric . I had n't removedthe covers very much so they must be very sensitive to the environment in some way.It was a waste of money .
 I paid $ 60 . for two lounge chair covers . I spent this much because I thought that , for the money , they would be durable and last . That is , after all , what the sellers advertised . Good quality ! Um ... NO ! I have been using these covers all through the Summer to protect our lounge chairs . After about a month they started to show mold . After about 2 1/2 months , one of them got ` sun rot ' and would tear or crumble where you touched it . Now both of them are in shreds and I 'm left with having to go buy new covers . $ 60 on covers that have been used less than 6 months is a total rip-off ! I 'd rather buy the cheaper ones and when they wear out , at least I do n't feel so bad !
 I chose this because it looked like it would fit well on my table . This cover did not last 2 minutes , literally . I was putting the cover on and the velcro straps that attach to the cover broke . This product is junk !
 This cover is not durable there are tears and holes in it after only9 months . Dont buy it cheap garbage and waste of money .
 I recently bought furniture covers for all our patio furniture . While it may be my mistake in not reading the description fully but this cover just has small velcro straps at the corners . All the other covers -LRB- same brand -RRB- had elastic drawstrings and plastic buckle fasteners . The cover works and has so far stayed on the table , but it is early in the winter .
 I had to return this item as it would not fit my 75 `` x40 '' table . Even though it says it is 76 '' long it was still more than a foot too short for my table . When we stretched the cover out and measured it at the center , it did measure 76 '' . Maybe it was meant for an oval table not a square table . Ended up buying a piece of foam board -LRB- $ 8 -RRB- and a tarp -LRB- $ 3 -RRB- . Much less expensive and now hail should n't even damage the table . Plus , the tarp is water proof which this cover was not .
 This product seemed great until it got cold . I live in Maryland , so it 's not super cold but it is below freezing most of the winter . This patio cover became brittle as soon as it got below freezing , and ripped like paper when I tried to shift it . I could have handled a small tear , but it just kept getting bigger -LRB- flapping in the wind -RRB- and then ripped in other places until it was barely covering the table . It might seem like a good price but it 's not worth it if you live where it gets cold and have to replace it every winter !
 I bought this in October 2009 . It worked well to keep the rain off our table and chairs . The main problem is that it kept blowing off , even when tied . I went to put it back on again today -LRB- Jan 2011 -RRB- and it ripped in several spots . I think it should have lasted a lot longer , especial since the weather here -LRB- SF Bay -RRB- is pretty mild all year .
 This is the perfect size for my Softub spa , and a lot less money than a special spa cover . Covering the spa protects its vinyl from the sun 's UV and helps it last longer . I live in the San Francisco Bay Area , and sun is strong in the summer -LRB- though not as strong as some places -RRB- . I bought a similar one from a different maker a couple of years ago , and this spring , that cover was starting to rip and shed its lining . Well , it was cheap , so I had no complaints.This time , I could not find the same maker , so I bought this Hearth & Garden cover . Approximately the same price.I started using it this April . Last weekend , end of October , I threw it out because it was ripping in a dozen different places . That is only 7 months of use . And it is designed for outdoor use , so this is really unexcusable . The reason I am giving it 2 stars , versus only 1 , is because it was a fairly low price . But at this rate , I would need to buy 2 every year.I will be shopping for a different brand of cover , that 's for sure .
 This table cover lasted a little less than one year before it disintegrated . We are in S. California so the elements are not that harsh but when you touch the cover it now comes apart in your hands . We have had covers from Walmart that lasted better .
 Bought this cover in March 2010 and it ripped yesterday -LRB- August 30th 2011 -RRB- ... Would have expected a cover to last longer despite being exposed to one cold winter and one hot summer ... Just spent $ 10 more and will try the Terrazo one ...
 When I first opened this product I thought , `` wow , this seems like a sturdy cover , well-built , and should last for quite some time . '' I was poorly mistaken . I live in MN , so we have cold and snowy winters . After 1 winter , this cover is totally worthless . Extremely brittle , tears everywhere , the cover is now like a piece of paper that tears anytime it 's moved . I have nice patio furniture and seek to protect it from the elements . Covers are supposed to do that , so I found it extremely disapointing to not even get 1 year out of this . Definitely would not recommend , am looking for something more expensive that will hold up better .
 Disappointed with this cover - like most covers I 've tried - this one is no different as it will not cover the table AND chairs together . I have taller backs on our chairs and even though the measurements seemed like it should fit - it simply does n't . Kinda looks like a full size contour sheet trying to fit on a queen mattress !! Not even close ! The quality of the product appears to be good but unfortunately I 'll never know how it holds up . I doubt there is any cover that will work well with this size set . Missed the return window too so now I own it !! : -LRB-
 We purchased several of these to cover all our patio furniture . The covers in this line look great . However , after one year 's use , they have holes , small and large all over . They no longer are of use for what they were purchased for . They do n't go to the ground and fit snuggly -LRB- I have all sizes -RRB- . Do n't purchase them to keep the yellow pine pollen off the furniture ... that does n't work at all . It would be cheaper to leave my furniture out in the elements and replace it every four or five years than to purchase these yearly -LRB- which is what is necessary if you are trying to keep rain , snow , ice off -RRB- .
 This cover lasted just over year before it started self destructing . The fabric has become so weak that just grabbing the cover with my bare hand causes it to tear .
 Put it on the table in May , Shredded by December ! Very stiff in cold temperature . When you take it off it rips , once a rip has started , it continues .
 I 've had two of these same covers for about 1 year , bought them at the same time , they are now ripping and starting to tear when I put them on and off . Bottom line , the warranty was limited , although the descriptions says ` years of enjoyment ' , which might be true if I used it inside -LRB- kidding -RRB- . This is clearly an outside cover , which ca n't handle the elements for too long . I live in CA , so the only weather this encountered , aside from infrequent rain , is sun . The sun must be cryptonite for these covers , because it is DONE . Sad to say , but this proved to be a 1 year option for me , very dissapointed .
 I bought this patio table cover in June 2011 . It was supposed to withstand cracking and fading , which it did not . After a year of use , it became brittle . With a slight touch , it cracked and split in half . So much for the years of use that the description suggested . Must now shop for a better product .
 We purchased this in January 2011 and already there are 2 rips in it . We will need to purchase a replacement one . The material is medium weight - thought it would last longer than 1 3/4 years .
 DO NOT buy this item.WASTE of $ $ $ . Totally cracked and ripped within 3 months of purchase due to sun exposure.Isn ' t this what the cover is for -- sun protection ?! Once covered for the season we did n't even remove the cover from our patio furniture until 3 months later and only uncovered/recovered patio set about 3 times before noticing major disintegration.We handled cover VERY carefully -- damage is obviously from sun damage here in Southern California -- dried , cracked and ripped throughout.Has 1 year manufacturer 's warranty , but ca n't get this settled through Amazon , or find manufacturer 's phone # , even on Internet .
 After only a year and a half it is ripped in multiple places . Our NorCal climate is very mild , so this is a big disappointment . Ca n't find manufacturers website to complain .
 T purchased this item last summer and started using it in the fall , once the heat in Arizona abated . It is now April 1 and the item is torn and cracked . NO DURABILITY -- did not even last six months of use in a climate where the winter averages 60 degrees F and NO precipitation ,
 This cover was purchased in March 2011 and used in Los Angeles to cover a table and 4 chairs . It has been removed maybe 3 times . It is November 2011 and the fabric has deteriorated to where you can puncture it by gently pressing your finger against it . It is a heavy material and initially was very strong , but obviously has little or no UV protection . I have a grill cover that is over 15 years old and still going strong . I only wish I could find a table cover of the same quality . If anybody can recommend one , please comment .
 I could n't even use this brush . It kept shedding bristles , even after several washes . My advice is do n't even bother with it .
 I bought this based on good reviews , but this is just `` okay '' in my opinion . I would not recommend this brush .
 I purchased two of these items and have placed one on my side gate entering my back yard ... It has broken already ... I have one left but am not very happy with the item 's durability ... . Item has broken and does not seem to be worth the money ... Plastic is to brittle ... Should be made out of metal ...
 Very poor quality , first time the wind hit it it broke . Do not waste your time or money on this product
 I bought this for my husband for after many snow storms , however the first snow storm he used it the canopy blew off and it was a disaster . Not worth the money and of course we could n't return it . It also was hard to attach to our snow blower .
 Last season we purchased a self filling Intex pool . It was defective and the company said `` sorry you warranty is up '' . So we thought we would try a metal frame Intex pool . We got it up filled it with 6700 gallons of water and found it had a seam leak . We drained it , returned it and got another thinking this ca n't happen again . Well guess what another seam leak . We were smart this time and only filled it up with ten inches of water . Save yourself some stress , time and the need to repair your yard . DO N'T GET THESE POOLS !!!
 After hearing the neighbor rave above her Intex 18 ' x 4 ' metal frame pool , we decided to purchase the same pool for our family . BIG MISTAKE ! The pool is identical to our neighbors , except for the pump/filter unit . We received the small 635 model with our pool , and according to all five `` Intex Consumer Services Agents '' -LRB- who all never have a supervisor around when you call -RRB- , my neighbor must has purchased last year model , and the '06 models have a new pump . AND THE NEW PUMP STINKS !! It may be perfectly fine for a smaller pool , but it is definately not for the larger pools like mine . The pump will not filter enough water to keep the water clear . We purchased every chemical/clarifier that the pool store can throw at us , and even DRAINED AND REFILLED THE POOL !! But still POOR FILTRATION is the problem . I have contacted the Intex Consumer Service line SEVEN TIMES !! And it is a complete joke . They are all scripted agents , who are not empowered to help customers . I have faxed copies of my receipts and letters of complaints , and I have yet to be successful in making contact with this mysterious `` Manager of Consumer Services '' that the phone agents speak of . Apparently , there are a room full of phone agents running around without any supervision ! The last word today was that INTEX DOES NOT WANT TO UPGRADE THE PUMP AND BECAUSE WE PURCHASED THE POOL 38 DAYS AGO -LRB- apparently you need to request a refund before 30 days -RRB- , THEY WILL NOT GIVE US A REFUND ... . STAY AWAY FROM INTEX ...
 Gypsum is not a fertilizer . It is not a soil conditioner . It is a source of sulphur for soils . It will help reduce the sodium content in highly salty soil . But it will not add calcium to the soil or raise the Ph. There is very little need for use by gardeners in most of the US . Save your money . Get a soil test from your local or state ag university or extension service to see what you would need in fertilizer or compost .
 If you want a nice pad for a pool buy a heavy duty tarp . It might cost twice as much , but will be larger and far thicker and stronger . For less than twice the price , of this one , I got a 16x20 tarp which was very heavy , and treated for sun exposure . Please do not waste your money on this one . It is more suitable to make a kite out of , it is paper thin . Intex should drop this product , because it is a very poor product , and will not protect against much .
 I should have read the reviews but I was in a hurry , and just bought it . It came yesterday and it is so cheap . You can buy the cheapest tarp at walmart and it will be about the same . It 's too big for the 12 foot pool too . Wish I had just run across the street instead of waiting on shipping .
 I purchased an easy set pool , 16 ' x 42 '' and decided i wanted a ground cloth for placement under the pool since i had a smaller pool previously and although the pool was not damaged while sitting on the ground it did make for additional cleaning at the end of the season . So , when i puchased this ground cloth the descriiption indicated that it was for all pools up to 16 ' ; however when it arrived the product package indicated that it was for pools up to 15 1/2 ' . i could have purchased this same product at Big Lots at a cheaper price , but did not because it would not provide coverage for my size pool . So now I am left with 1/2 foot of pool without coverage . I did respond to Amazon about this issue and almost immediately after receiving the product -LRB- approximately one month ago -RRB- and have yet to receive a reply .
 I have bought two pools from Intex.As products go , they are ok . merely OK.But what you should be aware of is if you need replacements parts , you are on your own.The filter pump went out after 4 months use.So I thought it would be easy to get a replacement part . Easy . Right?No . Most retailers will not carry these parts.You are at the mercy of Atex 's very high prices if you order from them . Amazon lists them , if at all , at very high prices.Please beware of the shortage of replacement parts , because like I said , you will be on your own .
 This is nothing more than a cheap tarp you can buy at your local discount store . Do n't waste your time and money .
 Very thin . Folded it twice to fit under the pool I have . After just a couple of months , the cloth was ripping apart . We were getting blue on our feet . Would not recommend .
 This is so thin , that after having it for only 2 weeks , it was already splitting at the seams and ripping . It was totally worthless . The only way this product would be beneficial , is if you piled about 10 of them on top of each other .
 We just purchased our third intex pool in eight years and previous years we have used a heavy-duty tarp . This year I spent more money and bought this Intex ground cloth which claims to be `` extra padded '' ... well , that 's a joke ! Thankfully , I only paid $ 18 for this disappointing ground cover . This is THE thinnest `` tarp '' I 've ever seen . Next year , I will go back to the discount warehouse where I can buy a 16 ' heavy duty tarp for $ 8 - $ 12 . I would NOT waste my money on this Intext ground cloth .
 Way too big for a 10 foot round pool . Cheaply made . Difficult to tuck in the flapping corners after water is in the pool . Would not purchase next time .
 It is just a basic tarp that you can buy at any home improvement store . Not sure how the price compares though . It needs to be tacked down and tears VERY easily , but does the job of keeping as much debris off my kids feet while they are in and out of the pool .
 This ground cloth is so cheap , there were small holes in it . I could have gotten a batter tarp from Home Depot for the same money .
 I 've had this for over a week . The bait is getting eaten and the trap is getting sprung , but still nothing caught . I think they do n't get all the way in and the door falls on them and they get away . I would give it 5 stars if it were called `` The Squirrel Feeder '' .
 This is waaaaaaaay too small for squirrels . Chipmunks just fine , but when a squirrel trips the trap his body is half way out of the trap so he just runs away . Great quality but no way it works for squirrels
 I read the reviews and most everyone seem to have no problem with catching many squrriels , with peanut butter on a cracker stuck to the tray . But i am begining to wonder if they smell the human scent and dont come near it . Or maybe they hid it under something that masked the human scent and the trap itsefl . Has anyone got any ideas ?
 Maybe this would have worked if our rats were less intelligent , or maybe if I was more , lol . I 'm not sure if I set it up wrong or not but the rats got the food out without it going off and we had to resort to other methods .
 The Havahart 1025 Two-Door trap did not work very well for capturing small Rabbits . Several times I watched a rabbit walk through one end and out the other without closing the trap .
 I have used Havahart traps to catch squirrels in the past and had GREAT success . I bought this one recently only to determine after getting it that it was way too small to catch a proper squirrel . They have tripped the trap 10 times on not gotten caught . How do I know I have squirrels ? One got caught in a rat trap . Very inhumane since he did not die , but was crippled instead.The larger Havahart I used many years ago caught 40 in 30 days and NEVER was tripped without catching one . DO NOT BUY THIS MODEL FOR SQUIRRELS !
 I did n't read close enough and have a squirrel trap that 's too small for those `` North American Monkeys '' that are bane in my garden . I wish I was catching them but not a one .
 It was out for weeks before I realized the bait had been eaten and the trap had not closed . Rebaited and had the same results .
 This trap has not been effective in catching a squirrel in my attic . While following instructions and baiting the trap with peanut butter and crackers , the trap has been cleaned of the bait on numerous occasions without tripping the door release . . There have also been three occasions when the bait was removed and the doors did trip shut , however no squirrel was captured.Even though this is advertised as a squirrel trap , apparently it does not work , unless the squirrel is small enough to get fully into the trap before tripping the release . I can only assume that the times the trap was tripped , the squirrel was able to hold the doors open with some part of his body while eating the bait . Very frustrating efforts over a two week period . I also had contacted Havahart and was using their suggestions for baiting the trap differently than called for in the instructions . . that did n't work either.I am planning to try a slightly larger trap -LRB- 1079 -RRB- based on reviews of that model .
 It is better described as a dining room for visiting squirrelsThe trap is too small to trap squirrel as their tail remains outside of the door and they just back out.The bait has been taken three times and the doors sprung but no squirrel remained.Squirrels are hoping I put out more bait soon .
 I bought this to catch suirrels . I found out , it is too small to catch grey squirrels . I saw one go in , but his tail was sticking out . So when the trap door came down , he backed out and ran away . I caught a chipmunk with it , but no squirrels . Then I bought model 1084 . That model is so easy to set up and large enough and sturdy enough to catch all the squirrels in my neighborhood .
 This trap uses gravity to hold the door close . If you transport your animal and the trap tips over , the door will automatically open and if you have the animal running in the car , good luck ! The cage must be at a horizontal position at all time if you do not want the animal to jump out when the door opens automatically at high angle .
 It is a bit frustrating to try to bait and set up this trap . It often trips itself and spills the bait . But , the worst thing is that it did not work for the squirrels we have here . I see now that if I had read the product description carefully I would have seen that it was for red squirrels , not grey squirrels , but I did not think much about it since the name is `` two door cage trap for squirrels '' . Get this only if you have LITTLE squirrels where you live .
 Havahart 1025 Live Animal Two-Door Squirrel , Chipmunk , Rat , and Weasel Cage TrapI have about 5 chipmunks living in my front yard around my wife 's flowerbeds . Bought the 1025 to take care of the problem humanely by relocation.Using peanut butter I watched them feast for 5 days with no success . After reading the reviews posted here I tried placing the bait in different areas like underneath and above the trip tray . I finally caught one 2 days later which still was n't good results . The main problem lies in the tripping setup . The chips only weigh 2 to 3 ounces and it takes more weight to trip this trap . Needless to say I returned where purchased and got a 1 door model 0745 . I caught a chip in 10 minutes and in 2 days caught the other 4 . So if you need a trap for chips get the 0745 .
 The trap has a couple of issues.First out of the box , the trap would not work . The trigger mechanism would not shut the doors . After bending the rods a little bit , the trap was working . Not a big deal for me , but definitely not a good first impression .2 nd problem is that the trap is too small for squirrels . I had squirrels in the attic and she got the bait -LRB- teeth marks visible on the remainder -RRB- and closed the trap doors but no squirrel inside . My guess is that to get the bait , the squirrel was not all the way in with either the tail sticking out or even the body and once the trap was tripped , she was able to back out because she was n't all the way in . I bet the trap would have worked for a smaller squirrel or rat or chipmunk but not the squirrels I had .
 I have the other Havahart one door design products & they work well but I 've observed squirrels much more interested in the two door since both sides are open.Problem with this unit is it is too small for squirrels . Part of their body sticks out the sides and they can stop the door from coming down and squeeze back out.This size probably works great for mice or maybe rats but much too small for squirrels ... buy the larger unit .
 I use this to trap squirrels . The bait pan is n't very sensitive . Even when it is sprung , one of the doors does not close entirely and the animals escape . It 's OK when used as a single door trap . But those are harder to attract squirrels since one door must remain shut at all times , and some squirrels may then be too cautious to enter .
 These traps are WAY too small !! The squirrels are hanging halfway out when it goes off . Worthless !! Buy the bigger one .
 The trap 's concept is good , but after trying for 2 weeks using 2 traps , I have officially given up . Somehow the rats keep setting the traps off without getting trapped inside . I do n't think there 's enough space for them to escape once the doors latch down , but they might be running through the trap without stopping to eat the food . I tried shutting one door , but I do n't believe they ever ventured inside when it was in that position . Whatever the case , I set up a couple of old `` snap traps '' last night and caught 2 rats . I 'm betting that I catch more tonight . Bummer , because I really would have preferred to catch and release them somewhere far from my home . I gave it 2 stars only because it seems like it could work ... it just did n't work out for me .
 The description should rate this trap only for very small squirrels . It 's WAY too small for your average squirrel . The doors hang up on the critter 's rump allowing an easy escape . The good news is that the dopes keep coming back . Therefore , I 'm optimistic that the larger size 2 door `` rabbit '' trap I just ordered should work well .
 So far I 've caught nine critters in the single door trap set up right next to this one and not a single critter in this one . Get the single door model .
 I am new to this trapping adventure , but the trap did not work for me - it was simply to small for squirrels around my house . A squirrel would enter only partially , with butt sticking out , trigger the door , yet and were able to wiggle out.Got a bigger trap , and caught a possum instead.Very frustrating .
 So far the only thing I 've caught in this trap are very pissed off squirrels -LRB- so if you 're needing to get rid of squirrels this trap is for you ! -RRB- -- BUT if you have a rat issue , do n't buy it . If you manage to coerce a rat into the trap , all they do is turn the trap upside down and the door opens right up and out they go . Want the `` Happy Trap '' back -- so much better . Did n't matter how much they tried to turn the trap , it did n't open !
 Well I got the Item and I 've done nothing but make my pest happy ! He is enjoying his organic peanut butter . I 've set it 2 times to find him eating it outside the trap . The last time I checked the trap was shut and locked but again the squirrel was not in it !
 TRAPS TOO SMALL TO CATCH RABBITS . COST ME TOO MUCH TO RETURN . 1025 DESCRIPTION NOW SAYS SQUIRRELS .
 Maybe it was me , or my area of the country , -LRB- rural southern California -RRB- , but my grey squirrels are clearly too big for this trap . I could n't catch even one and I followed all the tips on this page . I 'm looking to order a larger trap .
 The Havahart trap never worked !!! I tried the paste that could be purchased ... . both un-shelled pecans ... . shelled pecans . The squirrels still run around and taunt my dogs ! A waste of my money!Lisa
 Tried it for three weeks with no luck other then trapping a couple birds which I was able to release them unharmed .
 first i had a hard time where the trap didnt trigger and bait was gone . so then i attached a stick to the plate and at the end of the stick a small bowl filled with bait . well that worked great by creating leverage . i heard the noise in the attic , ran up , squirrel looked at me , rammed the door twice dilodging the locking bar and took off . worth it ? i will let you be the judge . not sure if i have super intelligent squirrels in my area . These suckers have to be super smart of the luckiest things on the planet . this was the 2nd brand trap i tried and both have failed . the first the squirrel simply squeezed around the sides of the door . i think i now have to take lethal action . sorry little dudes . i tried my best for a full month and i need sleep .
 I have caught nearly 80 gray squirrels with this trap , so it is not too small -- as a couple reviewers have stated . But it does have its quirks
 This trap worked at first -- I caught two ground squirrels and relocated them far , far away . Then the trap ceased to work ; I do n't know why . Squirrels dashed into the trap , grabbed the bait and happily ran away with their treats.They spread the good news , they invited their friends and families to my yard ; my so-called trap turned into a squirrel feeding station ! I tried securing the bait to the bait tray so they could n't grab the bait so easily but the trap doors never sprang shut . I think the trigger mechanism must have been defective . What a frustrating waste of time ! My squirrels are bolder and more brazen than ever and my petunias have no blossoms . I took the trap back to the store and got my money back .
 I have had this trap for one year now & I am not happy with it . Either this trap is lame or I have the smartest flying squirrels in Branscomb California.I bait this trap in every way possible & all I do is feed the squirrels . The trip plate just is n't sensitive enough . After one year all I have caughtis a rat . The flying squirrels just come in & eat away & never get caught . I have tried many modifications including blocking off one of the doors stillno help . I 'm going to try the single door model to see if it can do any better . Either this is a lame trap or my squirrels are smart ! Go Figure !
 This trap is too small for squirrels . It may work for ground squirrels and chipmunks , but a `` tree '' or `` city '' squirrel is too big for the trap . We needed to send it back for a larger variety ,
 the trip mechanism is difficult to set so that slight vibrations -LRB- e.g. wind or the animal just starting to enter -RRB- do n't set it off .
 Length :
 Amazon should edit the description - while it works fine for some squirrels like red and ground , I 've seen gray squirrels spring the trap and get out because they were not all the way inside . Buy the next size up for gray squirrels and fox squirrels .
 The average gray squirrel in my neighborhood is just too big . It says on the box it 's for small red squirrels , chipmunks or mice . They should really indicate that as well on Amazon in the description . Based on the directions I set it to the `` one door '' option for larger squirrels , but they still spring the trap without getting all the way in
 I was advertised to catch Squirrels . It did not work . You did not put the dimensions of the cage . This is false advertising
 I borrow my neighbors trap -LRB- havahart -RRB- and it is larger and has helped me catch 5 chipmunks . This one does n't work well and the one it trapped got away . Bigger is better .
 One of the doors &#34; sticks &#34; , enabling critters to not set-off the trap . I need to do some &#34; finishing work &#34; to ensure that BOTH doors close properly when the bait holder is moved/disturbed .
 I see rats in my hen house and rats on the fence in my black berries and rat parts the cats leave behind but in a month ZERO rats have checked the peanut butter and become trapped .
 The product states for rabbits . It is not big enough to catch a rabbit . It says on the box small squirrels `` ideal for catching red and flying squirrels , weasels , chipmunks , rats and similar sized nuisance animals '' . We are in the process of returning it because it is not big enough to catch rabbits .
 I purchased for chipmunks . They are able to escape before the doors are latched . I have used a borrowed longer model by same manufacturer which was very successful . I either need a longer model or slower chipmunks .
 We bought this model in order to catch a rat who had entered our home . We bought this one rather than the 1020 on the advice of another Amazon customer - see comment titled `` Falsely advertised as a Rat Trap '' at http://www.amazon.com/Havahart-1020-Two-Door-3-Inch-Cage/dp/B0000DINGG/ref=pd_rhf_p_t_1 - we knew that ours was a fairly large sized rat . We tried it for over a week but with no success at all . Either the rat just ate the bait or the doors got shut without any rat inside . It is possible that we may have been doing something wrong but a good product should be idiot-proof IMHO.To the product designers I have the following suggestions : - keeping the bait plate horizontal is not very easy - one can never know for sure if the trap is too tight -LRB- in which case it will not shut easily -RRB- or too loose -LRB- in which case the trap closes even if it is mildly disturbed
 This trap is way too small for the squirrels around me , it is more like a chipmunk or rat sized trap . I highly recommend you sketch out the measurements before buying so you can see how small it is . 5 inches by 7 inches is a very small width/height . After I got mine I went to Harbor Freight and got a larger trap for about the same price , and so far I have caught two squirrels in two days in the larger trap while this Havahart model sits nearby untouched.If you are transporting your squirrels I recommend you put the whole trap in a disposable plastic bag as they will likely pee when in the car .
 -LRB- I got the larger trap for Rabbits see my other review . I was worried the trap was to big for teeny baby bunny and would n't spring well it did 2 hours after I set it I caught him and relocated . Great ! -RRB- THIS trap is Awful ! The sunflower seed always empty and trap not sprung ! I am now just feeding the chipmunks ! This is going back as it does not work !
 I am very disappointed in this squirrel cage it is not consistent . You will catch one squirrel and then for 10-12 other times the squirrel gets the food and the cage does not close properly . or find it closed and the food still there . Havahart 1025 Two-Door 18 x 5 x 5-Inch Cage Trap for Squirrels
 it does n't fit , now why does that not surprise me that they would not check to see if it fits an ig6000 ! when that 's what pops up to purchase a cover for a kipor ig6000 ?
 This truly is a piece of junk . I had bought a large peanut bird feeder from Wildbirds Unlimited -LRB- which I love -RRB- , and I wanted a smaller one for my other birdfeeder pole for the smaller birds . This item is basically made out of screen , including the bottom . The holes are too small for peanuts , unless you chop them up . Save your money and wait until you can afford a better quality peanut bird feeder .
 i have placed an order for this item twice and never received it . it appears on pending orders -LRB- when tracking packages -RRB- then completely disappears from the recently placed orders list . i need to see if i am being charged for this by amazon . but please do n't order it from amazon - find another source .
 The product does not fit my grill . I have a version that I bought 10 years ago and it has handles at the end opposite the fire pot . The grill cover does not work . Is there a way I can return the one you sent ? Do you have one that will cover my grill . I am sure Weber has the specifics about the product I own .
 After a year in the Florida sun , this cover shrank and is now unusable . I am very disappointed with the quality .
 Burn Out Weed & Grass Killer 24 Oz Ready to Use . -LRB- Certified Usda Organic.Was very disappointed in this product use three 24 oz botties ina 15x15 foot area two applications with no results .
 This machine does not work at all like it is said to work.The thing stops and does not move for up 10 minutes .
 No were in the description or on the box does it say NOT FOR INTEX POOLS !! I called Hayward customer support and there is no adaptor parts and to call Intex support . I called Intex support and they could barley speak English and said there were NO adapters for this product . I am sending back !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Last year I bought this vacuum and used it on a weely basis to clean my pool all summer long it did a very nice job of cleaning.after the summer ended my liner had a leak in it the pool is only 5 years old all the other summers used a manual vacumm which is a lot of work but never had a problem with the pool leaking I had to replace the liner a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- job needless to say I went back to manual vacuuming . Might be coincidence I am just paranoid to ever use it again I am selling it
 I 'm not very impressed with this product - I had such high hopes for it after reading the reviews , but the best thing I can say about it is that it 's cute . We 've had an Aquabug for 2 years , and here are my biggest issues with it :1 -RRB- It 's slow , literally snail slow - I got it with the intention of hooking it up the morning before we 'd have a party expecting it to do it 's job with minimal effort from us , but 6 hours later it 's party time , and it 's just puttering around the same area , with the other 2/3 's of the pool still dirty . Too SLOW ! Most times I used it I wish I 'd just hand vacuumed it myself and have been done in a 1/2 hour .2 -RRB- It goes over and over the same area , without even touching the rest of the pool area . Now this may be because of the current from the filter , I do n't think the little bug is strong enough to fight the current to reach all of the areas , but still , it was annoying to have to go in and hand vacuum all the areas this bug did n't get too . It did n't have a very wide birth and there was always at least 1/3 of our pool that still needed cleaning . You basically have to babysit the bug , nudge it along and guide it to make sure its gets all the areas it should .3 -RRB- It gets clogged constantly . God forbid it suck up something dainty like a leaf or clump of grass - then it chokes , loses suction , and you have to drain it , clear the tube and re-hook it up - such a process and very inconvenient ! 4 -RRB- It 's not very durable - the beginning of our second summer with it one of the flaps that helps it move broke , it was dead/immobile in the water . We bought a replacement leg , and same thing happened already this season . I will not be reordering more replacement parts , not only are they expensive , but just not worth it anymore in my opinion . I 'm so tired of monkeying around with this bug to have it still not do a decent job , it 's going in the trash.Bottom line - it 's slow , it does n't do a very good job -LRB- every time I used it I had to go around afterward with the hand vac to get the areas it missed -RRB- , and it breaks too easily . Quite the finicky little bug that I would not recommend , complete waste of money .
 I returned this product because it did not perform as advertised . Its movement on the pool floor was not in concentric circles and from time to time it would simply hover , suspended an inch or two above the pool floor , unable to remove anything . In order to have a clean pool , additional hand vacuuming is required . This might be ok for a very small pool , but seemed to `` get lost '' in my large one .
 Read all of the reviews and info , but missed the part that says it does n't work for Intex soft sided pools . I have a metal frame one and I 'm afraid to hook it up . I think I should just send it back . A shame tho . Got it in 1 day . That 's unheard of for amazon orders . Does anyone use this cleaner in an Intex metal frame pool . 15x48 . Help ...
 I ordered this for my new above ground pool -LRB- easy set pool with the inflatable ring on top -RRB- and the kids named her Aunt Wanda . I was so excited after reading the product reviews I did not hesitate in purchasing her and could n't wait to see her in action , and we are still waiting to see what she can do.Disappointments - the product description needs to be more detailed to include all additional items needed to use Wanda . It says `` just plug the hose into the swimming pool skimmer , and let this automatic pool cleaner go to work '' . So , I ordered a skimmer . Because the pump I had was a small pump that came with the pool , I also ordered a 1500 gph pump . Once I hooked up all of the new items , I put Wanda to the test and waited for her to suck and was extremely frustrated when nothing happened . After hours and hours of trying every day for 2 weeks to figure out why nothing was happening , I gave up , took her out the pool and re-read all of the instructions . It turns out a leaf canister was also needed , so there I was ordering another piece , and she still was n't working . Upset because Wanda and the items required to make Wanda work now exceeded the price I paid for the pool and she still was n't working we turned again to the instruction booklet and online information to see if we were missing something and according to the information we had everything required but still nothing was working . At my wits end , I decided to call the manufacturer to see if they could assist and learned that I needed at minimum a 2500 gph pump for her to work , so again I had to place another order . If the product description included a list of all additional items needed for Wanda to work , I would have been able to research the actual total expenses involved , I could have ordered all the parts at one time vs having to order piece by piece and if the pump requirements were ANYWHERE on the product listing or instruction manual , I could have avoided purchasing the 1500 gph pump and got the 2500 gph pump instead . Wanda actually ended up costing me about $ 500.00 and I still havent seen her go .
 We bought a new pool in 2008 and it came with a Hayware Aquabug . The first season , I was fairly impressed with it . It did a good of cleaning job -LRB- although slow , as others have mentioned -RRB- . It even climbed the walls about 1 foot and cleaned them too . From the start , I had minor problems with it getting stuck under the ladder and sometimes it would tip over for no apparent reason.Last summer , my aquabug was a hugh disappointment . After just one season 's use , the wings that cause it to move were just about worn out ; and the bug did n't move well at all . It constantly got stuck in the same place ; so I had to push it around with my foot in order to clean the whole pool bottom.I just opened my pool for the 2010 season and tried using my aquabug ; but it did n't move at all on its own , so into the trash it went . -LRB- At least the hose that came with it is still good ; so all is not lost ! -RRB- For the cost , I have to rate this product as junk since I realy only got 1 season 's use out of it . If the Aquabug sold for $ 30-50 , I give it a 4 star rating and just replace it ever year . Unfortunately , this product 's actual cost is just too high for the actual use I got out of it.As a sideline note , I just bought a new Kreepy Krauly Lil ' Shark automatic pool cleaner for $ 148 here on Amazon.Com . I 've only had it for 1 day ; so I do n't want to write up a review on it yet . I will say , that so far it is doing a great job and it moves considerably faster than my Auqabug did . It also has an attachment that lets me use it as a vac head attached to a pole . For me , that 's a real plus that the Auqabug did not have . After I 've had more time to evaluate my Lil ' Shark , I 'll post a full review on it too .
 We got this little Aquabug last summer towards the end of the season and used it only a few times before we experienced leaks in our new liner . It was a hard pill to swallow but we had to face the facts . When the bug stalled in certain places around the pool , it was not just cleaning the liner ; its hard plastic edges had dug into it causing small holes and massive water loss . Calls to Hayward customer service provided little assistance so we decided to soften up the bottom edges of the bug by sanding them lightly and it seemed to work because we had no further problems with leaks . Update to this summer , we placed the bug in the water , its forth cleaning cycle , and it no longer moves . As I say , it is cute but it does not work . Next .
 Well I purchased this in June . Worksed several times then just quit working . I troubleshooted , bought a new hose , new feet . I researched and researched before I bought this product and ended up buying it because most of the reviews were excellent . So I contacted Hayward Pools , Intex Pools and the company I purchased the pool from . I was surprisingly told that these types of pool cleaners do not work in Intex pools . You would need to spend an extra amount of money to upgrade your pump with hopes of even getting any results . the way these pools are designed makes the cleaner get stuck in the corners and sides , its the way they are angled . So I suggest you save your money .
 I gave this 2 stars based on the cute factor of being a whale . If it was n't for this fact , I would have given this zero stars -LRB- if there was that option -RRB- . This is the first item I ever returned anything to Amazon ! The description does n't say the following , which will come as a BIG surprise when you receive it :1 -RRB- You need a minimum of 1,500 gph pump ; does it say this on the website product description ? NO. 2 -RRB- I am not sure how to attach the end of the hose but apparently I am to remove the Intex skimmer basket and insert the hose attachment into the hole at the bottom -LRB- according to customer service at Hayward -RRB- ; BUT when I removed the basket the hole at the bottom of the skimmer unit is not an open hole , it has a grate design ; how the heck am I suppose to stick the cone accessory for the hose into it ????? ; does it say this on the website product description ? NO. 3 -RRB- Finally , this was a big surprise and disbelief
 I researched this vacuum online before buying to see if it would work with an Intex pool pump . I had even check the ghp & gpm and my pump was big enough . I had seen where other people had used this vacuum with an Intex pump , but I could not get it to connect to the pump . I called Hayward and Intex to see if they carried an adapter for the connection and they did not have one . I was not able to use this vacuum , because I could not get it to connect to my Intex pool pump . Amazon is wonderful in making refunds when returning products !!!!! I would like to say that the vacuum looked very well made and the whale was very cute . Also , when I called Hayward , they were great in answering my questions .
 This is the WORST pool `` cleaner '' ever ... Seriously . We have had ours all summer and it wo n't suck up ANYthing unless pushed around with your foot or physically guided . Right after we backwash the pool -LRB- new sand and all other pool equipment works just perfectly , mind you -- AND the suction and turning of the bug SEEMS to work just fine -RRB- , it turns a bit and then eventually stops . It 's a terrible item and will be going in the garbage . A shame for what I paid . The little filter thing on the bugs butt gets clogged with debris quickly AND it faded really fast from red to pink .
 Would not recommend this product-having problems with it and can not get any response back from company .
 I was really excited about purchasing this . Then the delivery got delayed a couple times so it took much longer than promised . I was not notified until after it should have arrived . And when I complained they offered my money back but could n't tell me when I would receive it . I waited it out . It worked really good for the first 6 hours . It was great at making its rounds around the above ground pool . About 6 hours later it stopped moving . We tried all the troubleshooting recommendations to no avail . We tried again the next day . It never did start working again but it ended up being a couple months after I bought it and we never got it returned so now we 're stuck with a $ 120 whale that does nothing . I do not recommend this item .
 I 'm so glad I waited to do my review ! He worked wonderful the first weekend I used him , but the 2nd week -LRB- about 6 days later -RRB- he wont walk an inch ! He wabbles side to side but doesnt ' do a dang thing other than sit in one place . I 've cleaned everything , checked everything I could find but no luck ! Unfortunately i threw the box away ! Big Mistake !!! Save your money he 's junk !
 In all fairness , I may have gotten a lemon , but seriously , two weeks ? That 's all it lasted . The unit uses two `` feet '' that move in a round , vibrating motion and one of them stopped moving so the unit would just sit there on the floor of the pool sucking in one location . Even before it broke the unit worked okay at best . If there was even a little tension on the hose , the unit would n't have enough traction on the pool bottom to move about and would get stuck . After it broke , out of desperation , I took the hoses that came with the unit and installed them on a output water vent for the pool and secured a heavy weight to the other end of the hose . This then acted like a large snake blowing the bottom of the pool and stirring up any algae . The Hayward filter I bought with Diver Dan worked beautifully to then filter out the water . Frankly , that worked so well I kept the hoses and threw away Diver Dan ! $ 100 for a 20 ' hose . It was a little pricey , but in the end ... it worked .
 Pool cleaner does not work . Return water to pool prevents cleaner from moving around the bottom of the pool.Save your money .
 Wanda the whale vac does not work unless you have a powerful pump!I would not waste my money on this thing .
 Purchaed this whale and in less than 30 days had to take it in for a repair at the Hayward representaive pool store . It was in the shop for 4 days . Got it back and it still did n't work properly ! . I drowned my money with this purchase . I do n't reccommend it .
 Just Not as good as I hoped . You will need a stronger pump than what is recommended by the manufacturers .
 After receiving this product in anticipation that it would save me a lot of cleaning time , and more time to enjoy the pool , this has been a complete disappointment . I own an Intex 1600 gal/hr sand pump and after reading some of the other reviews , this should have been sufficient . However , when I hooked up this device , it crawled very slowly -LRB- suction was good -RRB- and then I had to keep relocating it in the pool to move around . I had to do this several times over the past few days to only say `` IT IS NOT WORTH IT '' . I highly recommend you purchase a pool cleaner from a local pool store , so if it does n't work , you do n't have to send it back and keep paying for shipping until you find something that works .
 USED IT TWICE , YOU HAVE TO BABY SIT IT , IT KEEPS GOING ON IT SIDE , ABOUT EVERY 5 OR 10 MINUTES
 Tried it several times , you have to babysit it , it keeps going on it 's side every 5-10 mins . dont have time to watch it , it 's easier to manually clean the pool yourself . This is going back .
 I paid $ 109.95 for this item . It was broken when I opened the box ! When I followed the steps to return the item , I ended up with a big fat loss of about $ 40.00 . I was given a shipping label to return the item for which I had to pay the $ 30.00 shipping cost . I was expecting to have a new one sent to me , but then received an e-mail saying that my credit card had been credited $ 100.00 . Where the other $ 9.95 is I have no clue , apparently the company felt that it was ok to `` round down '' to an even $ 100 . So all in all , I am out $ 40.00 and my pool is still dirty . Not happy at all !!!
 This little cleaner hooks up to the intex above ground pool but it goes around in circles and coils the hose in 3-4 circles and then it just stopsfurthermore when the cleaner hits the edge of the pool where it has a radius it gets stuck or falls over and takes a while to get going , if the bottom of the pool is not VERY flat then it will just kinda bounce along the bottom also from time to time the traveler feet just stop working altogether , dont waste your time with this . i gave it a good chance to prove itself and ended up having to take it back .
 I loved the thought of Wanda the Whale and her cleaning powers but she was pretty powerless.She definately is cute but is guideless and does n't have much suction power . Perhaps I am expecting too much for the price but sadly it needs to go back and I need to spend more on a better one .
 Tried it with a 16 ' x 48 '' Intex metal frame pool . It did not work with the pump that came with the pool . Really wish it did , but not willing to spend more on another/upgraded pump . However , I do highly recommend the Intex saltwater system - great product that does work wonders .
 I purchased Wanda to try to save time cleaning my pool - 24 ' round . I installed Wanda -LRB- which was very easy -RRB- and put her in the pool . Most of the prior reviews said to leave her there for 2 to 3 hours . I left her in my pool for about 5 hours and the pool was still not clean . Would love to return , but my husband got rid of the original box and not sure if I can at this point . Still had to vacuum the pool myself which defeats the whole purpose . Wanda stayed on one side of the pool the whole time and did n't move that well and certainly did n't get the dirt from the bottom of the pool up in any significant fashion . WOULD DEFINITELY NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT !
 I bought diver dave with great expectations , after one month it does not pick up algae and it stops when it hits the wall . called Hayward per the company I bought it from and Hayward informed me its up to you to pay for any work that you have done , parts MAY be included but not labor . The algae in question , is easily stired if you walk on it , and other vacuums pick this up fine , as it is not stuck to the bottom . FINAL ANALOGY-If you dont have any problems this is a good product , if you do have problems they DO NOT stand behind their product .
 I 'm on my second Aquabug . First one came with the pool , but broke after 1 year . When it was working , it did okay - cleaned the pool pretty well in about 2-3 hours . I got another one without spending time looking for alternatives , and this one works just okay also . I leave it in all morning , and when I go out it looks good except for some spots it missed . I always have to use the hand-held vaccum to finish the job . I 'd like to find a product that would really do a great job , but do n't want to spend over $ 100 to try any others at this point .
 The hose that comes with the Aqua Bug is in sections . They do n't screw together they just nest inside each other . Which means they come apart at will . There is no easy way to get the thing out of the pool . If you pull the hose it pops out . If you pull by the bottom and put too much pressure on the black ring it pops off . There is what appears to be a handle on the top but it is not big enough to get a grip on a giant waterfilled bug.There are some spots on the pool floor that are n't perfectly level so the bug avoids them . I was desperate for a vacuum so I 'll keep it but I feel like I was ripped off .
 I followed the instructions to a T , and for some reason , I just could n't get her going very well . She would work , but if you did n't watch her , she would get stuck or just stop moving . Maybe I messed something up , but I would just prefer to use my hand sweeper .
 We purchased Wanda the Whale beginning of 2011 pool season . Right from the beginning it would not work even though we had a brand-new Hayward pool filter and pump -LRB- oversized -RRB- . Started customer service with Hayward , everything was assembled correctly but Wanda still would not work . They advised us to bring it to one of their warranty service centers . We called the service center and was told it would cost us $ 90 to look at it , which is almost what we paid for it . Wanda graced our recycling bin when we closed the pool this year . It is easier to vacuum the pool yourself and save $ 120 .
 Haywood does not tell you that the product will not work in an Intex pool and does not tell you what size pump is required to run Wanda . I purchased a 2 HP sand pump just to run Wanda and then find out that It is to much power for my 16 ft pool so now I have to get a 1 HP pump . Also , the connections have to be mickey moused to make Wanda work on an Intex pool . It can be done but after all this time and expense , I still have not been able to use Wanda . Yes , I am very disappointed with the lack of information with all pool products for not revealing what is required and what will work with what .
 I purchased this product based on the great reviews on Amazon . Unfortunatley , this product did n't work at all . I tried to vacuum my pool yesterday , and it would n't even stay completely on the floor of the pool . It seems as though one side was always slightly elevated . It did not pick up any of the dirt that was on the floor of the pool , however it did get a few leaves up . This is a piece of junk and is going right back to where it came from . Not sure why anyone would rave about this piece of junk .
 We have not been able to get the `` Bug '' to work . It tilts to one side and keeps tipping over so we took it out of the pool and it sits in my garage , I need to send the item back , but the box it came in was distroyed . What can I do ?????????
 I had a small pump that came with the pool and it would not work with it , I did return it and the company gave me back the money except the shipping . I had to pay for shipping both ways but I could not use with my pump , now I just clean it once a week with a manual pool sweep . The pool is above ground and not a big pool so most of the time I do n't mind . I was hoping it would work with my pump , I was glad they took it back , I just turned around and bought something else for the pool
 I am unable to put up a `` permanent '' pool or structure due to a ComEd easement that runs through the middle of my backyard . To have a pool , we were forced into an Intex pool . I dug out a few inches filled with sand that was tamped , rolled and leveled . I set up stretching the liner during filling to minimize wrinkles and have a level pool surface . There are no visible wrinkles , lumps or bumps in the pool . I upgraded to a sand filter that should have been adequate to run this product . I read reviews of the product , but had hoped my filter upgrade would be enough , it was n't . There is no way to hook the product to an Intex over the wall skimmer . I followed the instructions , I even purchased the optional leaf canister and hooked directly into the wall intake port hoping this would work . It did for about 2 minutes , then it stopped moving . I have added and subtracted hose lengths , cleared the filter and basket , nothing works.I should have paid more attention to the reviews . The box nor the description mentions not working with an Intex pool , I triple checked . Had the box or description mentioned Intex pools were incompatible , I would not have purchased . Reviews mentioned this , however the box did not.This would have been a plus for a working parents of two kids . It just did n't work out that way . Back to the hand vacuum . I do wish we could upgrade the pool , however that is not an option unless ComEd moves their lines -LRB- fat chance -RRB- . Though it is a lower end pool , the kids love it so I guess the time spent hand vacuuming is worth it .
 An update - unit has completely failed after 6 months . Internal gears are so soft they disintegrated completely . Everything about our pump is within specs , so when Hayward says their customers are running too high or too low pressure/flow , they are making excuses .
 I expect to great performance from the reviews , but it is just not working.My pool has a slope , this toy ca n't climb just under 15 degree.I put it to pool , it works fine just a while , it goes and goes to deep area , and it never ca n't escape from the deep ground pool area.I think it is just available flat ground pool , seller should notify it to customers .
 I was excited and waited patiently for this item . Only to find out it does not work in what I consider an above ground pool . I was trying to figure out how to hook the hoses up and finally gave up and called the manufacturer only to find out that this item only works in above ground pools that are permanent , whatever that means . I only know it does not work in above ground pools such as Intex . I reread the description and still can not see where it says this . The gentleman I spoke to claimed it stated this in the description . So I am shipping it back.I suppose it works great if you have the correct pool .
 This product did n't work well in our above ground pool , actually did n't work at all .
 Package arrived at my door like I just bought it out of the store and left it on the porch . No boxing or packaging . It was supposed to be a Christmas gift -LRB- hence ordering a pool cleaner in December -RRB- but since there was no type of boxing , the recipient now has an early gift . Thanks amazon !!
 I have owned a 24ft . above ground swimming pool for 20 years . We previously owned an automatic pool cleaner called the Great White , it worked fantastic . It finally wore out . We have a Hayward pool filter which is great , so we decided to buy one of their bottom cleaners . We did exactly what the directions said and it went around the pool and then it would go up on its side and eventually tip over . My husband did everything he was instructed to do for troubleshooting . It never worked . I wrote to Amazon and they told the person we purchased it from -LRB- GarfieldPool Equiptment Inc. -RRB- who in turn asked us to call them about the problem . My husband called them and explained it to them . They told us if we sent it back they would test it in their pool and if it worked for them we would have to pay 35 % of the purchase price . We thought that was a little odd . This thing is n't rocket science , it is a bottom cleaner and we have had them before . We agreed that we wanted to return it and that we would pay the 35 % if it worked . They said they would send us a shipping label so we could return it and they could see if it truely did n't work . Well we have not received a shipping label or anything elsefrom this place . We are not happy , this was a pricey item and we are left with a piece of junk . So if you are planning on buying one , try a different brand or at least do not buy it from this place .
 `` lucky '' for us this cleaner came as a throw in to my pool package , now we know why . I agree it does not fully clean the pool as it tends to bind in certain areas of the pool and you must work to ensure the hoses are maneuvered around every so often . The water return does wreak havoc on hose placement as well . it does clean when you direct it to a certain area , but that is not the idea of an automatic pool cleaner . I 'd be interested in reading the updates after the summer is over from all the 5 star reviews . Perhaps it is for a small round pool only .
 well what can i say about good old diver dave . i just had an above ground pool profesionally aistalled this spring , ordered th diver dave and he worked good for about a month and then all of a sudden he stays in one area of the pool his hoses kink up andnow all of a sudden he wants to lay down on the job , yes thats right he tries to get up sideways now . i wouldnt trust this item ti clean a kiddy pool much less an above ground 24ft . round pool.well i gues its bck to cleaning my pool manually at least i know it will be done right this way . bad buy i wouldnt recomend this thing to anyone .
 now do n't get me wrong I know it 's unrealistic to expect that there would be no smoke in the house but I did expect it to be a livable amount.That 's not what i got . As soon as i opened the box i knew it would leak . I tried `` tweaking '' the lid as they instructed but it did n't help . Within minutes of putting it to heat the house was filling with smoke . I ended up transferring the whole thing to the BBQ and the food turned out great but the whole point and the key selling feature of the product was to have an `` in house '' smoker.I can BBQ anytime and I did n't need a $ 50 pan to put on top of the grill.I believe in getting value for the money and at $ 50 it 's just not worth it unless they can deliver on the promise `` The lid slides on for a tight seal , so food gets smoked , but your kitchen does n't . `` I 'm completely disappointed I wasted my Amazon gift certificate on this product
 I was excited about this smoker . But then I put it on the stove and it warped to the point that only one tiny spot was still in touch with the cooktop . Everything else had risen above the cooktop . I tried different temperatures , but it stayed warped until it was cold again . I finally got the salmon smoked , but it had hardly any taste . So that 's why the low score . If I had n't tossed the packaging , I would have returned it.Very disappointed .
 I used the smoker with good results the first time , unfortunately the second time it caused a huge crack in the glass cooktop . The estimate cost to replace the top will be over $ 300 . My recommendation is NOT to use the stove top smoker on any glass cooktops . I will use my smoker from now on outside on the gas gril .
 I 've owned a Cameron stove top smoker for a long time , used it occasionally , and never have thought it is worth the trouble and mess . It is virtually impossible to make smoke-free , so unless you have a really good stove hood , do n't even think about it . It would be a good device to take on an outing where you 're going to cook outdoors , however , either over a camp grill or with a portable stove , and the smokiness of the environment is not a concern . It is really hard to clean once you use it and the wood powders available to use with the smoker are pretty expensive . I smoked fresh caught fish of all types for many years using a standard electric smoker , so I am not a newbie at this , but if you are going to use it indoors , do n't bother unless you like a smoky kitchen and a really messy kitchen contraption to deal with afterwards .
 Purchased this and waas excited to try it . I cooked a salmon filet in it using the hickory chips . The salmon was excellent and everyone loved it . The bad news is that my house filled with smoke . This is not an indoor smoker !! Too much smoke escapes when you cook with it . I will be using it outdoors on my grill . While the food it cooks is pretty good , I only rated it 2 stars because it is not an indoor smoker . My house smells like smoke ... and not in a good way . I also tried adjusting it as per the instructions to make it seal better but it did n't help.I would have rather applied the money towards a decent outdoor smoker had I known this was not suitable for indoor smoking .
 I bought this because I vaguely remembered Emeril using something similar on his TV show . I forgot that his `` set '' had a big industrial exhaust fan over the stove that blew fumes out into the city . I have a `` builder 's standard '' oven hood , like 99 % of Americans that blasts the exhaust right back into the room . Using this smoker on a stovetop inside your house is not unlike lighting a campfire on your living room carpet and then puttng it out with wet hickory-soaked blankets . You probably do n't have enough windows to open to clear the stink in a reasonable amount of time . After 3 days , I 'm considering pulling down the drapes and dragging the furniture to the curb . I 've already taken all our reeking clothes to the incinerator.I suggest you buy this along with a hotplate and restrict it to backyard usage only . Enjoy .
 I am deeply disapointed from the smoer , the liquids from the meat are causing the food to be steamed insead of BBQ kind of smokey . The taste is good , so I will try to improve my cooking techniques for better results .
 The smoker came out of the box warped , and when heated for the one and only time to smoke a very thin fish filet went `` sproing '' and not only did the cover warp some more , but the lip on the pan that holds the cover shut tight warped upward at both sides , leaving a 1/2 gap on either side between the pan and the cover . My kitchen smelled of alder smoke , the fish took over 20 minutes to cook through , and I returned this immediately after I cleaned it . I then ordered Emeril 's smoker , which is cast iron , and am waiting hopefully for that to arrive .
 I bought this stovetop smoker because my daughter loves smoked salmon and I thought it would be easier and less expensive to make in my stove instead of buying at the store . The product itself worked exactly as it was supposed to , but the meat , -LRB- chicken and fish -RRB- tasted like someone had put their cigarette out in our food . You will not be able to achieve the same results of an actual smoker using this product .
 I have used this twice already for burgers and each time the burgers are steamed rather than grilled . I do n't like steamed burgers . I also taste very little smoke flavor even though it makes my house smell strongly of hickory smoke , which I do n't mind because I like the way hickory smells . I just wish I could get that strong hickory flavor imparted on the food . This will only be good for veggies , it 's not suitable for meats , I will have to drag my mini charcoal Weber grill out for meats like I 've been doing all along.I do n't recommend .
 I was given this for my birthday and have used it once . I tried using it on the stove but the entire kitchen smelled of smoke for a day afterwards . I expected some odor afterwards but not as much as I got . Maybe I did n't use it correctly but am now afraid to try it again . I have a large drum smoker and a gas grill , I 'll probably just stick to them for now .
 I was very excited to receive my smoker . Imagine my disappointment when I discovered I could n't fit the meat into the pan ! I cut a small portion from my brisket and put it in , but the juice from it swamped the chips and I finally gave up after cleaning out the pan and putting fresh chips in three times . This is probably good for two small chicken breasts or a small fish fillet , but do n't expect to do anything more with it , and do n't use the fattier , juicier cuts that would normally be put in a smoker or your chips will be totally soaked .
 I currently live in an apartment in New York , so the concept of rolling out the ol' Weber and grilling some choice baby backs is pretty far fetched . I had hoped this smoker would give me bit of that summer barbeque feeling in the city . The Cameron stovetop smoker does live up to its promise of adding a smoky flavor to your food , but with a few significant caveats : - It does leak smoke . Not a billowing black cloud , but enough -LRB- for a small apartment -RRB- to be concerned about . I tried `` the tweak '' as recommend in the manual , but that did n't really solve the problem . Open all your windows , or look forward to a visit from your friendly neighborhood firefighters . - You better like barbeque -LRB- or at least the smell of it -RRB- a lot , because it will be hanging in the air for DAYS -LRB- again for those with small apartments -RRB- . Based on my experience , at least 2 , maybe 3 . - Those wood chips -LRB- really more like pencil shavings -RRB- that come with the cooker go quick and the refills -LRB- from Cameron of course -RRB- are pretty pricey.While this smoker may work for some , for me the juice is n't worth the squeeze . This thing is going to the graveyard of kitchen gadgets . Where did I leave that rib place takeout menu ???
 I was very impressed with my smoker for the first 6 months that I had it . Minimal fuss and easy cleanup . While the smoking was n't as good as an outdoor smoker , it seemed to do the trick.However , after 6 months I put some water in it after it had cooled down , and found I had about a dozen cracks in the bottom of the pan causing the water to leak out . I followed the directions to the letter , yet this stainless steel pan which the manufaturer claims will `` last for years '' was done after 6 months . $ 60 flushed down the drain . I would n't recomend this to anybody . Unfortunately I gave one as a gift also . Waiting to hear how long that one lasted .
 After a few test runs I 've pretty much stopped using this product . It just does n't impart enough `` woody '' or smoking flavors to count as a barbeque or cooking option .
 I read all of the great reviews and looked forward to receiving the `` smoker '' . But it was quite a let down . Nothing but a way to bake food and hope it picks up a little of the smoke taste put off by the sawdust they call wood . I sent in back and would not recommend at all .
 This sounds like a good idea , and indeed , it does smoke foods pleasantly with no trouble . I have now used it three times and probably will not use it again . The smoke odor is pervasive and over time is very unpleasant . It lasts for a day or two , with a faint odor for a third day . I was running two exhaust fans tonight while using it , and had a window open to see if that would make the fans more functional . Not very helpful . So I ca n't recommend this stovetop mini-smoker .
 Just received my Cameron Smoker and used it for the first time . It was obvious that the lid was not a good fit . Smoke readily exited the corners filling the kitchen . I tried putting heavy pots on the ends to weight the corners down . No success . The intstructions made mention of `` tweaking '' the lid by bending it when `` half on '' the smoker . This still did n't help . To look at the lid `` on-edge '' gave the appearance of it being warped . The Cameron product line is listed as being in Colorado -LRB- ? -RRB- but the packaging has the smoker as being made in China . It just does n't appear to have `` tight '' production specifications . I am still looking for a stovetop smoker .
 I watched as the squirrel ventured cautiously into the jar . The tree to which the jar is affixed is next to the road , and right at that time a man on a golf cart drove by . The frightened squirrel frantically tried to exit the jar , but was facing the way it had entered , away from the opening . I watched it scramble around inside the jar , trying to `` escape '' , and thought I might even have to go out and rescue it ! The traumatized squirrel finally turned itself around and was able to get out , however , I have never seen a squirrel go completely into the jar since that time . They venture no further than the opening .
 Well , I ca n't review this product , because this is not the product I received . Apparently , Poulan discontinued it . So Ben Franklin took it upon themselves to send me a completely different product . Then charged my credit card with the original amount . I returned the incorrect product right away and almost a month later , have still not gotten a credit on my credit card . So I 've been paying interest on a product I did n't order , did n't want , and returned.I 've ordered many things online through Amazon , and never had a problem . But I will never do business with Ben Franklin again .
 First one lasted about 3 hours . I was very gentle with it based on reviews I had read here . Returned for exchange waited about 5 weeks for replacement . Replacement was treated even more gently than first , so it lasted a little longer . Second unit has now failed , same failure as first , a plastic coupling between the motor and flexible drive cable . Bad design . Great tool while it works , just do n't expect to use for anything other than trimming the rose bush from a distance . Wo n't cut real wood .
 Purchased form Amazon , lasted 20 minutes before it broke . I was told to take it to a brick and mortar store for warrantee work . They were unhappy that I brought it in . They have no parts for this tool and they cant give me a date for repair , it has been two weeks now . In fact , they told me that if purchased from them there is an over the counter exchange policy . This tool should be replaced rather than repaired when it is new . The repair could cost more than the original purchase price . If you buy this tool over the web , do n't expect any support from the either seller or the manufacturer .
 I was so disappointed when I took my Poulan Electric Pole Chain Saw out of the package . It had such high reviews that I had waited for it with great anticipation in hopes of finally being able to cut the high -LRB- 15 to 20 feet up -RRB- limbs off all the dead trees I have on my woodsy yard . But I was sorely disappointed . For some reason I had thought it would reach at least as high as my hand pole saw . But NO ... . it reaches one half the distance if not less than that . And ofcourse it is much heavier than my hand pole saw though not so that it is unwieldy . Once again , I am now back to having to cut all the limbs by brute hand and arm strength with my hand pole saw . It 's too bad I am getting so old that I find this more and more difficult with each passing year -- > hence my whole reason for buying this tool in the first place . As far as power goes , it groaned and whined and tried to stall out a few times as I was trying to cut a lower , larger dead branch -LRB- ~ 5 inches in diameter -RRB- since I could n't cut the upper , smaller ones for which I had originally bought the chain saw . It did cut sharply and cleanly without any difficulty when I only removed little limbs at around my five foot height on living trees . It has a nice little extension cord ` catch ' but I could n't use it since my cords are heavy duty flat ones that ca n't fit in the small slot allowed for the cord to wrap . One nice feature is that it comes with a second tool , a string trimmer , that attaches to the lower motor section . Of course I have no use for it but it was a nice surprise none the less . All in all it is a nice little saw but more information should have been given with it 's description so that I could have made a more informed decision about buying a basically useless tool .
 I would rate this tool , if I had it . Amazon listed it as `` in stock '' when I ordered it . However , the ship date on my account record shows approximate ship date in 6 weeks . Amazon will not allow me to cancel item because they say it is in `` the shipping process '' . Poor Service
 Same kind of plastic shaft coupling failure that others have experienced . Same run-around from local Poulan repair shop . Same frustrating experience from Poulan trying to get warranty replacement -LRB- they finally did replace the unit -RRB- . The product is good -- while it works . But anything more than what you can cut with a manual pole pruner -LRB- ~ 1 '' -RRB- seems to overload the shaft coupling . I 'm afraid to use the tiller attachment becasue it seems like it would be a much heavier load on the coupling . This must have been designed by the Poulan CEO 's idiot son and no one has guts enough to fix it .
 I just received mine via UPS . I have n't had a chance to use it yet , but I thought I should warn potential buyers about the way the thing is packaged . When I opened it up , the cardboard section that was supposed to hold the motor case in place had ripped and shifted so the motor was flopping around in the box , -LRB- which was a little beat up , the box that is ; UPS is n't very gentle with packages sometimes -RRB- . I took the thing out and put the saw attachment on it to test it out , attached a drop cord to it and pressed the switch to turn it on ; NOTHING ! I was not happy ! I could see myself packing the bloody thing up and going through the hassle of shipping it back , so I decided to have a look inside it and see if it was something simple that was wrong . After some checking with a meter I could see power getting to the motor . I looked at the brushes and one of them had jumped past the end of the spring that puts pressure on the brush to hold it against the armature . I put it back in place and got the spring where it belonged , BEHIND the brush , put the case back together , and now it works . My theory is that the package had been dropped or whatever , and the impact , which did not break the motor case -LRB- it must be sturdy ! -RRB- but did knock the motor brush out of it 's place . I say all this to tell you that this tool is packaged to sit gently on a store shelf , IT IS NOT PACKAGED PROPERLY FOR SHIPPING . It needs to be over-packaged or at least needs some foam blocks in the box to hold that heavy motor in place . So buyer beware . If I could have bought this at a local store , I would have , as it is easier and cheaper for return situations . ACE hardware sells it on their website for the same price , but some reviews of their ` free shipping to store nearest you ' scared me off . I will add a review later after I have used it for awhile , and adjust the ` stars ' perhaps . The one star is for my initial experience , which was lousy . -- P.S. -- It does come with the string trimmer attachment as a bonus .
 I bought two of these tables several years ago and have been quite satisfied with them . The one I just received , however , arrived with shipping damage and is being returned . I would n't hesitate to buy another of these tables , but I would buy it from a bricks-and-mortar store . The way it 's packed it does n't really stand a chance against package shippers particularly at this time of year.Rating is based on total experience - product + shipping . The product itself is pretty good.Added 11/27/2012
 Way too expensive for what it is . You can get it for less than half the price elsewhere .
 My wife and I had a very difficult time setting this thing up , and then it was very iffy in the wind . For the price we would have been better off with an Easy-Up style canopy . This thing looks cool but lacks functionality . Very disappointed . I thought Columbia made good stuff , but I dont think they make their own tents . I 've not seen many good reviews on their stuff .
 Despite watering well in the fall , spraying with anti-dessicant AND wrapping three layers deep I lost nearly $ 700 in yews a white pine trees this past winter !!! Adding insult to my injury , the manufacturer refused to even discuss my situation or at least refund the money spent on this horrible product . Back to burlap , which worked fine on the same plants for 6 years ... wished there was a zero star rating !
 Does not protect plants from &#34; light freeze &#34; as indicated on package . Florida resident , low temp last night 32 degrees . Each of three plants covered with this product suffered freeze damage ranging from major to minor . Do n't be fooled as I was . This product is total , complete , absolute junk ! Manufacturer says customer can return product for refund within 30 days if dissatisfied . Of course , to be prepared for cold weather , one must buy prior to inclement weather . Unless you 're God , how do you know when first cold weather will occur . You will probably have purchased this product more than 30 days before its first use . To reiterate , this product is garbage . The manufacturer is misrepresenting the effectiveness of its product .
 Sooooooooooo disappointed !!! Went through the expense and the thorough covering of my 2 avocado plants , and one mango ... all has died , and it was a very light frost only for a couple of hours for 2 nights . I expected so much more !!!
 It would have been really handy if the vendor had listed the mowers that this blade does not fit , which includes my mower , a Toro with an atomic blade .
 I 'm in the middle of raking up all the thatch that was created using one of these blades . I am on day two of raking up this mess and looks like it will be possibly day three . Tried the lawn mower with bag , but it filled so fast it was too time consuiming emtying it al the time.Furthermore , the blade did n't reach deep enough into the thatch . So , after I rake up this mess , I get to do it all over again ! . The spikes create alot of fluff - but I would say a good third of it is the grass it ripped up - basically the lawn got a very short hair cut and maybe half the thatch came up.Do yourself a favor - hire someone to do it !
 This blade will not work on three lawn mowers , a Honda , Lawnboy and Toro . Double check or you will lose money on the return . It would have been nice to have that footnote added by the dealer , but what to they care .
 1st problem was attaching the springs - one was n't coiled to the proper length , so you could n't get it seated over the bolt enough to get the washer and nut on it . One spring fit perfectly , tried swapping sides , but one was just a dud - got it to fit by putting the bolt in and clamping the blade to the work bench , then used a hammer and punch to get the spring seated . Good thing I had the hammer and punch because the second issue was getting the center adapter seated - again , a poor fit . Maybe I got a dud , but I had a power rake on a previous mower , and did n't have these issues . Can guarantee I 'll be breaking out my old steel toed work boots when I fire this thing up !
 Do n't be in a hurry to get this item ! It took over 3 weeks so if you want it in time to use it before your garden takes off you better order it early!I ordered this for my fathers birthday a week in advance and everything was looking good when I was tracking the shipment . But the day before the birthday I saw that it was being returned to sender because of an incorrect address . I immediately called the post office to see if I could come get it -LRB- even though the address was correct -RRB- and they informed me that the address was fine - there just was not enough postage and they had sent it back about an hour ago . So I contacted the company and was told they were sending one out again that day ... 2 weeks later still no garden hoe ! UGH !!!! When I threatened to cancel my order if I did not receive it within the next few days they shipped 2 day delivery and it finally arrived . Just wonder if they ever sent the 2nd one - I never saw it!As for the hoe - it 's pretty good so far . Just do n't think I will order anything from this company again .
 I do n't understand how this hoe can be considered sharp - mine arrived dull and I have not been able to get a real edge on it . What I would give for a good hoe ! As far as I can tell they no longer exist . I am very disappointed .
 not very happy with the product , had to return itit was dammaged too , not likely to buy it again
 Bought my daughter a JanSport Right Pack for school . Used it as her school back pack for 3 months , and the straps eventually tore right out of the bag ! We loved the leather bottom and the `` look '' of the backpack , but kind of hard to like the bag when it ca n't hold up to 3 months of high school homework hauling . On the other hand , last year 's Land 's End back pack was 3 years old and we had to replace it only because it was so dirty and soiled . Back to Land 's End we go .
 I bought one of these pumps and it workded perfectly ... so much so that I recommended it to my friends and also bought 2 new pumps for my new pond . HOWEVER , there seems to be a manufacturing defect in the newer pumps because on both of my new pumps ... the hose connecting the pump to the filter does not fit tightly ... I connected one of the pumps in the morning and went to work and when I came home in the evening I noticed that the pump was very low ... I decided to clean the filters ... then I realised that the filter was no longer even connected to the pump ... so I reconnected it and turned back on the pump but it still did not work any better ... I then proceeded to take a better look and thats when I realised that because the hose had disconnected from the pump it was jus sucking water from the bottom of the pond and had sucked in one of my baby Kois and killed it.I am not discouraging anyone from buying this pump but if you do make sure you put on a hose clamp or something to prevent it from killing your baby fishes .
 What you see is not what you receive . The connecting hose is impossible to securely connect to the filter and pump . Customer service at the mfg. is voice mail only . Other items from this vendor have been fine . They need to drop this product . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS FILTER .
 Seems to pump as advertised . The tubing going from filter to spout is to short and not as flexible as it should be . Also the spout length is not adjustable in small amounts . Cutting off the end to make shorter is not an option . At least if they would have supplied a coupling , -LRB- standard coupling in CPC will not work -RRB- you could cut out a section . Also you have to find a way to weight the pump and spout down or it will not stay straight . Sorry but this is a poor design .
 I ordered this pond filter because of the pump cord length , which claims to be 18 ' . It is NOT 18 ' , it is only 8 ' . Now I must use an extension cord and it will cause an unprotected connection outdoors.Also , the pipe that connects from the filter box to the pump slides on so easily that it does not have a water tight fit and any bump will dislodge the connection . I can teflon tape the connection and it very well may seal better , but I do n't feel I should have to do these things for a brand new setup . Also , the filter box part is difficult to keep submerged . I tried one rock and needed a second to keep it down.The price is good and I am very familiar with the Mag-Drive pumps , which are excellent pumps .
 A very good friend of mine just had to put his police K9 partner down after she ate some of this plant . The vets tried valiently to save her for 3 days , but unfortunately this beautiful dog did not make it . PLEASE be careful before you purchase this plant - it is beautiful , but deadly .
 While this plant is beautiful , it also has a dark side . They are very poisonous for dogs and cats . I would recommend buying a dog/cat ultrasonic repeller from Amazon . Placement of the repeller will keep dogs and cats safe from being poisoned.Other than that , these are beautiful plants ! I would recommend these for those people not having pets or young children . They will do well inside homes with southern exposure windows .
 Please research before purchasing these Sago `` Palms '' . I did not know until reading the other review here and do have small children in the home . Even a scrape with the fronds can cause a reaction . There is not a part of this plant that is non-toxic . What is even more scary is that even with prompt and agressve medical treatment these can be fatal in about 3/4 of cases with pets . Children weigh about the same or even less so I would hate to think of what would happen should my kids become exposed ! And despite the name they are n't even palms , they are cycads.Mine has been in the home for less than a year and after reading further on the internet from reputable sources it is going straight into a bag then into the trash . It is one of the most toxic plants out there . Not worth chancing my child 's health -LRB- may cause permanent liver damage -RRB- over a plant !
 I got a Sunterra pond filter as part of a complete pond kit . At first , I was quite happy with the filtration provided , but quickly learned that there are other issues with this filter design that make it worthless .1 -RRB- The clamps are designed to fail . There is no other way to look at it . They are attached to the filter bucket , and snap over the lid . Around the circumference of the lid is a thin O-ring gasket . This gasket is nearly impossible to keep in place as you are putting the lid over the bucket . Further , even if you do get it in place and sealed correctly , it is not likely to stay there long . The major problem is that Sunterra used cheap , thin plastics throughout this filter . When I turn the pump on , I can actually see the entire filter bucket stretch , and it rises up out of the hole in the ground about an inch . This stretching of the plastic weakens it . The clamps also stretch , and after less that one season , lost their ability to securely hold the lid in place . The result is that any time power is cut to the pump , some of the clamps will release because they do n't have enough force to hold the lid down when the pump is not pushing against them . When the power is restored and the pump pressurizes the filter , it will leak profusely between the lid and bucket.We have left home for several hours only to return and discover that our power went out for whatever reason , and when it was restored the filter leaked , resulting in a near-total drain of our pond and destruction of our pump as it ran dry . Luckily the pump was high enough off the bottom of the pond that our fish still had some water , and so survived .2 -RRB- The restricted filter indicator does n't work , at all . I 've had the filter so clogged up that water was barely coming through the filter at all , and still the red clogged-filter indicator never popped up .3 -RRB- The reverse-flow cleaning system does n't work , at all . In order to clean the filter , you have to disassemble it and wash out the sponges with a garden hose . This is the only way to get them clean . You could run your entire pond 's water supply through the filter and it would do nothing to clean it . This is nothing more than a joke .4 -RRB- The sliding selector for run or clean is also prone to leaks . The design is simply poor , but might have had a chance of working if Sunterra had not used such thin and cheap plastics.In the end , there is no fix for this junk filter . I 've contacted Sunterra and they sent me replacement clamps . Those lasted no longer than the originals . Avoid this filter , it is not worth any money or your time and frustration . If this is any indication of the quality of Sunterra products , I would avoid the company altogether . I would have rated this item at zero stars if that were available . Maybe I can make a planter out of the filter bucket - that 's about all it would be good for.As an alternative , look here : Pressurized Bio UV Pond Filter - 2000 gallonThis is a quality filter that gets good reviews . You get what you pay for with Fish Mate , unlike Sunterra where you pay and get nothing .
 I recently bought a home with a backyard pond , which had an existing Sunterra Filter just like the one pictured . I removed the top to take the cleaning elements out for cleaning , and I could n't replace the top . It 's virtually impossible to press it far enough down on the casing body so that you can snap the retaining clips into place . So figuring it was old and needed replacing , I bought this one new from Amazon . When it was delivered yesterday I took it out of the box and for a trial run I removed the top and tried to replace it , while I was still in the kitchen and before hooking anything up . The new one was just as impossible to replace the top , even though I could turn it , press with my body weight all over the top , and do everything possible to try to get the top in place to fasten the retaining clips . I returned it today for a refund . Do n't buy this product , or else you 'll never be able to replace the cleaning sponges or bio-balls that are inside .
 Then leaked like a sieve . You 'd be better off & money ahead making your own . Five gallon bucket , gravel -LRB- `` bio-balls '' -RRB- , silicone sealant , fittings .
 Sunterra 300106 Pond Bio-Great filter and pump , have used for some time now . Problem
 Absolutely the worst products ever ! DO NOT BUY SUNTERRA products . There is no help available to solve the problems with their products . The Pump worked for 5 minutes , the bio filter leaks all over . This is brand new . The O ring does not fit and therefore you can not keep it from leaking , this will drain your pond before it cleans anything . The valve for adjusting on and off for the spray feature broke first time I turned it . Very poor design . Very FRUSTRATING .
 As many have said , dont waste your money on this ! The o-ring never stays on and the filter leaks , causing my pond to drain constantly . Ive tried so many times to fix this and have contacted the company with no results ! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 1 -RRB- I 've had the filter for a little over 3 months now . After 1 month a `` quick seal clip '' broke . I emailed sunterra 3 different times for a new one and NOT ONE response back from them . TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ! I managed to get a clamp at a local hardware store to act inplace of said broken clamp .2 -RRB- Design is flawed by cheap plastic . The pressure that is put on this filter is too much . It often leaks . I have to check it frequently to make sure all my pond water is not outside of the pond due to a leaky filter .3 -RRB- The red/green filter indicator DOES NOT WORK . Not once has thing turned red when I needed to clean the filter .4 -RRB- Filter needs cleaned way too often . Does n't `` biofilter '' much . I 'm left with a dirty pond if I do n't clean this filter out on a weekly/biweekly basis.I did give it 2 stars because it does filter out what it 's supposed to . However , I would stay away from anything sunterra puts out . There is way better products out there that will do a better job . You may have to pay extra for it , but it will last longer and do a better job .
 Not Very Satified ... Was n't Very Happy!This item is described to include -LRB- 1 -RRB- Filter Kit -LRB- 2 -RRB- 500GPH pump w/AquaBell Fountain . Shipment arrived as pump w/Aquabell ONLY.NO FILTER KIT ... NO Attachment hose ... NO Filter Elements.Now What ?!
 This item is a piece of junk . Ca n`t believe Amazon has it on its site . The top for the light wo n`t fit into top.Probably once the light get wet its history so its a waste . It floats ok but have to put a hole at top of container so it will completely fill with water.Make me mad but its more a pain in the ass to return it . Do n`t buy it !
 I could n't keep this thing upright whether it had one tablet in it or six . It was lop-sided even when it came out of the box . Do n't waste your money on this thing . There must be better products out there .
 Do not buy this thinking it will plug directly into your generator . It will not Amazon would not refund my money but would issue a gift certificate which I will use on another order .
 They Did Not Give Years It Would Fit !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I Sent It Back And Had To Pay Shipping It Was Not MyFault That It Was Listed Like That Shouldnt Have Had To Pay For Their Wrong Listing !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Have got to use my mower since I instaled , instaling was a pain . The holes were pre drilled in my deck for this item . But it took a lot of working to get the plates to line up . Once I got the hole lined up the plates would n't set flate against the bottom of the deck . It just seem to me to be of poor quitly metal .
 I got a Sunterra pond filter as part of a complete pond kit . At first , I was quite happy with the filtration provided , but quickly learned that there are other issues with this filter design that make it worthless .1 -RRB- The clamps are designed to fail . There is no other way to look at it . They are attached to the filter bucket , and snap over the lid . Around the circumference of the lid is a thin O-ring gasket . This gasket is nearly impossible to keep in place as you are putting the lid over the bucket . Further , even if you do get it in place and sealed correctly , it is not likely to stay there long . The major problem is that Sunterra used cheap , thin plastics throughout this filter . When I turn the pump on , I can actually see the entire filter bucket stretch , and it rises up out of the hole in the ground about an inch . This stretching of the plastic weakens it . The clamps also stretch , and after less that one season , lost their ability to securely hold the lid in place . The result is that any time power is cut to the pump , some of the clamps will release because they do n't have enough force to hold the lid down when the pump is not pushing against them . When the power is restored and the pump pressurizes the filter , it will leak profusely between the lid and bucket.We have left home for several hours only to return and discover that our power went out for whatever reason , and when it was restored the filter leaked , resulting in a near-total drain of our pond and destruction of our pump as it ran dry . Luckily the pump was high enough off the bottom of the pond that our fish still had some water , and so survived .2 -RRB- The restricted filter indicator does n't work , at all . I 've had the filter so clogged up that water was barely coming through the filter at all , and still the red clogged-filter indicator never popped up .3 -RRB- The reverse-flow cleaning system does n't work , at all . In order to clean the filter , you have to disassemble it and wash out the sponges with a garden hose . This is the only way to get them clean . You could run your entire pond 's water supply through the filter and it would do nothing to clean it . This is nothing more than a joke .4 -RRB- The sliding selector for run or clean is also prone to leaks . The design is simply poor , but might have had a chance of working if Sunterra had not used such thin and cheap plastics.In the end , there is no fix for this junk filter . I 've contacted Sunterra and they sent me replacement clamps . Those lasted no longer than the originals . Avoid this filter , it is not worth any money or your time and frustration . If this is any indication of the quality of Sunterra products , I would avoid the company altogether . I would have rated this item at zero stars if that were available . Maybe I can make a planter out of the filter bucket - that 's about all it would be good for.As an alternative , look here : Pressurized Bio UV Pond Filter - 2000 gallonThis is a quality filter that gets good reviews . You get what you pay for with Fish Mate -LRB- Animate -RRB- , unlike Sunterra where you pay and get nothing .
 I `` upgraded '' to this pump -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- from a smaller , non-uv pump from Sunterra . It was a huge mistake . The biofilter arrived , and after hooking it up , it broke immediately . Trust me , I knew what I was doing , but this thing just was n't designed to work properly I guess . Water went shooting up into the lid -LRB- where the see-through plastic label is -RRB- and started shooting out from the edges . -LRB- Not from the edges where you clamp -- which is also known to happen -- but from the edges of the lid above -- where there SHOULD N'T BE ANY WATER . -RRB- I took it apart -LRB- as if to change the lightbulb as directed -RRB- and of course two of the four cheap screws sheared off immediately from my use of the appropriate screwdriver . I noticed that water had flooded the glass tube around the uv lightbulb -- not good ! I drained it , hooked it all up again , and the same thing happened . After a third try , I removed the filter from my pump , cursed the day I bought it , and came here to read/write reviews.I will be letting the company know that I want a replacement , asap , overnight or better . -LRB- I only live three hours away from them . -RRB- Of course , after reading reviews I may just go with the Fish Mate that everyone is talking about .
 Once I installed the filter a film of oil or grease seeped into my pond -LRB- I presume sealant for the lid -RRB- . All of my koi died within 24 hours .
 I hooked the filter up and leaked from the get go . DO NOT waste your time with this piece of JUNK !!!
 the thermometer came with a reading of 100 degrees , that did not change even after putting it in the refrigerator in cold water . I asked for an exchange , the 2nd one was ALSO stuck on 100 degrees and did not read an accurate temp . would not buy that type again .
 When they packaged this hose , they put zip ties on it and crushed it . You can see this in their own photo . I 've had this hose laid out across my floor , hoping these crush spots will come out , for several weeks now . They are not coming out . I 've pumped hot water through the hose , nothing . The water flow from my pump is cut in half by the crush zones . If I hold the hose just so , and squeeze a couple of the crush spots to open them with my hand , the pump works reasonably well but not as well as it could . The material of the hose seems to be of a strong , somewhat flexible , and otherwise good quality but the people who package it do n't seem to have a clue . I suppose if you were putting 50psi house water through it Those crushed spots might expand but my 2500 gph pump ca n't do it .
 I bought these a year ago . They worked fine for my 6x9 foot pond . After about 6 months a bulb would burn out and I would replace it . But then others would burn out and I replace them and they wouldnt work . My husband looked at it and said water was inside the light and shorted them out . There were little burn marks inside . Now they dont work and for $ 40 + I might buy something else.The transformer needed to have a timer so you dont have to plug this one into a timer .
 Cute lights , easy to install . Only lasted two nights . Transformer is hot but no lights . They did not provide much lighting . Am trying to return .
 This product did not work when I received it . Do not buy this product . I have n't been able to find a way to contact the seller either ... Again , this product is a scam , buy it at your own risk .
 The lights work fine but if one changes the lens a few times the prongs holding them on snaps off and your stuck with bright white lights only.Would not recomendthis product .
 its work fine and provides bright light -LRB- 20 watts -RRB- , but i do n't have them on a timer , and the lights only last about 1 month . Do n't know how long they last with a timer , but keep it in mind .
 I purchased 3 sets of lights in March . All three sets are now officially dead . Trying to contact Amazon was a failure as well . I buy many products from Amazon , but this one is absolutely without merit . Be prepared to buy something else within 4 months .
 Sunterra 300309 Submersible Light Kit for Water Gardens , Three Lights with Transformer , BlackI ordered the pond lights to replace a set I have had for years . In the water for only three weeks and one does not work already
 First to go was the lamp , that cost approx . 5 bucks to replace ! Next to go was the transformer . product lasted about two months . Great while it lasted ... once burned never again !
 The water streams that shoot up from the lotus head are often uneven and vary too much in height and direction . If any small piece of debris gets inside the lotus head it will jam one of the holes and send the water flying off in any given direction or just block it completely.Overall I would say its been a disappointment . The Sunterra site recommends a 450 gph pump for this head . I think that 's a bit much as the water shoots about 4 feet up in the air . I bought the diverter valve to help lower the flow but then the streams all just fizzle out when you back down the pressure.They need to refine the holes to make nicer more even streams that will work at varying pressures .
 I purchased this pump/filter/fountain 30 days ago , the pump died yesterday.I called the manufacturer today and believe it or not , they want a $ 5.00 replacement fee , thier customer service sucks !!!
 Citronella oil is made from citronella grass and not this hybrid geranium which they now call citronella . This plant will not keep away mosquitoes . Before I did research I bought two of these from home depot for under $ 6.00 each and they do not work at keeping mosquitoes away at all . Check out more info on web by googling citronella plant .
 I just got the plant yesterday sat it on my porch table and waited at first I thought it was working but when I came home and sat on porch they were every where like they like the plant I think even more where out there back to drawing bored
 The plant is healty and very attractive . It looks like an expensive fern however the point was to chase away the mosquitos and I can see no difference at all . To me it is false advertising .
 this product is really cheaply made . Very thin metal , not put together well at all . Would not have purchased it if I had seen it beforehand .
 The 24 ` ALU Snow Push Shovel we purchased on Nov 4th 2010 and we had to use inJanuary 2011 did not even last through one show storm!The brace that holds the back of the shovel in place separated and bent , the screw that holds the bottom of the shovel to the handle came out and the part of the shovel that is used for shoveling the snow is now missing 2 or 3 inches of length.Basically , the shovel fell apart after 1 snowstorm !
 The `` wear '' strip has worn out in one season 's use . I would not recommend this shovel . It is not worth the price .
 After reading the reviews on this generator , I decided to give it a try . After removing it from the box and familiarizing myself with the owner 's manual , I put oil and gas in it and it started on the 4th pull . Included was a small oil cup with a spout to fill the crankcase . What a marvelous item to include . Made filling with oil very easy . The question now is how long it will last . I will be using it 4-5 hours a day for the next couple of months and I 'll report back if/when any problems arise . It is much quieter and lighter in weight than any I 've used before . The four stars are tentative until I determine how well it performs.DO NOT BUY - HAD TO DRIVE 100 MILES TO A YAMAHA DEALER TO GET A GOOD GENERATOR . YOU 'LL BE MONEY AHEAD IT YOU START OUT WITH A YAMAHA OR A HONDA AND FORGET THE CHEAPO 'S . The first nite in camp I started it up . Started immediately . It ran for about 45 seconds to a minute and quit . Many , many attempts to start it failed . Thought it might be the low oil indicator . Checked the oil and it was right at the mark where it should be . Might have thought it was some bad gas but it was non-ethanol premium so that was not the issue . Checked the spark plug - NO SPARK . Changed the spark plug . Still NO SPARK . I called Amazon and explained the problem . Amazon was GREAT and immediately credited my account for the full price including the shipping charges . THANK YOU AMAZON . I WILL CONTINUE TO SHOP WITH YOU AS LONG AS YOU TREAT YOUR CUSTOMERS RIGHT !
 We purchased an earlier version of this item and it started right up and worked fine out of the box . Then some time passed -- by the time it was two years old the rubber components were crumbling and cracking . I put gas in and it leaked back out . The gas lines had cracked and needed replacing . After replacing all the lines and putting in a new spark plug it started right up . However after a couple tanks of gas the plug would need replacing again . In the future I 'll avoid this brand as well as other similar cheaply made products .
 The first one came with a broken Run/Start switch . Factory sent part to replace.After + / - 40-hr of running time , wiring burn . Brought it to local authorized repair store and waited for 6 weeks to have a new replacement.After + / - 20-hr of running time , no spark to start . Fixed that , now it runs but no voltage.Brought it back to the same authorized repair store , Owner refused to fix due to the last payment dispute with Kipor factory.Emailed to Kipor authorized distributor , their reply was to bring back to the same authorized repair store . Sent reply to explain the situation , Kipor authorized distributor ignored my numerous following emails.My emails sent directly to the Kipor Mfr via their email address were ignored.WILL NOT BUY OR RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANY ONE .
 Bought for running a CPAP machine -LRB- 50 watts max -RRB- and laptop computer while staying in a remote area . Ran fine for about 12 hours total on three different occasions . Stopped running . Took into shop , $ 100 later had carburetor cleaned , new plug and oil , and was told a control board shows sign of wear , the unit may fail at any time . $ 452 for a new control board , if needed . It ran for another 3 hours . Has quit again New oil is dirty , afraid to look farther.Even when running , it 's very noisy , the sound being unacceptable even 100 yards away , it 's hard on fuel . And it fails . One gets these generators for power when all else fails . Could have had a Yamaha , less grief and power for what I 've put into this .
 Mine mysteriously shuts off on me . . runs for about 15 mins , then just stops and wo n't restart unless it sits . . fiddled with the oil , the air-cleaner , cleaned the fuel-filter , gapped the spark plug . . it runs smoother for 15 mins now , but still shuts off ! Had to buy another one , ca n't figure it out . . Also , it 's not as quiet as the Honda of the same size . . it is significantly louder for the first hour or so . . Had it for one year and one months , used once per week , a total of probably 300 to 400 hours . . if you get lucky and get one without this mystery-problem , I would say it 's an okay unit .
 The 1000 Watt Sinemaster will blow the $ 200 circuit board if you approach 800 Watts ... not even the 1000 Watt . There is no fuse/breaker ... just a 5 second warning with a flashing light only ... if you are watching it :--RRB- Exciting products will not answer warranty claims . There is a very poor dealer network.You will be stuck witha $ 500 pile of junk . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I received this sprinkler and it does not oscilate at all . I called Nelson direct and they do not think it is really one of their products because all their sprinklers have a flow control or a timer and this one does not have either . They have asked me to send it directly to them and they will send me a replacement and run the investigation . Buyer beware !
 bought 5 , 2 in the delivery were already cracked and broken.the other 3 failed within 6 mos.the thermometer is so thin and fragile with the tiniest amount of mercury in it that any flexing and it cracks , and you get some nice mercury spilling out .
 The kids love this thing -- it 's a GREAT concept but needs to be improved by gemmy . It 's too big for 3 fans and does not appear like it 's in the pictures -- very lopsided and hard to get straight . It is not very well made -- had mine all of a week and there was a hole in it !!!! My husband sutured it back together but for the price-it should be more durable . I have tons of other gemmy products and they are great but this one needs some serious tweaking -- please GEMMY -- make it new and improved for next year !!!!!!!!!!
 I swore never again I would buy a Gemmy Product after all the trouble with a Ferris Wheel that was less then a month old , and had to be taken apart be someone and rewired because it came poorly wired from Gemmy.I found the 12 foot Haunted House at a yard sale for 3 dollars , and at least I have a year to mess with it.When I tryed a test run on it , I found that 3 blowers were not enough , but for3 dollars I will get it to run nicely and to stand up by itself , that is all Gemmy products are worth to me is 3 dollars , and the customer help is none , they are as stupid as the day is long , but like I said 3 dollars no big loss if it does not work , it can be pitched !
 We have many Gemmy Inflatables and this one is poorly made . They need more than 3 blowers and to be honest we do n't have anything in our front hard to really hold this up properly . We are returning this and I hope that they recreate this awesome design but we are returning this item .
 badly needed assistance about this item & I can not reach the makers ... my emails come back to me ... great customer service - not !
 These lights do n't hold a charge . I called the manufacturer and they said that these are `` summer/spring '' lights that require 12 hours of direct sunlight to work . The ad on Amazon did not say that . I even charged the batteries using a wall charger and they still barely held a charge -LRB- 1 - 2 hours -RRB- . They are also very dim lights . Do n't waste your money .
 Would not buy this product . Even on sunny days the lights will only last a few hours in the evening and are not very bright.I bought Portfolio brand lights which are much better .
 Very disappointed with this item . Only two of the eight lights work and they only stay on for about an hour . There 's plenty of sunshine here in New Mexico to charge them up but they still do n't work and are just plain worthless .
 I WISH I COULD RATE THIS PRODUCT WITH LESS THAN ONE STAR . TWO OF THE LIGHTS WILL NOT HOLD A CHARGE . I CONTACTACTED THE COMPANY TO REPLACE THE TOPS , AND BECAUSE I COULD NOT GIVE THEM THE EXACT ITEM NUMBER OFF THE BOX -LRB- SILLY ME I EXPECTED THE LIGHTS TO LAST SEVERAL YEARS NOT WEEKS -RRB- THEY COULD NOT HELP ME EVEN THOUGH I GAVE THEM THE ITEM # OFF THE EXACT LIGHT ONLY IN A STAINLESS STEEL FINISH INSTEAD OF THE COPPER TOP . THEY CA N'T SEARCH AN ITEM ON STYLE NAME . HARD TO BELIEVE .
 3 of the lights do n't hold a charge . The rest that do are dim . Do n't waste your money .
 I had put a lot of hope on this product and was let down.I followed the directions on the bottle and applied the product on a Saturday . That following Monday I discovered a rattlesnake in the yard .
 Totally does not work , I had sprayed the area twice and a snake came into the area and killed a little Wren and crushed the fledglings . I diluted it less than recommended .
 This pool does not stay inflated . Could n't use it , because within hours of filling it with water , the air would be gone from it . There was no obvious holes upon inspection . Ca n't figure it out .
 I did n't believe the other reviews which said it deflates but it is true . I could n't even try it out because it started deflating instantly .
 This pool had good -LRB- but few -RRB- reviews so I went ahead and took a chance on this . The pool has 2 outer layers to inflate . After inflating the first evening -LRB- I laid it on a tarp just to make sure we did n't get any punctures -RRB- and adding water , by the next morning the bottom layer was almost completely deflated . The top layer was also losing air . I drained the water and tried airing it up again - same results . Next I sprayed soapy water in attempt to find a hole . No success . Then took it over to my in-laws large pool and dunked it to see if we could find air bubbles . No.So `` Why not just return this defective product to Amazon ? '' you might wonder . Well , this pool was $ 40 . To ship it back , I 'd have to pay $ 19 in shipping -LRB- which is not reimbursed b/c it 's Amazon 's fault - the package was not damaged during shipping -RRB- . Then - even if I returned it - Amazon wo n't exchange it and will only refund me UP TO 50 % . You can do the the math from there.IF - and that 's a big IF - this pool was n't a defective item , it would be a great pool . The inflated seats and back rests -LRB- which stayed very inflated of course -RRB- on each corner are pretty comfortable and it would work out great for my wife or I to sit out with the kids . But it IS a defective item and all I can say is that I wo n't be buying an inflatable pool on Amazon again . I 'll pay a bit extra at my local store so I have the option of returning it if it 's defective.Update
 This is a nice pool - my wife and I have used it with our daughter and we did n't feel cramped . The seats are n't as comfortable as the picture suggests.The reason I can only give this one star is that I took it out of the box and noticed that one of the seats had already been patched with an ugly brown puncture patch . Sure enough , when I inflated the pool , that seat quickly deflated . I suppose I am lucky that the puncture was in one of the seats , so it did n't affect the rest of the pool . But who finds a puncture and patches it before passing a pool off as new ? Very disappointing .
 I bought this little pool a couple of years ago . I thought it looked ideal in the picture with the seats and cupholders . The first year I filled it and waited for the water to warm up before I used it and by that time it felt slimy . It would be much better if it there was a way to attach a pump and filter . I tried it again the next year during a heat wave and it would n't hold air and I could n't find any holes so I put it in the garbage . I ended up buying thisIntex Easy Set 12-Foot by 30-Inch Round Pool Setand I like it much better because it 's easy to keep the water clean .
 Item is bigger than it seems in the picture . Upon filling with air for the first time , one of the `` seat cushions '' has a small leak that takes about 8 hours to deflate . In addition , the main pool container also has a small leak somewhere , so it needs additional air every day . I will be returning the item as it should not have 2 + leaks right out of the box . Poor quality control , apparently .
 I bought this at Big Lots for about the same price and the first time I used it , the thing kept losing air . Filling it with a hand pump is a total pain . Somehow one of the cushions got water in it because I did n't inflate them the first time I filled it . The cushions are pretty pointless because you ca n't even relax on them . I sat on it and leaned back and felt like i was going to fall out ... and when the edge is losing air , it does n't hold the water . So I have not had luck with this pool . Waste of time and money . Might have been nice if it were n't leaking so much air . I even tried to patch a spot and it still lost air .
 Received the product in April in preporation for summer with grandson . Went to inflate in late May and main chamber leaked . Return period expired so we 're stuck with it . Looks nice though !
 I read the reviews but did not listen . The reviews were right and the pool does NOT stay inflated . I only used it twice . Definitely not worth it . Look for something else .
 I purchased this pool at a really great price ! Just what I was looking for ! After about 4 days however , the entire bottom of the pool turned pink !! Maybe it was a reaction of somesort , however it looks gross and makes me wonder , what chemicals etc are doing this ... The pool looks horrible now , its functional , but I dont want to even use it ...
 This pool could be fun if it was more durable . Mine developed a hole in less than a week of use . Holes in the seam dont seem to be able to be fixed with a patch . Also the seatbacks deflate with any pressure on them causing them to be uncomfortable , it would be nice if the seatbacks had their own seperate chambers like the seat bases do .
 Lasted one season opened it up today , and there is a hole , and the screw set would not seal and leaked ... Overal fun for one season only ...
 Finally get a day to inflate and use this very nice looking pool -- Memorial Day weekend -- and it wo n't hold air ! At first , I thought the cold water was just causing it to lose pressure . Nope . Wo n't hold air and deflates quickly . Tried to find the leak , but there are too many seams and it 's large ; ca n't just put it in the tub and turn it around until you find the problem . Very unhappy .
 I have bought two pools from Intex.As products go , they are ok . merely OK.But what you should be aware of is if you need replacements parts , you are on your own.The filter pump went out after 4 months use.So I thought it would be easy to get a replacement part . Easy . Right?No . Most retailers will not carry these parts.You are at the mercy of Atex 's very high prices if you order from them . Amazon lists them , if at all , at very high prices.Please BEWARE OF THE SHORTAGE of replacement parts , because like I said , you will be on your own.CRYING KIDS BECAUSE OF PRODUCT FAILURE IS NOT A PRETTY THING
 OHHHHH I loved this pool the first day I had it , I purchased this in the winter , opened it on memorial day and we used it that day . There were about 5 kids playing in it , there is more than enough room for them and a adult . Ok so we used this theat one day and by the next morning there is a slow leak in the top portion of the pool . The area was CLEANED around the pool area so no sticks or anything could have done it . So I use soap and the air pump to blow it up as I am squirting it , come to find out the slow leak is near one of the CUP HOLDERS ... . so I now have to pump up the top portion of the pool everyday before we get in it !
 This pool leaked air from both chambers on first use . Within 1/2 hour of filling pool , air in top chamber had leaked to point it did not retain the water . Pool was not usable thereafter . The bottom chamber also leaked air to extent I did not have to be open valve when deflating . Now I have to fold up & return it . Would not purchase this brand again .
 We had high hopes for this product , and it is a great idea in theory , but it will take you hours to set it up , and it is very difficult to drain the water -LRB- which must be done every day in order to keep from becoming fully contaminated -RRB- . The first time using the pool , we spent about two hours total , sweating in hot weather just filling with air , then filling with water , then later draining the water as directed -LRB- had to use a bucket as the drain hole is all but useless , unless situated directly over a drain way -- all for an hour or so of use ... The manufacturer suggests using a tarp beneath the product in order to keep it from getting punctured ; however the tarp will naturally create areas for water to settle -- and algae will grow on the tarp ! The second time using the pool , a few weeks later , was even more disappointing . There were many spots of pink slime growing on the inside and outside of the pool , which needed to be scrubbed and sanitized before use . Even after cleaning there remained pink stains . This product is just not practical in any sense of the word . It is too big , too delicate and hard to clean . Good for a one-off at best . Instead , I would recommend buying the cheapest , smallest plastic pool you can find , that will accommodate your youngling -LRB- s -RRB- and yourself ... but find a product that is more durable and easy to keep clean . I should n't have to put a `` pillow of tarp '' under the pool to use it on lush grass , which is now in fact dead , since the pool is difficult to move around . At the end of the day , even after giving this pool the special pampering that is recommended , I am convinced that there are probably 1 or 2 small punctures in the product -LRB- maybe from heat exposure after sitting out for a couple of weeks -RRB- . As many times as you are going to really use this pool , I would also consider going to the community pool or gym for the day -- you will probably enjoy the experience more . Here is some advice for the manufacturers , in case they are reading this
 I bought a pool from you a few years ago , that was the best !! you stop carrying that one !! I bought this one at the end of the season it was a good deal I thought !! Did not use until Memorial Day there was a hole in the crease , so I said okay I will buy some pool patches from you and fix the problem !! patches did not work either !! I just wanted to get one season out of the Pool !! after patching the pool twice and it still did not hold air !! had to pump the pool up every hour for the 4th of July !! this is a bad product !! I still have the other pool on my wish list maybe some day you will get them in again !! those were the coolest pools !! I can not return this one I took scissors to it in anger an threw it out !!
 We purchased this yesterday for $ 40 from Big Lots . Unfortunately , after laying down a tarp , blowing up the pool and filling with water below the fill line last night ... we woke to a pool with a caved in wall and a large portion of the water drained . I know we did n't put it on the most level ground but my guess is there 's a leak somewhere . I 've moved the pool to a more level area and giving it another go . If today does n't turn out better , this one gets returned . We have had the Intex 10 x 30 -LRB- which we gave away -RRB- , it held up wonderfully . We also had a 12 x 36 Intex which I tore a hole into when cleaning it out at the end of season but even though I did a number on it , the patch and duct tape kept it going strong the 3rd year ... it was the inflatable ring on top which finally started leaking and we could n't find it to repair . I 'll be back to leave another review if this one holds up .
 I also had the EXACT same experience as another reviewer Craig . I tried to replace a Campion RJ19LM with this plug . It 's got a visibly much shorter head and I had a heck of a time pushing it up into the ignition coil cap as a result . The entire time I mowed the lawn that day the mower sounded like it was going to die over and over . Basically reving up and down , up and down . I tried reinserting it and starting it up both before , during , and after mowing . I gave this plug an hour of my time , and then I gave up . I put the year old Champion back into the mower ... lo and behold , ran great . It might work for some mowers replacing the champion , but for my 2006 22 '' walk behind Toro , it was an unsatisfactory experience . Sorry !
 I would like this leg rest better if it were straight across on the top . I could n't get a green one , so I spray painted it and it came out great ! The problem is because it 's not comfortable no one will use it .
 Why bother stating that it ships in a plain box if you are n't going to bother ? Product was shipped in the box shown , complete with apicture and full description . Great way to spoil a surprise gift .
 I love my Brinkman Smoke but the Electric Element didn t meet my expectations . It really doesnt generate enough heat to maintain the proper level for smoking .
 I used to be a Kingsford guy . It used to be that you could run to any supermarket and buy a 20lb bag of Kingsford for a reasonable price and get good quality burn everytime.Well , as you may have noticed , Kingsford has changed the structure of their charcoal . Now it has `` sure fire '' groves cut into each briquette . Yes this charcoal burns hotter , but it definitely does n't burn longer , especially for long smokes . I used to get 5-6 hours of burn-time when using a high quality smoker . With the new design i 'm lucky to get 2-3 hours of even heat.Kingsford decided to cut `` sure fire '' groves into each briquette . These are groves that are quite deep and they say that you get higher grilling temperatures . While this may be true -LRB- because more airflow travels through the briquette instead of around it -RRB- it certainly does n't work well for those of us that smoke for long periods of time . Bye-bye to the old Kingsford that we 've come to know and love . It is virtually impossible now-a-days to find the old , better quality Kingsford . They do n't offer their classic briquettes anymore , every bag -LRB- including the Match-Light bags -RRB- now have these groves cut into them . Like I said , this may work good enough for steak and other quick meals , but not for the smokers.I have now moved on to Duraflame . I find this charcoal to be a very good all-around charcoal . You can sear steaks with it and you can also do nice long smokes with it as well.I truly believe that the `` sure fire '' groves are a marketing ploy aimed at weekend grillers . I believe that Kingsford is now cutting corners in order to gain even more profit while offering a much lower quality briquette . First they decided to stamp each briquette with a letter `` K '' . This lightens up the charcoal a bit , but now with the `` sure fire '' groves they have found a way to really lower the cost of production while offering a lower quality product to your average backyard griller . You get less charcoal per bag now . They have cut the weight in the product substantially , but you do n't get the same amount of charcoal . Kingsford says that you still get the same number of briquettes per bag , but with the new `` sure fire '' groves the charcoal weighs less so you get less lbs of charcoal per bag . It 's truly sad to see Kingsford fall into that category where business becomes greed , despite having cornered the market already . This is all my opinion , but after using the new charcoal I feel that it 's the truth.Even though I now dislike Kingsford I still could n't give it a 1/5 . The briquettes are still good enough for your typical meal , but as an all-around charcoal it 's terrible . I strongly urge you to start buying another brand of charcoal . Royal Oak and Duraflame are both great quality charcoals . If you 're tight on your budget then Sams Club charcoal -LRB- purchased at Sams Club and Wal-Mart -RRB- offer decent burns for the price . I now advocate Duraflame as they offer good quality charcoal for a good price .
 I stopped using Kingsford years ago when they changed the product and raised the price . It did n't smell the same , in fact it did n't smell much at all , except for a faint chemical smell . I see that the prices have come down some places , but until I hear they 've gone back to the old formula , I wo n't be buying any . Instead , I 'm using Sam 's Choice , which smells and behaves a lot like old Kingsford .
 Wow , the previous reviewer really summed it up well ... I 'm a low and slow smoking fan and I agree with everything that was mentioned ... in the name of `` better '' Kingsford has essentially lowered the quality of their product , put less in the bag , and is getting a larger margin of `` profit '' ... well , not from me anymore ... I seek out and now use Duraflame for all my cooks ... grilling or low and slow in a smoker .
 I bought this cooker from amazon because i love the convenience of shopping here . So when our son picked this as a gift i went to amazon rather than where he found it . Numbers matched exactly . When it came it was in a busted up box the parts were out of their box and there was no natural gas connection or parts . Highly disappointed .
 This is the second Brinkman cooker I 've purchased . The first one looks just like the picture , this one does n't . The pan and basket on the first one were much better and that 's the main reason I liked it . In the picture you see a stainless wire basket , but what you really get is an alluminum basket with holes in it . Disappointing . It was my fault because the description does n't match the picture . Another lesson learned .
 The pictures featured are not what you get . The picture clearly shows the wire basket . The product is an aluminum basket almost like a colandar . This does not work for cooking homemade fries as the fries stick to the sides . I bought this type of basket at WALMART FOR $ 5.00 last year . Now I have a $ 100.00 basket that is n't worth the packaging it comes in . Please change the pictures to show what you are actually buying .
 This stuff killed what had to be over a hundred J-beetles in my yard in one day . Problem is I NEVER HAD THAT MANY BUGS UNTIL I BOUGHT THIS THING ! Once and awhile there would be a few Japanese beetles in my garden . After I put this up one morning I came home from work and the bag was almost full and there were beetles EVERYWHERE !!!!! IT ACTUALLY ATTRACTS MORE INSECTS THAN YOU CURRENTLY HAVE.DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !
 Setup was not difficult , although it was a little tricky at times because the parts were marked with little stickers that mostly fell off during shipping ; overall we spent about 3 hours on saturday and another 4 + hours on sunday spreading a gravel base and putting the greenhouse together . Although this tent-style greenhouse is a little cheaper than the polycarbonate models , one of the big fabric panels was ripped all the way up to the top , the whole structure was REALLY flimsy and we had no confidence it could survive our sometimes-80 mph winds . We had to send the greenhouse back because of the rip anyway , but rather than replacing the ripped panel , we replaced the greenhouse with a polycarbonate model -LRB- which we LOVE ! -RRB- . For the money , we would recommend this greenhouse -LRB- non-defective -RRB- for areas without serious winds .
 These are just the interdental brushes , not the interdental + tootbrush attachments as advertised . Called customer service -LRB- very friendly -RRB- twice to resolve issue and specify toothbrushes , used amazon resolution service , and third time still did not get toothbrushes -- since I ca n't get brush replacement heads my toothbrush is pretty much defunct and I had to give up , go out and buy a new powered toothbrush from a brand-name manufacturer . Too bad because I love the tounge attachment but there is no way I was keeping two toothbrushes just to use one attachment -- my bathroom does not have that much space !
 I wanted Toothbrushes not flossing brushes . I think I paid $ 10 for a bunch of flossing brushes and ONE toothbrush . When I ordered the original Sonic Clean Between toothbrush I threw away the flossing brushes . The are cheap and do n't function properly . I wo n't do this again !
 I purchasrd this product in Sept. of 2012 , and in less than four months later -LRB- in late Dec. of the same year -RRB- i notice the seam on the cover where plastic and fabric meet got separated , eventhough i was very , very careful every time i opened and closed the cover , and i used the cover maybe 3 or 4 times a week , the shalves seem to be solid but the cover is not good at all , would i buy it today ? probably not .
 the picture for the product is deceptive . the stand is not included , so i could n't use . . description not well worded . my bad for not reading closely . never opened the packaging . they did take it back , but only refunded the product price . if i order from amazon again , i 'll call first . boo amazon
 I am disappointed ! I have used Fiskars for years . The blade popped off when I used them to cut poster board . I thought the blade and handle would be one solid piece , but they are just attached to handles with plastic .
 Found ants in the basement - probably because the recently spread mulch in the garden . Bought a couple of these , deployed as suggested on the box - near corners , baseboards , etc.Its main effect on ants is pissing them off because they had to detour to avoid it . In * no circumstance * ANY ant ate it . Totally , absolutely , 145 % useless - again , I wonder if they even test this before selling it.As another reviewer said , it 's supposed to work with both sweet and grease loving ants - and I too wonder what kind of ants I have - maybe french cuisine connoisseur ants?Anyhow
 I put these traps right on the ant trail and waited a week . The ants went around them . These baits are supposed to be for both grease and sweet loving ants so I wondered what kind I had.I put a tiny dab of honey down and watched . The ants quickly found it and would n't leave it alone.I then cut open one of the traps and using a toothpick but a dab of each bait and a dab of honey on a piece of paper and watched . The ants were again drawn to the honey . But as I watched they 'd sample each of the Raid baits and move on.I 've tried the Terro liquid ant bait and my ants really like it . I 'll be picking up some Terro liquid bait traps tomorrow .
 I 've tried both kinds of Raid ant baits , the regular strength and the double control . The traps have been out for 24 hours and neither type is working . I just watched two ants walk completely around a trap !!! I even tried to stick a toothpick into one of the traps to stir up the bait , thinking the bait might be old or dried out . The trap is designed so you ca n't get inside to stir it.What a waste of money.I 'm going to buy Terro instead . Terro is messy but at least it attracts the ants .
 It 's hard to say whether this actually works to kill ants , since the couple of times we 've used it they appeared to actually go out of their way to stay away from it even though we placed it in a high-traffic area . If a few went into the holes at all , it looked like an accident . Maybe if you picked up the ants individually and forced them into the holes -LRB- but you still would n't be able to make them eat the stuff ! -RRB- Maybe it 's made for some particular type of ant that we do n't have . -LRB- We have small black ants . -RRB- Oh , but one day a squirrel got into our kitchen and happily took these baits -LRB- poor squirrel ! -RRB- so maybe it 's really meant for them instead.Look at the reviews on the Terro liquid instead . We 're trying that now and the ants seem to be crazy for it .
 It is pointless to use these traps if you have ants already . Ants do n't even enter these traps , let alone eat the poison.The carpet in my appartment was poorly laid -LRB- especially around the stairs -RRB- and as a result , ants began showing up in my room around early summer . Most traps that I used required a knowledge of where the ants were coming from , and I has no idea.I would suggest using the liquid ant killers -LRB- I think the one I got was from tera -RRB- . All you do is put a small amount of liquid on a piece of cardboard and wait for the ants to eat.I found exactly where the ants were coming from by using this because all the bate was gone the next morning . I used the earth friendly RAID after that and it took care of the problem . I am still surprised it worked as well as it did so quickly considering how many ants were crawling around .
 I recently had a serious ant infestation in my bathroom . I could n't figure out why they were in there until I found them swarming my mouthwash bottle . I went to the local Wal-Mart and looked at the products they had for killing ants . I picked up this one thinking it was the best . I set out all four baits . They did n't even act interested in them . They would walk up to them , but they would not enter the bait trap . I even tried another brand -LRB- Combat -RRB- and had the same results . Finally I resorted to making my own bait . I mixed 1 tablespoon of maple syrup and 1 tablespoon of borax . They were all over that maple syrup . There had to be at least 40 ants drinking all at the same time . It 's been about 14 hours and I have not see one ant back . My advice is to not even buy these Raid ant bait traps . The borax method is much easier .
 I would give this a big fat ZERO if I could because that is exactly how many ants it got rid of ! I wanted Terro but the store did not have it -LRB- they were sold out -- imagine that ! -RRB- so I picked this up instead . I read the package carefully . It said '' `` relief from severe ant infestations '' . It further went on to explain that is worked similar to Terro
 Ants still here in Maine , where it is Darn Cold Too ! The ants turn their nose up at the bait and walk right on by to something else on the floor . I have been watching them , it is a joke . They stream in and stream out of the cracks in my dishwasher 24/7 , morning til night and have an afternoon nap . I was hoping some took a swim while they were at the dish washer . It has been days now , I figured maybe I need to wait a few days before the nest wherever got peppered with poison , and still no success . You know I thought the bait looked like Peanut Butter Too ? I 'm so mean wo n't give them a good time with the jam or jelly . I 'm so disgusted . Those fire ants , medium ones do sting awful , had a few bite me on my belly ; - -LRB- Think I have one up my pant leg now . If not I 'm getting some paranoid . I think we should buy only the spray from now on .
 Since location can make a difference with this kind of product , I just wanted to mention that the ants I 'm having problems with in Northern Minnesota show no interest in this bait . I even tried the method one reviewer mentioned -- taking the bait out of the container to make it more accessible to them . If anything , they seemed more interested in avoiding it.I 've had luck withCombat Ant Killing Gel 27gramsin the past when living in an apartment in Eastern North Dakota , so I 'll try it again soon.I do wish I could give a `` zero '' rating for this product , since that appears to be how many ants it has killed.Edit
 This product is such a rip . . I usually use Terro and it works great . . store out so I bought these crappy things . The ants went out of their way to avoid these and when I opened it up -LRB- OOOOOO big no no -RRB- it was full of peanut butter . I have never had a ant steal all my peanut butter . 1/4 oz peanut butter for $ 2.99 . . Crappy deal for me . . Great deal for Raid .
 I tried to force them to walk through these traps but they do n't care . Maybe my ants are n't Egyptian since I live off the east coast of the US -LRB- See the only 5 star review -RRB- . I tried the Terro liquid traps last year with some success , I just ordered some more from Amazon since the local store is out . 2 days later ... I found some Terro traps left over from last year after I wrote the first part of the review . My ants flocked to the Terro liquid bait stations and today are scarce . I would n't bother with these or the single bait Raid traps .
 `` waste of money . sigar ants never entered these `` traps '' . go with another product
 Completely useless , waste of money , I tried it on 2 different kinds of ants , the larger slow moving ants and thesmaller fast moving ants with bigger antennas.They went around it , not a single one went inside , in fact they smelled something offensive , and made sure NOT to wanderinside by accident.Complete rip-off and a waste of money !! I sprayed the ants with `` Bugout '' flying insect killer and they died instantly ...
 Did n't bother the small ants that invaded our kitchen even after several days . I followed the instructions and they ants did n't seem to mind this stuff.Switched to Combat Ant Killing Gel and it worked great . Eradicated them in less than 24 hours !
 I only wish i had searched this site BEFORE purchasing these . The majority of reviews are negative and for a good reason . I put these in areas of major ant activity in my kitchen . These are the very small dark colored ants which are quite common . I know the ants are `` sweet eating '' variety by the types of things they seek out . The ants totally ignore the traps . Obviously there is nothing in them that would actually ATTRACT ants or encourage them to enter and check out the contents . If any have actually checked it out , they obviously dont like what is in there . While it is `` possible '' that the ants might die if they actually ate some of this stuff , there has been no effect on the ant activity after several days and I have not observed ANY ants actually going in or out of the `` baits '' . I have no pets or children and i am going to open one of these up to see what is inside . I can leave it exposed as there is nothing or no one , besides the ants , that can contact the contents . I am curious to see the results . I will post if I learn anything new . --------- I am updating this review with the overall results . Bottom Line ; ants will avoid these things like a plague . I opened one up which revealed a couple of waxy like substances . With the unit opened the ants still would not go near it . I even tried a dab of honey inside and they still avoided it . They had no problem going after the honey residue on the honey jar.I saw some good reviews for TERRO liquid any baits and decided to try them . The results were VERY POSITIVE . Terro is for ants that eat sweets . I dont know what sort of ants these units are for , but even putting sweet honey in the bait would not get them to go near it . They crawled right past it and into the Terro . The Terro took a bit more than a week to eliminate all of the ants but they are gone and have not returned . I will be doi9ng a full review on the Terro .
 cranked it up and froze my beans off , had a -5 degree bag and was still so cold i barley got any sleep .
 Purchased this Blackcat specifically because it appeared to be the older , non plastic style and paid a bit of a premium over the new version . When it arrived I realized it was in fact the new version . Picture is incorrect . By the Blackcat cheaper from another reseller .
 Bought this to keep warm ice fishing . Not enough btu 's . Great for a small tent or a camping trip just to keep the chill out . I have a 6X6 tent and on a 20 * day or less , it 's not enough . If you are looking to stay warm in cold situations , buy something else . Over priced product .
 These were bought with the Fiskars 98887097 No. 5 Softgrip Micro-Tip Craft Scissors for use in embroidery , with the intent to use it in situations where it was necessary to snip floss as close to the fabric as possible . It 's performance has been haphazard as it tends to chew the thread rather than cutting it cleanly.This has been the only disappointment thus far with the Fiskars brand .
 The clock arrived and looked fantastic . However , to open the clock face to gain access to the winding mechanism you have to push a button on the outside of the clock . Upon receipt , the push button was loose and floating inside the space formed by the glass cover and clock face.It should have been fastened on the outside to the clock body be a nut -LRB- push button is threaded -RRB- but nut was no where to be found . Push button had to be placed in the space where it was found since if the retaining nut had come loose in some manner , the push button would have fallen outside of the clock body.Aside from the above , the clock bell and winding mechanism was totally bound and jammed !! Appears to have been a used clock !!!! Needless to say I am returning this one but will order another when return process is complete.The above comments were discussed with Weems and Plath personnel.UPDATE AS OF 9/27/2010Replacement clock received and is working fine !! Return process for defective clock went easily and the price of the clock dropped $ 30 during the return period . Clock looks absolutely gorgeous . Ships bell is loud enough to be heard with the TV playing next to it . If I could , I would change the rating to 5 stars.A few things to note :1 . Other reviews have critized the loudness of the bell chime . These have all related to the quartz driven models . And W&P ; is quite upfront on their website stating the bell chime on the quartz driven clock is very low . in comparison , the chime on the mechanical driven model is fine in my humble opinion .2 . Other reviewers have critized the Hermlee mechanism . Hermlee , a German manufacturer , has been around for many years and makes clock mechanisms for many many clock manufacturers . I believe they have a plant in Virginia also . They have a very good reputation .3 . Lastly , and most importantly , the clock is shipped fully wound . There is no statement to thie affect in the instructions !! If you attempt to wind the clock when you receive it , you will jam the mechanism !!!!! Just remove the plastic pin restraining the minute hand and wait 5 minutes to see if the minute hand moves . There is no ticking noise . This is the quietest mechanical clock i have ever heard ! 4 . W&P ; personnel are very helpful . Dial the number stated on their website if you do have a problem and you will talk to a live person in Annapolis-not Asia!UPDATE sEPTEMBER 2011Well it now is September 2011 ! The clock must have been operational for at least three weeks over the past year . Returned to Weems and Plath since when it chimes-it keeps on chiming !!! They had it for six weeks , but these people are good !!!!!! You call , leave a messagew and within one hour they call you back . Seems the clock was dropped and can not be brought back to specifications , so they replaced the whole mechanism !! UPS-who knows ! But if I were you , stay away from this seller !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 3
 I have had a pair of these shears for more years than I can remember . Time for a new pair.My old pair was easy to open and close but the blades are getting dull and chewing up the fabric.These are hard to open & close . The soft grip would be nice IF they were easier to open & close.I did not realize this issue because as soon as I got them , I gave the packaged shears to a friend who was cutting out dog bandannas for a rescue fund raiser we had scheduled . She does not sew so she did not know they were supposed to be easier to open etc. . She just returned the unused fabric & shears , which is past the 30 day return period.When I tried to use them yesterday on some cotton broad cloth , I was shocked at how hard they were to open and close . Silicone spray did n't help . My husband and I tried a number of things to try to get them to open more easily . At the end of cutting the pattern , I had the beginning of a blister on my lower thumb where the `` soft grip '' rubbed my thumb constantly when trying to use the shears ... These would go back IF it was within the return period .
 After reading all of the glowing reviews for these scissors , I was sold . I ordered them but I 'm very disappointed in their functionality . They are very hard to open and close ... you have to have really strong hands . Another issue is they are HUGE ! I do n't have small hands and I am unable to open them all the way with one hand . My fingers and thumb just do n't spread far enough apart . One last thing ... one tip is longer than the other . This might be nice if you are cutting in a straight line off the edge of the fabric but if you are trying to cut into a corner , you wo n't be able to cut to the edge . Very disappointing .
 These scissors worked great for about one week -LRB- and I only sew as a hobby -RRB- and then they became very difficult to open fully . After reading other reviews I can see I am not the only person to have this issue . I recommend buying a different brand !!
 These do n't actually cut anything , including thread . The blades do seem sharp but I believe the flaw lies in the poor quality plastic handles . There 's barely any spring action becasue all of it relies on the plastic `` loop '' idea at the back . And the blades ca n't pass tightly together enough to create the kind of friction to cut something as thin as thread or fabric because there 's absolutely no pivot screw or anything :-LRB- I 'm surprise at Fiskars as usually they make quality scissors . My advise is to save your money on this and put it towards a metal pear of thread snips . Nothing beats metal for cutting things :-RRB- Gingher makes a lovely pair and Gingher is now owned by Fiskars .
 I 've had a pair of these scissors for 22 years . they consistently jam , and the screw connecting the metal pieces is full of gluon particles.If I had the time , I would buy a pair of scissors from any other manufacturer , it MUST be better than this .
 I tried this product , gave it two weeks and it has n't worked . There are more holes being dug by armadillos than before . I think this is a scam and this vendor should be banned from Amazon . Look at the other reviews and you 'll see , this product does not work.Of course there is no `` money back '' guarantee .
 I used this product several times in our back yard and the moles just keep on coming.Save you money buy a trap !
 This product was strongly recommended by `` experts '' online . I found several articles listing this product as the best defense for armadillos just short of hiring a professional trapper.I have an armadillo who is tearing up my St. Augustine lawn . Especially the large patch over the septic tank and drain field . I had the latter replaced and subsequently replaced the sod over the recently excavated area . The sod had barely taken root when this armored terror decided my yard was a buffet . He tore through $ 1200 in new sod in a mater of days . He then went after the older , established area.Crushed mothballs kept him at bay for a day or two until the rains washed them away -LRB- another Florida problem -RRB- . The Dr. T product was recommended so I did some research and found articles on both sides claiming positive and negative results . From what I understand ; the oil coats the food source and gives the animal the runs making it not want to return to this spot . Its an association thing.After caking my yard in layers of Castor Oil -LRB- of which this product is 100 % -RRB- the armadillo still finds my property tastier than ever and more so than my neighbors . I have also placed all sorts of products to kill the food source -LRB- grubs , etc. -RRB- . Still , he keeps digging - now he 's taken to tearing through the mulch and landscape beds . Its insane.I can not recommend this product . I have applied it several times and it is my assessment that the pest does not care if the yard has the product on it or not .
 I feel cheated , mislead , & lied to . I read the product description . I read the product reviews . Both claim that this rotary blade is intended to work on fabric . Yet when I recieved the blade , the packaging said `` for paper only . '' Several reviewers even said it work well on fabric despite the packaging claims . I do n't know what fabric they used it on , but it could n't cleanly cut through cotton . I tried to cut a pretty scalloped edge onto a fat quarter , like you 'd find at all fabric stores . While the blade did indeed separate the fabric into smaller pieces , it took at least three passes . The finished edge was not scalloped but tiny , fraying squares . This product DOES NOT WORK ON FABRIC . Please fix your description .
 I was really disappointed in this Blade . It was not sharp enough for me and my application . I was tempted to send it back and might still do so . It is not imprinted with the Fiskars logo and although in the proper packaging , I question whether it is the genuine product . Any other blades I have purchased on line or in stores have worked fine . I like the design just not the sharpness .
 The pump is to small for an 6x8 pond!Did not come with plant baskets . I waited for over a month because they lost the order.NOT a good deal !!!
 this rotary blade was purchased to use on fabric as you would any pinking shears but it is not the same cut as scissors and not as sharp as I hoped . When I was cutting the fabric it was necessary to press down very hard in order to get a complete cut across and still each time there was a small area not cut . I will try another brand next time . I have cut with this blade but not washed the fabric so I 'm not sure if the fabric will fray or not.Changing the blades was very easy , no problems with that .
 Bought this to use at a protest against this illegitimate colonial settler entity . It burned well with an accelerant , and the cheapness of the material made it easy to smother with dirt and everything . We all had a great time burning it , I have to give it one star because of the price . Way too pricey for something you 're just going to destroy anyways !!
 go 's up in smoke quite nicely.FREE PALESTINE!burns quite nice with a union jack and northern ireland flag.also makes good a door mat the wipe your feet.and also makes great toilet paper when youve all ran out .
 I would n't want to be seen with this flag of the Zionist terror colony `` Israel '' . They killed Palestinians and stole their land from them . You can say `` Iran '' and `` Hamas '' and `` Holocaust '' all you want , but it does n't change the facts .
 I choose this rating because one of the flags was ripped . I thought the flags should n't have been so thin . I had ordered other flags and they were of better quality
 We purchased this greenhouse 2 years ago and loved it the first year . Unfortunately , the plastic covering started to wear and it dry rotted the second year . Additionally , the frame started to bend which caused stress on the zippered door which eventually tore . I would not recommend this product .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GREENHOUSE . The concept is great but the design is very , very poor . The front plastic is too tight makeing zipping the door extremely difficult if not impossible . The plastic has already ripped and it is less than 3 months old . If I could return it I would .
 Purchased one of these from my local hardware store . I liked the idea of having something to protect my winter veggie garden from the sparrows while also helping it grow faster . In theory , this greenhouse would have been perfect
 I set up this greenhouse to protect my roses from the harsh winters in Colorado . I have had it up since October and it is already useless . The plastic froze and cracked or shattered in about two dozen spots and the door no longer zips . This is a terrible product , and yet if I want to return it , I only get a 50 % refund and I have to pay shipping . What a WASTE of money .
 If the battery and charger are sold separately , there may be customers that have both . Please state the voltage ,
 `` This product did arrive as promised , actually early . However , all of the hardware was loose in the box , the legs were damaged and there was blood inside the box and it appears to have been a previous return . Not Happy ! Called and told them to come pick it up ! ''
 The product is fair at best in quality . The shipper took forever to get them here . My purpose in getting the flags was to decorate the front porch of my home in anticipation of my grandson being home for leave . I ordered it and several other items on the same day . All other items came in a 2 - 4 day time frame.After contacting the seller he shipped another set - which is to his credit . However they did not show up till 3 days after I took the lad to the airport to report to duty . I would never recommend buying from this vendor .
 Purchased this nice flag at a vary reasonable price . One problem though . The color I wished for was a LIGHT BLUE . The color of the flag background was delivered in a DARK BLUE . After contacting the seller ... Their response was a matter of fact that was the stock and that is the way it is . No attempt to rectify my disagreement . Sorry for the lack of concern .
 Supposedly this flag I ordered was lost in the mail . Good Job this is strike number two , c'mon Amazon . No tracking number was assigned .
 I bought this detector as a surprise for our vacation after reading all of these positive reviews and was terribly disappointed . It did n't detect any metal except for our van ... even coins that were right in front of it . I do n't know if we got a defective unit , but unless the metal in question was huge and thick like a car or a metal swing set , it would n't beep .
 Garbage ! Will not detect a coin . Will detect a large wrench at an inch or two but not further so it works to some extent . Still might package it up & send it back but for the cost it is not worth my time .
 The unit only detects , when it is directly touching metal ?! Day late and a dollar short , at that point . The Elenco Metal Detector with Beep Alert is a worthless purchase .
 This product did not work from the beginning . It could not even detect a quarter on the ground . The product is cheaper than other detectors but pretty useless when it can not even detect coins on top of the ground . This product should n't even be allowed to be sold to the public . I was not expecting long range or anything considering the price but not even detecting metal above ground is ridiculous . What a great way to waste 25 bucks .
 I gave it one start only because I could n't give it zero . This was bought as a gift and from the moment it was opened it did n't work . It did n't even pick up a coin that we held underneath it ! Nothing made this thing beep . There was one very disappointed boy on Christmas . Do not buy this one . Spend a bit more and get one that will give you the fun you are looking for . I do have to say kudos to Amazon for their wonderful return policy . At least we were n't stuck with it .
 This metal detector is junk . It does n't work at all and my daughter was very disappointed . Do n't purchase it !! It 's not worth the cost to ship it , let alone buy it .
 I thought it was a step up from another option . Very basic . Works , but not well . Some stuff we planted was n't detected . Pretty cheap construction as well . Hopefully the kid will get some fun out of it before it breaks or is tossed aside .
 Just bought this for my 8-year old . Does n't work . I love Elenco products , typically . The unit is lightweight and seems sturdy enough , but it flat out does not work . Returning tomorrow .
 the metal detector just beeps at anything not anything you can do about it , like setting it to nickel gold quarter or dime . and to me it really wasnt worth it i kept finding pull tabs and caps because i couldnt set it to anything .
 So , the metal detector showed up , and it was put together wrong . So my husband tried to take it apart and put it together the right way -LRB- because honestly sending it back would have been more work ... I have 3 kids and getting back to the post office is too much -RRB- . My husband was able to get it back together , and it only works when it ` wants to work ' ... sometimes it works and sometimes it does n't . Crap . Do n't wast your money .
 what a total waste of money , not one peep as you hold it over metal , save your money . . grandson so unhappy on Christmas
 This is just not worth it , does n't work well , I purchased this for my grandson and it was such a disappointment I do n't think he really used it once because the quality was that bad .
 This contraption is more like a toy . I just needed a quick tool to search for ground post in my yard . This thing went off anytime I moved it . Especially in the air around NO METAL at all . I should 've known with this price . It was going to be used for one task and that was it so not to disappointed ... I just sent this crap back . It would serve better as a kids toy or a dog 's chewable .
 I like to start with the good , so I must say installation was a cinch which was a pleasant surprise . Now I 'm just waiting for it to work.In 6 days it has n't caught hardly any mosquitos , but plenty of other harmless bugs . Plus my kids and wife are still getting eaten up , too.HOWEVER , I 'm not giving up because I heard that in SC the `` bait setting '' is very important . So I called customer support and they told me to turn it way down because the octenol is n't bait for all types of mosquitos . They also warned it takes a good 3-6 weeks to really get a good hold on the area problem , so we 're just getting a late start in the summer . Too bad.I will keep you posted on the progress in 3 weeks and re-rate the product after then ... -- Had to send it back . Never worked -LRB- even after 6 weeks -RRB- no matter how much they tried to make me give it more time . So much time that I was barely able to send it back to amazon because now it was past the 30 day refund limit . Amazon was gracious enough to take care of me despite Blue Rhino 's `` hands off '' attitude.The customer service started great but has quickly deteriorated . I 'm assuming they must be dealing with a lot of dissatisfied customers right now because the attitude I got on this last call was ridiculous.Hope it works better for you !
 Do n't waste your money . It stalled constantly and would not restart . I took it apart multiple times , cleaned it out -LRB- although each time it was virtually clean -RRB- and the machine would stall out again within an hour . WORTHLESS .
 I 've had one of these for 3-4 years now and have had the head replaced every year after having a heated arguement with the manufacturers . NONE of the heads have worked more than 8-9 months . The ONLY positive thing I can say is that it does catch a lot of mosquitos when it 's working . Do n't waste over $ 200 on something you 'll have to send in for repairs EVERY year . I 've bought a Thermacell lantern that does a great job of repelling mosquitos for about $ 25 .
 If you are frustrated with your skeeter vac because of its not starting or running poorly , it can be repaired . Please email me at Gkconst@comcast.net . I can let you know a way to get your machine up and running rather than filling up the landfill . Thanks Gregg
 So disappointed . The lower part of the pole was bent so it was impossible to make the umbrella look straight . It does look funny .
 The blade seems fine , quite sharp ... The only problem is that the blade does not extend to the end of the handle - just about on third , which makes the handle prone to breaking . How much would it cost them to do things right ?! + $ 3 ?
 Tylan Soluble Powder 100gmI ordered this product through Amazon to control my Shih Tzu 's chronic diahrrea . After I received it I contacted Discount Pet Supply for directions on giving it to her . A rep called me back and said the powder was not for dogs . I contacted the company three times , the last time through Amazon , to get a return authorization . There has been NO response from the company or from AmazonWHY ??
 I use this product a lot , was very disappointed that the freshness date , expires in less than two months.I dont ' use a ton of this each year , and was very disappointed that the product shipped was nearly expired once I got it .
 This product was recommended by our vet with the caution that the cat might not like the smell . . Well the cats will not eat it mixed in their food . . It does mix well but the cat ca n't get past the smell .
 Tylan was prescribed by my vet for my dog who has Inflammatory Bowel Disease . He gets 1/8 of a tsp twice a day . My last bottle had an expiration date one year after I purchased it . And the almost empty jar has lasted over 8 months . Unfortunately the jar I bought had an expiration date only 5 months from now . Not worth the price since this is an expensive product . The lesson I learned was to ask the expiration date of pet products before purchasing online . According the the manufacturer this was a short-dated product . I had to send it back , incurring the return postage myself .
 This is a 3x5 dive flag but it 's made a lil cheap . You can see through she red and white . Looks like a dive flag made out of a silk shirt.You get what you pay for . If you looking for a heavy duty dive flag keep looking . If you looking for one to hang in the garage this will work . Bought it to fly on the boats VHF antenna while we are diving . I 'm hoping it last 6months .
 Used it once , the coupler at the extension joint broke so now I have rwo pieces ... Thought this would be the solution , but apparently not .
 REPEL Mosquito Stop Clothing & Gear Insect Repellent
 This packag size will not pass TSA regulations . I bought this product for air travel and never got to use it .
 Think twice before you spend the $ for this grill . It 's not worth it . In the spirit of full disclosure , this is my first gas grill . I have used charcoal for over 20 years . But , the time had come , or so I thought . First , gas grills add virtually no flavor to the food . The flavorizer bars are no substitute for charcoal . Second , and more relevant to the Summit C , is the built in smoker . It 's a joke . Yes , it works well and creates lots of smoke , but the smoke directly exits the grill housing . Because Weber put it on the side , the smoke does not even touch the food . Instead , it snakes up the side wall and exits through the back vent . Without the smoke or real grill flavor , the Summit C is nothing more than a glorified outdoor oven . Do yourself a favor and get a cheaper model if baking outside is your plan . If not , do n't even bother . What a waste .
 While I feel that this is a great grill , I also feel it is extremely over priced . Two days after purcasing this grill I went to Lowes , and subsequently Home Depot , and Builders Square . All of which have higher quality grills at a price of at least $ 700.00 less . These grills are of a higher quality construction , and materials . They have a higher BTU , and are made by a brand name manufacturer . Needless to say , I sent this grill packing as fast as I could !!!!!
 I used it for awhile without incident ... But in about 3 months the joints that screw in would unscrew while walking around -LRB- which sometimes created messy situations -RRB- and in less than 6 months the wooden handle broke off on one piece . I carried on with the shorter handle for a couple of weeks until the other handle broke off ! I think the joints in the middle only make the product weaker . The less often you have to touch it the better !
 We took this on vacation to Minnesota -LRB- where they joke that the state bird is a mosquito -RRB- and were disappointed to find that it did n't work . During the day , when the bugs are n't as plentiful , it seemed to work , but in the evening , it made no difference.The concept is great , but unfortunately , it could n't perform ...
 This particular product was mentioned on the local news in my area . Their fact based review on the `` Love Bug '' was that there is no scientific evidence to support the theory of why this product will work . On a side note
 Made in Taiwan , very poorly sewn , lasted only 3 months outdoors despite being brought down in winds over 40MPH . Will look elsewhere for replacement .
 This flag is a disgrace to POW 's ! It is poorly made , and when I attached it to a groomet , the ring ripped and nearly fell off . Garbage !
 Unit arrived with broken spark plug . I purchased a new one per instructions from the supplier . After much effort it started and seemed to work OK . Tried to start it 2 weeks later - no dice . I 'm getting a lot of exercise trying to start it .
 I did not purchase this item from Amazon.com . I purchased the same item elsewhere . It wo n't even start . I have tried 2 of them now and they were both junk . I agree with the other guy , they do n't even start . It 's a complete waste of money . I also could not get my money refunded .
 THis generator is not 1000 watts continuous.It only will run about 500 watts continuous.I would give it four out of five stars if advertisement were true .
 You get what you pay for . In this case you get expensive garbage ... nothing else . Parts are broken or missing , it wo n't start , ca n't get a refund etc. . Buy a Yamaha , it costs more but it works every time .
 runs , but leaks gas , and , they had to replace the housing from shipment as it was cracked . overall , a poorly made product .
 I own two Yankee Flippers , one Whipper and one Dipper . Droll Yankee does make quality products and stands behind their warranties but the only one that is squirrel proof , excluding red squirrels , is the Flipper.Dipper . It 's only squirrel resistant . It took the squirrels about one week before they were hanging on the feeder . My feeders are on a cable between two trees about 20 feet apart and the bottom of the feeders are about 6 feet from the ground . What they would do is walk out on the cable , slide down to the top of the feeder and hang their self over as far as possible from the top , then let go , and as they slide past the perches and feeding holes they put their paws into the feeder holes and hang there and eat . It 's the more mature squirrels that do it best but it even takes them 6 or 7 tries before they finally succeed grabbing the holes as they slide by . The Dipper is not for you if you 're feeding the heavier birds . Although it is very well built we had flocks of grackles migrate through for about a 2 or 3 week duration and they literally wore out some of the perches . Because of their weight , they need to flap their wings to stay on causing the perches to constantly go up and down thus wearing out the cable inside the perch . It was replaced under the warranty.Whipper . It 's only squirrel resistant . Like the Dipper mentioned above the squirrels do the same gymnastics but they had this one solved in 1 day versus a week . Why is it easier for them to solve , simply because the perches are curved and so even when the perches are turned fully downward that some of the perch still horizontally juts out from the base and is just enough for their paws to grab . If you 're debating just between the Dipper and Whipper I would recommend the Whipper because it holds some of the heavier birds and is easier for cardinals because of the curved perch.Flipper . It works really great and I had used them for about three years but they have one major flaw . Both my motor/battery sticks failed to hold a charge towards the end of the third year . The major problem is that you can not go out and replace the batteries yourself and so you have to buy the motor/battery stick that costs $ 39 plus $ 10 shipping . In essence , plan on paying $ 50 for the motor/battery stick every 3 years . You have no other option . Yankee should redesign the motor/battery stick so an individual could purchase `` C '' size rechargeable batteries locally and manually insert them . I refuse to pay the $ 50 every 3 years and so I purchased Whipper and Dipper bases as replacements since the bottoms of these feeders are interchangeable.I solved my problem by `` squirrel proofing '' the cable by stringing empty 2-liter plastic bottles through the cable and now can hang any bird feeder .
 I 'm heartbroken with my new Dipper . This was a splurge for us , but worth it to defeat the squirrels . Instead , I 've lost the seasonal grosbeak and painted buntings that had just returned , the cardinals still look around in hopes something has dropped on the ground but I 'm afraid they will soon be gone , and I have a picture of a squirrel hanging off the bottom as he retrieves the seed . He also reaches across from the staff , but the feeder can be moved to hang from a tree . Now , I can see that the short 90 degree perches are good for finches and nuthatches , but would be awkward for larger birds . The birds I wanted to feed are n't getting fed . I 'm soooo sorry I wasted my money .
 The squirrels chewed off the perches on the Droll Yankee Dipper by snipping the cable that holds the perch to feeder , rendering the feeder unusable . They would do this by hanging off the top of the feeder and extending their bodies all the way down to where the perches were at the bottom of the feeder . Removing the perches really did n't help them ... maybe they were just angry . Ca n't use feeder any more as they did this with all four ports .
 I had heard/read so many wonderful accolades for Droll Yankee Bird Feeders , I was excited to get this product . I have been through many bird feeders and paraphernalia that I thought I could pick a winner . NOT THE CASE . The holes on this birdfeeder are way too big . You wo n't have to worry about the squirrels climbing up to get seed , because all the seed is on the ground . As I watched birds eat from this , I could see lots of bird seed falling out at the same time . I filled it up in the morning , and by mid-afternoon it was almost empty ! And there had been no squirrels on the contraption . Also the doves figured out how to hang on to get to the seed . As one other reviewer wrote , hanging it up presents it 's own set of problems , as you have to raise it almost parallel to the ground . So you have a pile of birdseed on the ground long before you even get started ! It seems very durable , but I bought a bird feeder to save the birdseed for the birds , and this has wasted more than all the squirrels put together !
 This feeder is not squirrel proof . They can hang on the bottom of the feeder and get to the holes . Second , the perches are way too sensitive . Larger birds slip and slide off , yes , however also other smaller birds have a hard time on it too . Nuthatches and Downy Woodpeckers can barely stay on it . The only birds that can stay on it comfortably at all are Finches , and Chickadees . That is when the birds do actually go to the feeder . Most of the time there 's nothing on it , they do n't even seem to really like it . Another problem with this feeder is the feeder ports . The seed does not flow to the feeder ports as intended , it gets stuck and you have to bang on the feeder to get it to go down into the holes . And even when it does go into the holes , when it rains , the food gets all wet and soggy . So all in all , do n't buy this feeder . In fact , do n't buy any of the Droll Yankees Squirrel Proof feeders . Go out to Wild Birds Unlimited and buy an Eliminator feeder .
 I bought this feeder and I put it up immediately . I put it in the exact same place as our old feeder , same food . Five days it sat with only one red finch that would land on it , push seed onto the ground and then the birds would eat from the ground . The birds never landed on it ... they would attempt , but would be spooked when they approached . When I contacted Droll Yankee directly , they said it sometimes takes 6-8 weeks for birds to arrive ... sorry , but if I pay THIS much for a feeder , I want results a little quicker.The best part ? I returned the Dipper and got the FLIPPER . By the time I put it up and walked back to my deck to look back at it , the birds were on it . It was n't 6-8 weeks ... it was 3-4 seconds . I honestly think the birds like the larger round pirch much better than the small stick-like pirches on this feeder . It is squirrell proof for sure . Go for the Flipper ...
 We have 3 feeders in our backyard , this feeder is always full . The other two will be empty within a couple days , and the birds will only eat from this if it is the only option . Not sure what they do not like .
 This cover fits okay but the fabric will break down and start falling apart within a year of exposure to the sun . I 've bought two of these since 2009 and both have failed at about the same time . The first thing you 'll notice is the black color turns to a light gray within a few months and then when you try to remove it a small piece of fabric might come off in your hand . Do n't believe any review on any website that tells you otherwise . The only reason this cover is n't a complete waste of money is that it does fit and it will protect your firepit if you are extremely careful but even so it will still fall apart . I wish the company that made the Weber grill covers would make a cover to fit this grill . Those covers will last 8-10 years or more .
 About 15 months ago I purchased a Vaughan SH2 22-ounce hatchet at the local Home Depot store . I wanted it for chopping wood on camping trips plus for general use around the home and garden . It seemed appropriate . It had a nice feel and balance and was n't terribly expensive . Alas , I 've been very disappointed with this product.First of all , the blade did n't seem to keep a good cutting edge for very long . I 've sharpened it too many times for the limited use it has received . Worse , the handle was not firmly fixed to the hatchet head and tended to slip off during use . In active use , it had to be tapped back on every few minutes . Annoying and potentially dangerous . Worse yet , today I was cutting a yucca stump -LRB- not a very hard wood -RRB- and the handle broke off at the base of the head . Supposedly it had a `` flame treated hickory handle , '' whatever that might mean , but surely a hatchet handle might be expected to last longer than this . Maybe I just got a defective handle , but what do I do now with a broken fifteen-month-old tool ? Take it back ? Well , my solution is to not buy Vaughn products again and to warn others . Otherwise , it 's a nicely designed tool . Given a decent handle , I 'd expect to have it around and use it for many years.Gary Peterson
 It is NOT squirrel proof . As a matter of fact all the squirrels have figures out that if the wrap their bodies around the bottom of the feeder and put their claws in the holes , they can have a wonderful feast.Don ' t buy it ! If anyone has one of these and has figured out what to do , please share . I have written toDroll Yankee and have not received any response about the problem .
 I 've been a big fan of the Droll Yankee Flipper , and have had it for about seven years . For some reason , even after inserting new rechargable batteries , it will not hold a charge for long . I decided to replace it with a non-battery Yankee Whipper . The reviews appeared to be good and said it was pretty much squirrel proof . Our local squirrels figured it our in less than three minutes . If there is any way a squirrel can reach the feeder from a bush underneath the feeder , they can beat the system . They hang on by putting their front paws in two of the feeding holes and eat out of the third . I 've cut my bushes back , but it 's amazing how high these squirrels can jump . The Flipper would be the way for me to go if I had to order another one .
 Birds in my yard did not like this feeder at all . I think they found the perches uncomfortable , it was expensive and a huge waste of money for me .
 Very heavy and will not stand securely when filling ; also , sunflower seed falls out when birds feed and is on the ground , defeating purpose of swing away perches . Not recommended
 I own two Yankee Flippers , one Whipper and one Dipper . Droll Yankee does make quality products and stands behind their warranties but the only one that is squirrel proof , excluding red squirrels , is the Flipper.Whipper . It 's only squirrel resistant . Like the Dipper mentioned below the squirrels do the same gymnastics but they had this one solved in 1 day versus a week . Why is it easier for them to solve , simply because the perches are curved and so even when the perches are turned fully downward that some of the perch still horizontally juts out from the base and is just enough for their paws to grab . If you 're debating just between the Dipper and Whipper I would recommend the Whipper because it holds some of the heavier birds and is easier for cardinals because of the curved perch.Dipper . It 's only squirrel resistant . It took the squirrels about one week before they were hanging on the feeder . My feeders are on a cable between two trees about 20 feet apart and the bottom of the feeders are about 6 feet from the ground . What they would do is walk out on the cable , slide down to the top of the feeder and hang their self over as far as possible from the top , then let go , and as they slide past the perches and feeding holes they put their paws into the feeder holes and hang there and eat . It 's the more mature squirrels that do it best but it even takes them 6 or 7 tries before they finally succeed grabbing the holes as they slide by . The Dipper is not for you if you 're feeding the heavier birds . Although it is very well built we had flocks of grackles migrate through for about a 2 or 3 week duration and they literally wore out some of the perches . Because of their weight , they need to flap their wings to stay on causing the perches to constantly go up and down thus wearing out the cable inside the perch . It was replaced under the warranty.Flipper . It works really great and I had used them for about three years but they have one major flaw . Both my motor/battery sticks failed to hold a charge towards the end of the third year . The major problem is that you can not go out and replace the batteries yourself and so you have to buy the motor/battery stick that costs $ 39 plus $ 10 shipping . In essence , plan on paying $ 50 for the motor/battery stick every 3 years . You have no other option . Yankee should redesign the motor/battery stick so an individual could purchase `` C '' size rechargeable batteries locally and manually insert them . I refuse to pay the $ 50 every 3 years and so I purchased Whipper and Dipper bases as replacements since the bottoms of these feeders are interchangeable.I solved my problem by `` squirrel proofing '' the cable by stinging empty 2-liter plastic bottles through the cable and now can hang any bird feeder .
 I purchased this a year ago on 10/20/09 . I gave it to my brother in Hawaii for his B-Day , he said it is in shreds . It does n't hold up to wind and sun , although it states that it is durable , long lasting . Disappointed that it only lasted a year outdoors .
 I 'm working as a carpenter and I used the gloves for a week now and they have started to come apart.I do n't think the label `` build tough '' printed on this product applies to it !
 I ca n't believe these gloves . After one day of working the finger tips tore . I 've purchased $ 5.00 gloves in the past that have lasted longer than these . If you have to use your fingers alot while working these gloves are n't for you . I 'm hoping the manufacturer will send replacements . These were n't expensive in any way but I 'd at least like a product to last more than a week . As for warmth and comfort they 'd get a three star .
 Tough , cold weather ? Huh ? Maybe if you live in southern California . I am surprised these gloves are marketed this way . Whatever happened to truth in advertising ... and Dewalt should be ashamed .
 I would like to know how many pieces comes with this product before ordering ? Origin Point 060323 Magnolia Classic Decorative Steel Landscape Border Fence .
 While this flag looks very nice it is unfortunately the wrong color of red . It is the Red color the team was using a few years ago . It is more of a maroon red than the forty niner red . It is the color they changed to a few years ago during the time when the owners were destroying the team . Fortunately the red color was brought back a couple years ago . This flag must be left over from a few years ago . It is going back . I want no part of the losing era colors .
 I bought this flag from &#34; The Fan Nut &#34; and it was n't even the right flag it does n't look like the pic so DON &#34; T BUY IT if you are wanting it to look like this one ! I contacted the seller and he said that the one he sent me was different because his supplier must have changed the design and did n't let them know so the one he sent me is all they have . The quality of the flag is very poor . It looks very CHEAP and very old . The one they send you is a bright red , white , and gold it looks like their old school colors . I 'm all for throw backs but I do n't like this one like I said before it looks Cheap ! If it was up to me I would n't have gave them any stars but that was n't even a option so that is why they got 1star . However they were good on sending it I recieved it fast just not the one I purchased . I would not recommend this product to anyone and if you do purchase it then you will see exactly what I 'm talking about and wish that you did n't buy it so save your money !!!!
 1 . It 's very small if you 're trying to ` flag ' big windows like our floor to ceiling ones in the carport or even out big living room ones .2 . One of the set we bought came unstuck and is peeling off , after a couple of weeks .3 . Good idea , but needs to be in alternative sizes and better stickum .4 . We have found hanging 2 ' 6 '' of 1.5 '' wide colored ribbon from one end , works well out in the carport , which is open at the other end . But we miss the old hawk silhouettes that used to be on the market .
 After reading the glowing reviews here , I purchased several of these as gifts . When they arrived , though , the handle was already broken off of one of them . Upon closer inspection , the black you see on the outside of the case is a thin plastic that 's glued -LRB- poorly -RRB- to the actual case . It was bubbling and peeling off , so I decided to return the whole lot . It just did n't look like quality `` gift '' material from the outside . I ca n't speak to the tools themselves , though . If you ditch the case , the tools may be quite nice as other reviewers have suggested .
 I got this for my father for Fathers Day and when he opened , one of the handles of the skewers was already broken off . We used them for the 4th of July for the first time and alllll of the skewers handles just fell apart . All of the handles are built the same way , so they all fell apart as soon as they went anywhere near heat.Also , the corn holders all fell apart IN the corn . Someone could have stabbed their mouth on it ! We will be returning this ASAP for all of our money back , and probably never buying anything again from Mr. BBQ .
 Arrived fast but damaged . The pieces on the inside were not very secure . The corn holders were bent , especially the small ones . The case was damaged and I just was not pleased . This is probably the only thing I have ever bought from amazon that was messed up .
 The box was shipped with no padding , so the spiffy case was all bent out of shape . The whole idea of getting this set is having a nice , neat place to put your BBQ utensils . Now I have a beat-up piece of crap where I can store my nice utensils .
 Looks like the company wrote themselves some reviews . Anyone who buys this crap will know what the truth is in a heart beat .
 The flag that was sent had `` son in service '' imprinted on the flag , not the flag that was represented in the picture . I would rather have the simple flag . Not worth the price of postage to return , but very disappointed in the advertising .
 Product of good quality however birds fly into the window and do not have room to perch on the feeder . Not the greatest.D Hartman
 This feeder seems to be well made and really sticks securely to the window . However , only two birds at a time can eat from it . I bought good seed to attract cardinals and other colorful song birds . For several days , no birds came at all . Nothing but some kind of brown birds ever came around and then only lit on it and flew off without eating .
 I bought this because we have two cardinals -LRB- and some pigeons -RRB- that regularly come to our apartment windowsill to eat . We love the cardinals but could do without the pigeons , so we decided a window bird feeder would do the trick . I bought this brand based on the great reviews , some of which said cardinals used it . I have had it up for months and NO birds use it . But the main problem is , even if they wanted to , cardinals are much too big to land on this thing -LRB- do n't know where they got the image from ! Must be a miniature cardinal -RRB- . Otherwise , it is good quality , attractive and is solidly attached to the glass , which is great . It is perfect for finches and very small birds , but if you are looking to feed cardinals , forget it . And if anyone knows of a good-size window-attachable bird feeder for CARDINALS , please respond !
 It seems that as soon as the temp changes at all , this thing falls off . We tried rubbing our hand oils on it , wetting it , everything . No luck . It never stayed up for more than a week ... :-LRB- .
 Incredibly fast shipping and great packing . I just received this flag and was disappointed with it 's quality . Extremely lightweight materials . Graphics are unacceptable as they are not crisp and sharp . If you absolutely must purchase this flag it would appropriate for hanging on a wall indoors ONLY . Any wrinkles or folds are mitigated with a quick ironing .
 Cant ' t fly it outside otherwise immediately fray and require a purchase of yet another flag . My fault - it should be nylon
 After only a few months of infrequent use -LRB- once or twice per month -RRB- , the tabs that hold down the pump handle broke off from the pressure in the tank . The tabs are designed to hold down the pump handle when it is not being used to pressurize the tank , but the tank pressure puts pressure on the tabs and they break off easily . Very disappointing , as I was expecting to get many years of service . Parts are difficult and expensive to get from manufacturer . I will buy a different sprayer next time .
 After only a few months of service 3-1-2010 with this product I am unable to maintain pressure because of a leak on the fitting attached to the hose .
 The wooden part broke the 3rd time it was used by someone weighing 168 pounds .
 wanted to love this itemworks well for birdsbut the squirels are bold and once used to it they do n't flinchtried to protect some peach trees from squirrel invasionif you have the right location -LRB- closed off area , etc -RRB- it might work well and meet your needsbut in an open yard it doens ' t do well , tried adjusting the sensitivity projection height , etc. but no luck
 OK , so I have problems with a stray cat using my vegetable garden as a litter box . I have tried a whole bunch of different detterent methods . This was a last resort due to the cost . The sensor works well and I think it could easily do a great job , if it did n't leak at the hose connection . I think If I buy a new hose and epoxy it in place it might work . I might just do that anyway , because you have to pull it out of the ground to take the hose off it anyway . Which brings me to my next gripe . The female connection for the hose on the stake does not have a turnable piece like the end of your hose does . This means that to screw in the hose you have to either turn your hose , or the sprinkler . Neither of these options works well , and to all they would need to do is put a 2cent piece of plastic on the end . Oh well . To sum up the motion sensor works as advertised , but it leaks like crazy . If you do n't mind your yard flooding while you use it , then great .
 I have had raccoons frequenting my backyard and deck for the summer ; feasting on a neighbor 's fruit trees . Normally I would not care , except that they have taken to my deck for their ... ah ... ` excretory ' purposes ... What I tried : - motion detector light ... they did not care - Ground up habanero peppers in corn oil , sprayed on the deck and surrounding vegetation ... nope , no change - Scarecrow sprinkler ... I did notice a lower level of ` activity ' , but it did not deter them completely.The Scarecrow seems to be tempermental about the amount of motion it needs to set off the sprinkler , but I think that is a function of the remaining power of the battery ; I have had the Scarecrow for about 2 months , and have gone through 3 9V batteries.I do like the concept , but am not sure the Scarecrow is up to task ... perhaps I need to cut down my neighbors fruit trees ...
 Nice idea , but right from the first day , even with fresh batteries , I 'd go out at night to test it with my hand , and it would not trigger , regardless of the sensitivity . During the day it worked just fine . I 'm near Los Angeles , so the weather is not an issue . I bought it months ago , and only opened it this week , so I ca n't return it . Make sure you test yours right away .
 I utilized the Scarecrow to keep my dog out of a rock garden area . Unless the dog is exactly in front of the unit and moving across , it does not activate . Even when her wagging tail is in front of the unit it does not activate . The degree of activation should be in the 45 degree range rather than in the 10 degree range . I have quit using it as it does not help .
 Brought the electronic scarecrow just for the purpose of getting rid of blue herons , eating our pond fish . Worked for a while but the birds are just to smart . Tryed every way to get the product to work but it failed to protect the pond . Its a waste of money for the blue herons , save your money and use fishing line around your pond to keep the fish save from these birds .
 I had tried everything to deter raccoons from digging up my new sod lawn . I had heard that this product might do the trick because raccoons do not like to get soaked . However , after several nights of having the motion detector on the raccoons still consistently showed up and dug up my lawn . The lawn was soaked in the morning so I knew that the motion detector was working , but the raccoons just did n't seem to care . When they are hungry , nothing stops them . I can not recommend this product for raccoons .
 The motion sensor simply does n't detect small critters like squirrels unless they come within 6-8 feet which for an average garden is useless . I really wanted this to work .
 A waste of my money . It will go off if a car or person passes by , but wo n't go off if cats or squirrels come near it and that was what I thought it would do .
 New battery installed , worked great for 24 hours then nothing . I expect it got hot in the direct sun ? We asked for a refund , will look for a different product .
 I bought this thing on the selling point that it would help deter pests from my garden ... There is NO WAY this thing should have 5 stars . First off my complaints ... 1 -RRB- The only pest it truly deters is humans . Yes it can protect your garden from human interference just do n't expect it to turn on when it sees squirrels , rabbits , groundhogs , birds or anything else that really damages your crops .2 -RRB- The range it works at is really about half of what is advertised . It has to be very close to your garden to even see big objects move . And this means it 's viewing angle is greatly reduced .3 -RRB- If this is to be placed in your yard and you ever want to mow the grass you will have to unscrew the hose -LRB- while the device is in the ground this is n't as easy as it would seem -RRB- Ok now the things I like about it .1 -RRB- It deters humans ! When people go check out my garden they get hit with a water bath . It 's quite amusing.that 's itAs a novelty this thing is really cool . You could use it for all kinds of applications . To keep kids off your lawn , or at least a small patch of it . To spray people who pull into your driveway . . etc use your imagination . But as a device to help guard your garden . Get real this thing does not work as advertised in that respect at all . Only buy this if you want a toy . Not a tool
 I ordered this device in hopes that it would help me with an infestation of rabbits . It is a dismal failure . Although the sensor will activate when my neighbor across the street opens his garage door , it will not &#34; see &#34; multiple rabbits within ten feet . Maximum sensitivity setting has no effect whatsoever . I wish I could get my money back , as I can ill-afford the waste .
 We have a bunny rabbit problem ... so bad that they are eating the grass down to the dirt ... I was so excited to get the Scarecrow thinking this was going to solve the problem . The first item worked for about a week , it abrubtly stopped sensing ... I called the company and went through all the trouble shooting steps -LRB- change battery ect . -RRB- with no result . Customer service was great , after hearing that nothing worked they sent out a new one immediately . I did n't even need to hassle sending the other one back . The new one worked for about the same amount of time , this time I knew what to do with trouble shooting , again nothing worked . The customer service again was great , they called Amazon , which I purchased it through , to help facilitate a refund . The problem is that amazon has a time sensitive issue with returns , if I had returned the first one when it stopped working I would have gotton a full refund . Unfortunately because I took the time to go through Contech , by the time the second one was deemed &#34; not working &#34; , the return window had closed . I am returning the item to Amazon , they are going to consider the situation and make a decision on the refund . Not really fair as I had tried in good faith to give the company a second chance to rectify , now because of lost time I might lose some of my refund ... on items that just do n't work ... in the mean time my grass is looking worse and worse ...
 We have used scarecrows to protect our flower beds from deer for many years and recently bought two from Amazon to replace the old ones that wore out . The new scarecrows leak and the leaks are coming from the scarecrows , not from the hoses . Should we return them ? Is there a warranty ? Has anyone else had this problem ? Please send suggestions !
 Maybe this product is effective with deer , dogs or other enemies of the lawn , but rabbits just laugh at it . On Saturdays they actually seem attracted to it ... maybe because it 's bath day . It does a great job scaring the cheese out of neighbors walking thier dogs and when aimed towards the street the Scarecrow never fails to go off with every passing car , even set at halfway . But even at full sensitivity it 's more likely to react to the wind than a rabbit dancing a couple of feet in front of it . If you 're trying to shoo away rabbits , save your carrots . The Scarecrow is worthless .
 Not very pleased with my purchase . First of all I was very surprised when it arrived and was about 16 '' long after assembly . Pictures were very deceiving . It 's motion sensing function and range is good as is the sprinkler head design . It 's construction is very flimsy and continues to leak constantly which creates a puddlling problem wherever you place it in the garden .
 Sprinkler thing worked great for a week . Then quit . I still have to call the manufacturer . But kind of disappointing .
 Flimsy and does n't stay adjusted.Once you set the sensitivity , you never know when it 's going to come on . Save your money .
 Motion activated sprinkler worked great for three weeks , then it would only activate when you stood with a foot of it and finally stopped working all together.I would not waste my money on this product .
 We live a few miles from a place called Deer Park . Our deer are plentiful and have the look of annoyance if I start to chase them out of our yard . These deer can strike our gardens for their favorate goodies at any time , but are most active after dark . Recently on several occasions they have eaten plants guarded by these Scarecrows during the night . The batteries were new and some of the plants were right in front of the device . The device was on the top setting of 9 ! My wife , animal lover deluxe , was worried when we got these devices that they would scare our timid dog -LRB- who has no interest in the deer -RRB- . The first thing our dog did when I installed them was to think it was a neat drinking fountain . The dog runs through them all day long with no worry . Thus I doubt these devices would necessarily scare a neighbor 's dog.I tend to set the sensitivity on them to 6 or 7 during the day and 9 -LRB- highest -RRB- at night . I found at much lower than that they do n't go off reliably . A wind of 5 or 6 miles per hour can have them running all day . I doubt you lose much water in this case , but it does wear down the battery . They seem to perform best when the batteries are fresh.While I did not factor it into the rating , we are in an area where the temperature dips very low at night and frosts are relatively common through Memorial Day . In freezing weather the shafts tended to crack and once they thawed water runs perpetually . With pipe insulation these units tended to withstand a few hours freezing temperature down to 27 degrees . As indicated on the instructions using a water based product in freezing temperatures is not advisable.Originally I was planning on buying 9 of these units to construct a perimeter based defence around a 75 foot square low fenced in area . I bought 3 as a test and feel the units are better used to guard actual plant you want to protect.Our best luck against the deer to date was our deceased Rottweiler who regularly patroled the property . We have not had much luck with deer spray and are in the process of protecting the plants with wire barriers .
 This unit works fine as long as you can not leave the hose unattended -LRB- at night for example -RRB- . I have gone through six -LRB- 6 -RRB- garden hoses that either leaked at the connectors or the hose itself burst . The instructions that came with each hose stated `` Warning
 great idea but it broke after just one week it needs improved quality . worked on the deer for the week , then would not sense any movement at all
 DOES NOT ALWAYS WORK / AS ADVERTISEDWILL ACTIVATE WITH LARGE OBJECTS ... SOMETIMESDOES NOT APPEAR TO WORK FOR BIRDS OR SMALLER ANIMALSLARGE & SLOW MOVING ONLYDO NOT SUGEST PURCHASE
 had high hopes for this as a cat deterrent . . but after 2 days of hearing and seeing it go on/off i was dissapointed.I would sit there watching it go ON but no animals or anything around my yard?Then i would wave a broom in front of it ... and NOTHING ... usually.Not sure why it had a mind of its own , i was very hopeful but dissapointed.I would have given it a 1-star , but Amazon had it for almost 1/2 the cost of Homedepot and other web sites and the return policy seemed very user friendly so i bummped it up to 2-star for that reason alone.good luck with yours if you buy one.steve / N.California
 This looks like a well built sprinkler . It seems to work for a lot of people , but it did not work for me . The motion sensing was unreliable even at its most sensitive level . The squirrels were undeterred and they continue to plague my garden .
 I wanted this to work so bad . I even set up two . I fought with them all summer because as low as I could set them to keep them from going off all the time for nothing , the deer still ate my tomatoes . I can not afford to buy batteries at the rate it eats them up and even if I had a charger , just the work of dealing with it constantly makes it not usable for me . I think two fences five feet apart will be my only answer but I do n't know if growing a few veggies is really worth that . I may be good though for just teaching the neighborhood pets a lesson if that is your problem . The deer here in Paradise have found it to be their paradise so maybe my problem is just extreme , I do n't know .
 I am currently returning the second Scarecrow I got as a replacement after returning the first one for the same reason . You should probably heed the other warnings you read in these reviews about the very poor battery performance from this device.Note
 The first unit I received worked for about 2 days then it would not motion sense anything smaller than a car and the sensitivity adjustment did not seem to make a difference . I sent that one back and the second one I received seem to work fine but then it quit sensing all together . I tried changing batteries , resetting the unit and it would work for a day or two then quit again . By the way , I tested the batteries I removed and they were still charged . Some times if you would shake the unit it would start working again , for a while . I sent this unit back as well , This time for a refund . I have noticed on other Items I purchased recently with motion sensors , that they to would work intermittently . Maybe China has a problem with electronics ?
 I have tried all settings and it goes off without any reason , if I set it at the lowest sensitivity , it wo n't go off at all . I have replaced the batteries twice , after only 9 days of use . A rip-off product in my opinion .
 With great hope and ignoring the negative reviews I bought 3 to deter my two jack russells from a favorite activity
 I bought two of these a couple of years ago and they have been awesome . I bought two more recently and they worked great for about a week and then gegan only working about 1 out of every 10 ten times something entered their path , including me walking by or my kids playing right in front of them . I changed batterys a number of times , cleaned out everything I could and nothing . Also these two new ones leak a lot . I get the leaks to stop and then within a day or two there is another leak . really disappointed .
 I have purchased two of the Scarecrows . The first one I bought and placed guarding my garden from a groundhog . It was doing a great job for a few weeks . I bought the second to cover the garden from two sides and would move them occasionally . I had to experiment with the water pressure to make sure both would go off . I the problem now is they have both stopped working . I have replaced the batteries , brought them in and cleaned them but still no luck.I 'm not sure if it is coincidence but we had a group of bad storms last week with lot of lightning and both of these units have not worked since then . When it worked it did the job . But both units bought a few weeks apart are not working .
 Sprinkler would not always activate by motion . When weather was above 90 sometimes it would turn on/off without any motion detected . The unit leaked water slowly . I returned for credit .
 Purchased 2 Scarecrows to keep herons and buzzards from sitting on the top of our lanai screen -LRB- Florida -RRB- and the buzzards from poking holes and pulling out the screening . Installed above the lanai . The wind sets off the sprinkler , but the birds just sit there -LRB- right in line with the sensor -RRB- and the sprinkler does n't go off . Changed angles and sensitivity , but had 4 herons on the lanai cage again this morning .
 I purchased the Scarecrow with the idea of scaring various critters filling my back yard with their piles . The motion sensor works as advertised ; no problems . The issue is the intelligence of the racoons , skunks , opossum as they seem to like the sudden burst of water and are not frightened much.I have no deer in my yard , too urban , so I ca n't comment on scaring deer.I called in a wildlife service and caught an opossum , skunk and racoon on successive days . It was costing me a fortune however , so I cancelled their service.I have concluded the Scarecrow will be great for attracting young children to play with next summer . It is worthless scaring away animals however ...
 The sensor just did not work . I used a new battery and hooked it up to the water hose , but it would not go , so I had to send it back but will try again .
 This could not detect anything in my raised bed garden unless I raised it . So I put it in the garden so it would be level but then it would n't detect at that distance , only further out . This would work in a large level area , but if your yard is not flat , I do n't think it would work . Sometimes would n't detect if you stood right in front of it . Unreliable . Need something to keep the cats away , but this wo n't work in my yard . It has to be far away from the area you are protecting to detect anything .
 I went through two of these units in two years . I still have a working unit -LRB- the caveat being a vital part that tends to fail -RRB- , but have decided to no longer use it.I like the concept of this Scarecrow . The idea of using water to chase away animals is a great idea in theory , if it works . But I ran into issues with the unit from a practical standpoint .1 . First , they are very easily set off by the breeze . That is a problem where I live , as during certain months it is windy . I had two choices
 I bought two of these and after using them for only a couple of weeks they both started leaking a lot . Plus , they did nothing to discourage the raccoons . Do n't waste your money .
 It worked X 1 week . Now the motion sensor does not work . It no longers opens the water jet , Despite of changing batteries . DNot sure what else do do other then opening it , but I am NOT an electrician , so I wo n't know what to look for .
 I purchased two of these and tried to hooked them up to my outdoor faucet and as soon as I turned it on it spewed water from the faucet and all the connection on the Scarecrow . I thought maybe it was that my water pressure was too high so I installed a water pressure reducer but it did nothing to stop the flow of water coming from every connection . I was also unable to return the product so they sit gathering dust .
 I bought this product to keep cats out of the vegetable garden . If you turn it to high sensitivity then it goes off when a car goes by , a tree limb blows in the breeze , etc. . If you turn it down so it does n't go off so easily , then it will not pick up an object as small as a cat . After try high , low , and all settings in between , I stopped using this product .
 I was having a problem with a groundhog that was loving some of my cabbage plants to death -LRB- literally -RRB- . He ate three to complete stumps in two days and was working on his next one when I got this in the mail.I anxiously set it up and learned much about it in the process . I see most of the people here praising it for getting rid of deer , and it may work well for that because they are large targets . It also does disturb smaller varmints but not in the way I expected.Thie product is very difficult to review because while it works somewhat , a 60 dollar product is not necessary for smaller , less intelligent and less numerous pests . It is probably great for an area infested with pests though , hundreds of deer or tons of groundhogs , but something much simpler could be used in your average garden setting.The idea of the product is cute and simple enough . It is a motion sensor attached to a sprinkler . If the Scarecrow sees anything that moves , it fires the sprinkler off for about five seconds . It then waits 8 seconds and repeats.The problem is that with smaller varmints , they can hide behind the plants , and when the Scarecrow is aimed low , every plant movement -LRB- breeze blowing a cucumber leaf -RRB- sets it off unless you turn the sensitivity down so far that it wo n't go even off with you dancing in front of it.When set to scare away smaller pests , this device falses constantly on plant movement and only sees the varmints if they are totally exposed in front of it , which rarely happens in my garden jungle . The motion sensor concept does n't work well because everything moves in the garden including the plants . It has a false detector that suppoesdly automatically shuts down the sensitivity if it is falsing too much . It does n't work well . We have watched the Scarecrow go off every 10 seconds for an hour non-stop with nothing in front of it but plants moving in a very light breeze.The good thing , and the dichotomy for me , is it appeared to get rid of the pest . We have not seen the groundhog since and my few cabbages left are doing OK . So for that , I wanted to give it a much better rating than I otherwise would . The sprinkler does appear to scare away most animals , but it cost me $ 60 to save $ 10 worth of cabbage.Cats , dogs , groundhogs , squirrels , rabbits , etc. appear to be driven away by it . And the battery has lasted several weeks . I just ca n't give it anything but one star because it does n't work the way it claims and is very expensive for the average Joe . The device works more like a random sprinkler shooting water at random time intervals depending on the breeze.A better product , and one that is actually affordable , would be one you set up that randomly fires a sprinkler every few minutes . It would be much cheaper and just as effective . You may be able to recreate it with a timing device that runs on a battery and a $ 7.00 sprinkler , or just a generic timed sprinkler you use when you notice a pest is bugging your plants . But if you have tons of deer , then this may be your only viable solution short of a major fence or wall.There is another reason the product is very annoying . You have to have it hooked up to the hose all the time . I have to have a hose reeled out across my lawn at all times to reach the garden from the water faucet on my house . It is in the way much of the time , so has to be moved about all the time for family gatherings , lawn mowing , kids want to play in yard etc. . But I did discover an alternate use !! Kids love running in front of the Scarecrow . :--RRB- OK , now would you pay $ 60 to entertain your kids ? OK , so sell it as that . Much more useful for that purpose.If marketed as a garden tool , the motion sensor should possibly be a heat sensor or something that can discern better between mammalian presence and a leaf in the wind . The sprinkler is little more than a cheap lawn sprinkler attachment . I am very torn in my rating because here is a device that basically did what I wanted it to do , scared away a varmint eating my plants . It has a major cool factor and is a fun conversation piece loved by the kids . But it falses constantly and is difficult to deal with unless you want to run an underground hose to it and it is expensive.I am giving it one star because it works , kind of , but it is not what it advertises itself to be . A motion sensor can not work in a dense garden for small animals.BUT YOUR KIDS WILL LOVE IT ! This would get 5 stars as a kids ' toy !! So maybe as a combinational use product it gets more stars ?
 This product , although nicely built , did not detect squirrels as they dangle on my pear tree only 10ft away . But , at the same time any leaf movement by a slight breeze was detected and trigered a `` false '' start on the unit , and this happened many many times in the course of an hour ; imagine the water wasted . If you have any vegetacion 10 , 15ft around the unit -LRB- trees , shrubs , vines , anything with leaves -RRB- do not bother buying this product . It does n't know the difference between a leaf and a `` critter '' .
 The connection for the hose was so cheap it never got a seal so just leaked when the water was turned on - rendering it pretty much unusable .
 I was pretty excited about this product . I have a small to medium size zen garden surrounded by bonsai shelves . Every morning I 'd find my grass and at least one of my potted plants or ground plants dug up and either walnuts or cat dookie in the hole -LRB- I live in Fresno , the feral cat capitol of the world . I think we need more Chinese restaurants . -RRB- What a nightmare ! I thought this product would be perfect to get those pests to do their business elsewhere - like anywhere in the other 1,000 sq feet of yard that has yet to be developed would be a good start.I will say this , since using this product , very few of my bonsai have been dug up . Though , I think that in this case correlation and causation are two different things . The first thing about the product that needs some work is that the adjustable size of the spray is not very adjustable . When placed all the way across my zen garden -LRB- about 35 ' -RRB- from my target area , it sprays hard and high enough to clear the fence and hit my neighbors bedroom window . I ca n't imagine they were happy about that , I thought as I heard their window slam shut upon my first tests . So I moved it to a less than ideal position , under their window and next to my main bonsai shelf . At least now , it is only spraying my own property . This product could certainly use some better adjustment settings.I recently bought a $ 10 rotary head sprinkler and it came with this very simple device attached to it that spins freely , allowing you to attach and detach a hose while the sprinkler is still staked into the ground . The Scarecrow did not come with this $ 0.50 part . This means that every time you want to adjust the hose -LRB- or remove it so you can enjoy your garden -RRB- , you have to take the entire unit out of the ground and then re-stake it to use again.Next , why ca n't you just turn the sprinkler `` on '' ? That would make good sense to me . Instead of having another sprinkler right next to this one that I use to water my grass , I should be able to just bypass the `` brain '' of the scarecrow and just turn it on ... or so logic would lead me to believe . No such luck.Finally , the sensitivity of the eye is all over the place . It 's obvious that it works based on shadows . My sprinkler has to face east or north east -LRB- see problem # 1 , above -RRB- . When I walk out in the morning , with the sun behind me , by the time I get about 40 ' away , it goes off . And this is with the sensitivity set at about 4-5 -LRB- of 10 -RRB- . Any higher and it just goes off randomly throughout the day , any time a leaf falls from a nearby tree . Now , in the afternoon , when the sun is behind the device , I can walk right up to it and dance a jig and it does n't go off . Those are some extremely inconsistent results . Just the other day , I went out to the garden and there were holes dug up in the grass 18 '' directly in front of the eye . If it 's not going to activate with a cat doing it 's business a foot and a half away , how is it ever going to protect the rest of my garden?This seems like a great product . I really think it is the best and most humane solution to cats and other animals destroying my garden . I have considered buying another one to protect my koi pond from egrets , but given the inconsistent results , I 'm not sure it would make any difference . I might try it again if some of the basic design flaws are addressed .
 Contech scarecrow is cheaply made . It leaks even after using teflon tape on the connections . The motion sensor to activate the sprinkler is not consistent . Often it activates when there is no motion and it does not operate when there is obvious movement in front . It 's possible , I may have a defective item . It 's been more than 30 days , therefore I am considering returning the product to the mfg for replacement .
 The good thing
 The scarecrow sprinkler 's watering mechanism is made of thin , delicate plastic . I broke it during testing , so now it is useless to me.I do not recommend this product.Why do n't manufacturers use metal parts ?
 This device only turns on roughly half the time a dog enters its scan area . After a few months the unit quit altogether . In its defense it did soak a few teenagers in the back yard at 2am on a cold night . I enjoyed that .
 I tried this product for several weeks to keep Raccoons from digging up our yard to look for grubs and no luck.They trip the spray mechanism , but do not really care if they get squirted or not.We have seen a reduction in pot holes in our yard as a result of this device , but not an eradication of potholes.May work for other types of animals , but can not recommend it for Raccoons .
 I am a little confused about how this ended up so well rated . I have now owned this for two years and pretty much just have to declare it utterly useless , oh and expensive . It just plain does n't work against squirrels or birds , which was my primary intention for it . One of the issues is that of course it has no way to tell if it is a critter climbing around or a branch is just being blown around in the wind . It has a sensitivity setting and if you turn it down so that it does not respond to a little wind then it will also not respond to a squirrel or a bird . Contrarily if you turn the sensitivity setting high it goes off A LOT and hence it can waste A LOT of water just because the wind is blowing a little . I literally just witnessed it go off a dozen times in a couple minutes because the wind is blowing a little and then a flock of birds moving in and using the water to bathe with while it just sat there and did nothing . Seriously , A FLOCK of birds though they were small birds I guess ... : -LRB- Why two stars ? Well it has gotten some serious laughs when I or some unsuspecting friend goes accidentally walking in front of it forgetting it is on , so I am giving it two stars for comical value . Also , I could see it working for larger animals like deer , monsters , etc.It 's too bad you ca n't override it and make it just a sprinkler because it does have some good range . Anyone know how to do this ?
 i purchaced a scarecrow from amazon the price was the lowest i could find we had a scarecrow prior to this one it lasted nearly 10 yrs we need it for racoons it doesnt take long for them to learn to stay away
 I was not pleased , the sprinkler head broke off within the first week . I bought two of these to deter cats from coming around the yard . No matter what the sensitivity setting was , they would go off with no provocation . When I would try to set them off deliberately , they did not want to function . I did not have success using this product , and can not recommend them to anyone else .
 Bought the scarecrow 3 wks ago ... NEVER worked right ... put my hand in front to test it ... sometimes it worked , sometimes it did n't ! Now , it does n't work at all . New battery put in . Want my money back & want to return this inferior product .
 An interesting concept that works on larger animals , but does n't seem to have the sensitivity to detect squirrels or chipmunks , my major antagonist . However , it does scare ME every time I forget it is armed and enter the garden !
 I purchased this item as we have dogs , one in paticular likes to dig especially in our new landscaping , which drives me NUTS!So after setting up the Scarecrow and pointing it in the area I wanted to protect I sat back & waited . The dogs ran right in front of it and nothing happened , so I tweeked the position some more , and then again . Finally I got to see just how a little water can be a huge deterant and I had to laugh out loud watching their little tails tuck & run . Unfortunately it sprays very randomly , most often when nothing is in front of it , only running down the battery and using up water . My plan was , that if this really fixed my issue , to attached additional units as the set-up allows another hose & unit to be attached to it and to protect more of my landscaping . Unfortunately I just have a very well watered section of landscaping and some new holes too as the Scarcrow is too inconsistant to really be worth the investment . The instructions say that it 's random spraying is supposed to reinforce the animal/s to stay away , but I hope that they perfect this product to conserve battery life and water , to go off when an animal is actually detected as this concept really is a great one . Needless to say I 'm not buying another unit .
 I bought one of these through Amazon to scare the neighbor cats away from my garden . I never could get it to work . I tried different batteries , settings , and anything else I could think of . I ended up shipping it back to Amazon and ordering another . The second one came and I got it to work for about a day . After that , I could n't get it to work again . I ended up putting bamboo stakes all over my garden to help with the cat problem . I would definitely not recommend this product .
 I was really excited to receive this item . I was looking for something to keep the wildlife out of my back yard . The only problem was that I could not get the sensor to work , so I returned it for a full refund .
 The actual unit worked perfectly but because it had no effects on raccoons I had to give it 2 stars . For other creatures it might work but the raccoons were not deterred .
 The unit works great when large subjects move by , even cars at 100 feet.But when a Jack Rabbit RUNS in front ... NOTHING!It has some value however in that it 's mere presents , and the fact that it goes off with any movement of a large subject probably is seen and heard by rabbits.I watched as a cotton tail hopped up to the scare crow and just stared at it for a couple of minutes .
 Pigeons and other large birds love to drink from our spa . Unfortunately they leave behind a huge mess . We thought the `` Scarecrow '' would be the perfect solution -- not so ! The birds fly to our spa without any problems . However , when we walk by at 20 to 30 feet away , the sensor is triggered and we get wet . I would like to know how the manufacturer got the `` Scarecrow '' to sense the birds ! It has no problem sensing children and adults .
 I used this item to deter groundhogs and deer from eating my garden . It definitely worked at deterring animals ; for a period of time . It did n't make it through an entire season . Once , mid day , the pressure build up ruptured a new hose and flooded my back patio . A month later the head blew off , and the yard flooded . Also , if you like to sleep with the windows open , it does make quite a bit of noise when triggered .
 The Scarecrow device seemed to work at first when trying to scare away a group of four raccoons who are systemically tearing up my sod lawn looking for grubs . But raccoons are smart and they seem to have become acclimated to the device . I move the device around but it only sporadically works . I have tried other devices and they are even worse . I will have to have one of my lawns completely replaced and possibly use some form of netting instead . I wish the scarecrow had more ways to control the spray so it did n't shoot so high . Possibly I should buy more scarecrows but am leery of how long that will work , given how smart raccoons are . If I had known how much damage raccoons can do to a lawn I would not have gone that route but used other types of landscaping . One other problem is that the force of the spray gradually knocks the device out of the ground if it goes off too often .
 This scarcrow is a GREAT concept . but does not perform as advertised . after about one hour of sitting idle you need to wave your hand 2 inches from the sensor to get it to fire off . After that it will work like a charm until it falls back to sleep . unless the animal rubs right against it , it will not wake up and do its job .
 This product does what it claims to , to a first approximation , but the motion sensor is very stupid . Towards the aggressive end of its sensitivity adjustment it goes off repeatedly into wind or when the pattern of shadows changes fast -LRB- perhaps the sun comes out from behind a cloud -RRB- , but on the same setting it will let deer mosey to within one meter , straight ahead , before it will turn on . If the area you have to protect is tiny -LRB- a few square meters -RRB- then it 's great . Deer jump a mile high when they 're standing so close . But for larger areas it is nigh-useless .
 We received our scarecrow and when it did n't work , we sent an email to the company . This was answered by a canned statement that the product must be dirty and we should clean it . When we called the company they took us through a series of `` tests '' to check for dirt , again . Even though I told them that it had not been used so how could it be dirty . They finallly agreed to send a new product , which we have not received as yet . I would not buy from this company again .
 This product did not even last functioning properly for 2 weeks . The sensitivity of the product varied from day to day . Then it just stopped working altogether . DO NOT BUY this product
 I bought this item to keep the neighborhood cats out of my back yard , but unfortunately it was hit or miss if the sprinkler ever went off . When I was testing it , it really only seemed to shoot out water 1 out of 5 times of motion activity , and it did n't seem to work with smaller animals . Great concept , just wish it was a little more accurate .
 Purchased this item to keep birds off the newly seeded lawn . It does n't work . Even on the highest sensitivity setting , they 're too small . Neither does it work for squirrels . Strong winds however set it off beautifully ... but it did n't make the wind stop ! Probably good to keep larger animals off , because I got soaked when I forgot it was on and walked in front of it .
 It is 2:20 AM as I write this after just having had to repatch my lawn AGAIN after the Scarecrow once AGAIN DID NOT WORK ! I have new sod lawn which a family of five raccoons have been tearing up and turning over every few nights for two weeks . I hear the Scarecrow go off and look outside
 I purchased this for my front yard to keep cats from using my yard as their personal toilet . Although I have set the setting as low as possible , it continues to trigger the sensor even when a car drives past ... still trying to work on the right location .
 After seeing one of the customer pictures , I assumed this product would be very good for solving my unique problem . Every Sunday after mass , the Pope sneaks into my backyard and goes to town on all my plants . Normally I have to spend the whole night awake with a shotgun and a floodlight to keep him away , which naturally makes work difficult on Mondays . Having seen that this product is an effective scarePope based on customer pictures , I immediately made the purchase , hoping that my worries would be over . When I woke up Monday morning , lo and behold all my rhododendrons were missing . Also , garden slugs ate my tomatoes . This is entirely unrelated , but I 'm mad about it anyway .
 I bought this off of Amazon site , paid extra for quicker shipping , unit arrives , follow direction carefully for setting up . Installed and turned on water . Water starts coming out of sprinker head as soon as you turn it on . Motion sensor seems to work fine , sprinker shoots water when sensor activated , but after 3 second burst , water is still pouring out of sprinkler head , it never stops , even when sensor set to 0 and shut off , water still pours out of sprinkler head . The water shut off valve that the sensor controls does not shut off all the way , whether the unit is on , off , battery pulled out , water still pours out the sprinkler head . Very disappointed , after spending xtra $ $ in shipping . Is n't there any Quality Control , this is an obvious problem that would have been caught had it went throught quality control . I will be posting on every board I can find for this product .
 The Contech Scarecrow is made of plastic almost entirely.It worked great for 8 to 10 weeks but the summer sun destroyed it.I ordered another one because it does keep animals off the lawn.Now that summer is over the new one might last a while longer .
 Product just wo n't spray rabbits . Spent the last week moving the Scarecrow to different areas of the lawn , changing the angle is was inserted in , playing around with different sensitivity levels and all for naught . It just wo n't pick up the presence of anything as small as a rabbit . Every morning I went out and there were fresh piles of rabbit droppings all within the range of the Scarecrow . Disappointing , since I really wanted this to work!For critters larger than a rabbit , it probably would work fine so I am giving it two stars instead of one.We did manage to spray a few guests as they came up the sidewalk to our front door though .
 The information on the product indicated that it would work with cats . There was even a photo of a cat . The directions stated that it has difficulty with small animals . During testing , a cat walked close by with no results . Also , the website photo showed a foot petal to help drive it into the ground . The product has no foot petal , making it very difficult to drive it into the ground . The sprayer needs to be driven deep to stay up during the spraying , due to its force . I decided to get a refund .
 Made of cheap plastic . I can see this thing breaking very easily . It works on large animals and me for the most part . Kind of a pain in having to dodge this thing to get to the controls every time I want to go into the yard . Have to remember to turn it on every night or risk blowing up the garden hose if left on in the hot sun every day.Watched rabbit walk right by the thing without it going off . Also went off a lot with nothing around.Decided to try liquid fence instead . My Mom swears by the stuff .
 It works , but the hose housing is really cheap plastic that leaks and is easy to break .
 I bought this item and it worked for about an hour . After that the valve shut off about a half a second of duration which made the scarecrow just spurt a stream of water when it detected motion . Contacted contech 's support
 The people who complained about this product said that the animal remained dry but the human got soaked . This proved true in my case . I was blasted with water while trying to properly adjust the trigger . The dog , however , never did set the unit off . Amazon did take the product back with no questions asked .
 I am having a Heron issue with eating my KOI . I purchased the following : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Two Contech Electronics Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler #CRO 101 -LRB- 2 -RRB- One Owl with a rotating head -LRB- 3 -RRB- One Great Blue Heron DecoySave your money and just build yourself a net to put over your KOI pond.I know this review is asking about the Contech Electronics Scarecrow Motion-Activated Sprinkler #CRO 101 so here it is.I purchased two scarecrow 's and it cost me $ 160.00 which included shipping and do n't forget handling charges . They work really well , every time I cut the grass , or go to the mailbox I get sprayed ... . but as far as the heron , it does not scare the Heron at all . I have seen the Heron fly on the fence , wait for the sprinkler to go off , then fly down get a Koi and fly off . While the Heron flew off , then the sprinkler came on again.I hope you listen to this review and do n't waste your money !!! They do make cute yard ornaments !!
 I eagerly anticipated scaring off the critters that made a nightly -LRB- and daily -RRB- smorgasboard of our garden . Instead , what I got was a flooded garden . Just about anything moving will set this device off , and our garden is fairly close to the edge of the woods . When there is a breeze , plants move around ... and the sprinkler is set off.I adjusted the senstivity to the point where it did n't work any more , and the bottom line is I was unable to get any decent performance.Save your money . I assume all the other people who bought this and used it successfuly use it in a very sheltered environment .
 The scarecrow works . That is it works under ideal circumstances . We have a lot of landscaping and wind trips it too easy . It trips so much -LRB- when no animal is nearby -RRB- that the batteries run down and it is useless when it is needed . If you have an open area that you 're wanting to protect it probably will work fine . However , if you have a lot of landscaping that you are wanting to keep dogs , cats and chickens out of , you may find it to be a disappointment .
 I purchased this to keep an invasion of stray cats into my yard at bay . It worked well the first month . However , even with new batteries this item is losing its sensitivity , even set at maximum . The strays are returning .
 The unit does it what is supposed to do , scares deers when the it works - but the main problem that batteries die in less than 2 days -LRB- brand new 9V Duracells -RRB- . I would assume that a battery would last a bit longer .
 Despite calling Contech for help and many hours adjusting and testing the scarecrows , I could never get either of the 2 to work properly . They would activate only on rare occasions . I am waiting for a refund from Amazon .
 This product did not work for us . It would come on when nothing was near . . -LRB- okay to water flowerbeds but rather expensive for that -RRB- . . but did not deter the pesty neighbour dogs from leaving nasty piles next to the sprinkler . Would NOT purchase another .
 I had high hopes based on all the user ratings for this product , but am sorely disappointed . We live in a hillside community near the ocean with sloped terraces between rows of homes from the bottom of the hill up past our home . There are `` common areas '' between these rows that are heavily planted with low brush and native plants . Of course , these are excellent homes for many creatures including a large number of rabbits . As with many areas , the predators that would have kept the rabbits in check -LRB- coyotes mainly -RRB- are not welcome.So I bought 3 scarecrows , lined them across the backyard in `` firezones '' facing the slope behind us that host these critters . Unfortunately , these devices do not seem to sense the rabbits at all . of course I have used all the settings up through `` 9 '' - this makes them go off randomly from the wind , or sun light or my wife accidentally walking in front of them , but not when a rabbit casually walks in front to eat my brides precious flowers , bulbs and plantings.More annoying - the rabbits seem to like the brief shower if one of the , by purest accident , goes off while one is in range . The only upside is that the failure of these devices is giving more weight to my lobbying for a super-sniper pellet rifle solution . That may be frowned upon by the Homeowners Association , so I 'll probably have to become a night stalker . This one looks promising :[ ... -RSB-
 I 've been trying to keep cats out of my yard . This did n't do it . It sprays my bushes when a breeze moves them , but it does n't detect the cats at all . I would suggest you not waste your money .
 It does not deter deer . Within a day or two they are back eating your plants . Even two of the units directed on the area did not keep them away . They apparently get used to it and it does not bother them . I am now trying chemical deterrents -LRB- rotten egg and hot pepper based -RRB- .
 Great idea , but I have done everything from purchasing a new hose , to putting in rubber rings to even putting plumbers tape around the item to stop the water from spurting out . I have not been able to use the product because you have to leave the hose on and over the course of time gallons of water will leak out . Who has a fix for this ? UGH !!!
 The first one of these we tried , to scare away amimals digging up a lawn , was impossible to adjust . If you set it sensitive enough to trigger when a small animal approached , it would also trigger every time a bird flew by , and at random times throughout the day and night . -LRB- maybe defective , we are ordering another -RRB- Also you have to have a hose connecting to this and it will be sitting in the sun with full pressure 24/7 . I used the best hose I could find and it eventually exploded and ran for 8 hours.Luckily no serious damage , just thousands of gallons wasted.Great idea , but I would say `` back to the drawing board '' .
 I purchased the scarecrow hoping it would keep my chickens out of my garden . Either it does n't see them or they just do n't care . I imagine it could work for dogs or cats . I certainly got soaked several times trying to adjust the thing . The spray also malfunctioned and just made a serious little flood . I found the tiny piece that had shot itself out of the sprinkler head and corrected this but if I had n't it 's life span would have been about a week . I ended up just clipping chicken wings which seemed to have worked . duuuh . wish I would have thought of that sooner before the $ 60.00 sprinkler . I would still try this again for other problem critters .
 I have a pond and have had problems during the spring with cranes and raccoons . Cats , well , they may frighten off at first , but I have witnessed birds , cats , coons , all just standing in the full force spray of the water taking a `` shower '' . I still keep it connected , as it helps keep the plants watered all day long , but as a deterant to critters , poor .
 We 've used it for about 2 months now . It seemed that it might have helped a bit with the Racoon issues we have . Sensitivity adjustment works , but trying to figure out the proper setting is tricky . Wind blowing things around can set it off . Had to tighten the hose at the bottom once . Looks like the vibration caused it to loosen up . Most dissapointing is that the battery went dead once already . If we end up having to replace the battery every 1 + month , that seems exessive ...
 This product although appeared nice did not work to scare away ducks in and around my pool . The sprinkler did n't work consistently and the ducks did n't mind the shower it gave them . Nice looking unit but did n't work for my application .
 I installed the product and did not have trouble getting it to work initially.After a while , it seemed like it lost sensitivity and needed to be reset . It had stopped responding to motion . I reset it and reconfigured it , and it worked again.It seems like I have to go fiddle with it periodically for it to work correctly , which is n't great . But , it 's a pretty inexpensive device so I guess I got what I paid for.Pros
 It works great when I walk by it . No matter where I placed it or what settings , the ducks in our swimming pool play and frolic right in front of it and absolutely NEVER does it activate .
 the purchase of Contech cro101 scarecrow Motion Activated Sprinkler worked just 5 days . I changed the battery , resseted and still did not work . I do not recomend this product .
 I bought this item to keep the raccoons off my lawn at night , they are wrecking it . I should have listened when one reviewer said it is worthless because it shoots the stream of water way too high , and the height adjustment is worthless . It might work for giraffes or 7 ' bigfoots , but is totally worthless for an animal as short as a raccoon . I removed the sprinkler from the top and heated a 2 '' x 3/4 '' plastic nipple with couplings on the ends to keep them from de-forming , and bent it on about a 30 degree bend , and installed this on the bottom of the sprinkler to aim it down some . This helps some , but now the spray has an arc to it , so it sprays a little higher at both ends of the pattern . It 's better than it was by quite a bit , but is not perfect . Needs to be engineered so the fitting where the water comes out is not aimed so high , or better yet is adjustable . I would n't buy one , unless you want to do some home engineering work on it.Update
 Complete and totally useless . Has not scared a deer away yet . It 's nothing else but a cheap lawn sprinkler with a mickey mouse motion detector . A waste of money , in short
 The product leaked ALL THE TIME.It did not reach far enough in both directions , which left lots ofroom for cats to roam!This product was not for us .
 The scarecrow does not even come close to the pictures shown . The sensor is weak , does not detect unless you get right up on it ; the pressure is not near as strong as what is in the picture and the distance is also very weak . I came home from work and there was a pile of dog poop 4 feet from the scarecrow . I feel I was ripped off . Do n't waste your money .
 Three of these going off one day as we drove up on the driveway to see three dear munching under their spray
 neighborhood cats using our backyard as a bathroom.I found it worked reliably when I tested it with my body , cars driving by on the street and people walking by on the sidewalk . -LRB- all depending on how high the sensitivity dial was set -RRB- it seems the cats gave it trouble in that it never saw them.forcing the plastic &#34; sticks &#34; into the ground made me worried Id break the units.i made stands for the 2 units i bought so I could easily move/adjust placement during testing and usage.stands consisted of 24 &#34; length of wood 4 &#34; x4 &#34; mounted to a 2 &#34; thick , 12 &#34; x 12 &#34; base using 4 &#34; wood screws -LRB- 3 each -RRB- . once the wood was screwed together , I drilled a 4 &#34; deep cross pattern into the top end of the 4 &#34; x4 &#34; . the plastic &#34; sticks &#34; were then forced into the cross holes and tapped in with a rubber mallet.i then screwed the top of the sprinkler to the sticks and connected the hose.the mounts tended to lean back a couple inches when water shot out , so I adjusted the arc of the sprinklers where needed.I have given up trying to use these and can not recommend them to anyone.I have cannibalized one of the motion sensors to be used for halloween to trigger a ghost on a pulley system , so its not a complete wasted purchase.I would not buy more knowing what I know now .
 It worked for a week , then started shooting in one direction -LRB- the settings are correct -RRB- , then just stopped working at all :--LRB- Very disappointed !!
 Worked fine in summer of 2010 , but can not get it to work in 2011 . Can not get it to work . Disappointed !
 Got this scarecrow to scare ducks and geese away . The ducks can land within 15 ft and the damn thing does n't go off . When I run to chase them awat it squirts me . Real nice .
 I was trying to protect my grape vines from Raccoons . My grapes are on an arbor at roof height of my garage . The raccoons cross the roof to get to the vines . I put the scarecrow on the roof to scare the raccoons away . It worked for 3 day and then the raccoons figured it out . They decided that getting a little wet was not a problem . We do live in a very rainy area . There was nothing I could do once the figured it out . I tried additional units and moving them around . I finally gave up and let them eat my grapes .
 This product never worked right out of the box . I had to return it to Amazon.com , have not received a refund or acknowledgement yet that they will refund.This is a great idea but obviously design or quality is lacking . Still have the problem of cats using my lawn as a cat box .
 Great idea but this is a very cheaply made product . I just returned my second one . I truly wanted this to be a good product to keep a neighbors dog from using my lawn as its toilet . With the way that this is made it should cost $ 9.95 .
 Startled by all the positive reviews . Influenced by the encouraging reviews , purchased this product on two occasions -LRB- the second time after our memory had faded about the poor experience the first time around -RRB- . Besides the cheaply-made sensor housing , the mechanism is erratic and does n't closely reproduce its stated intent . In an effort to create the ideal ` conditions ' for the ScareCrow , we even purchased a pressure reducer as well as a new set of 9V batteries -LRB- as suggested in the manual -RRB- . To no avail . At best , this item may have amused our local wildlife ; certainly did n't trouble them . The ScareCrow -LRB- at least to us -RRB- was a waste of money , highly unreliable , and not effective in its intended purpose .
 Works good but leaks constantly . Followed the directions on how to stop the leak from the sprayer , did n't do any good , still leaked . The motion detector works great and the spray goes a long way , it 's just the constant leak that is the problem . Ca n't use it because the leak causes a HUGE puddle and our water bill jumped up very noticeably . Nope , would n't recommend this product .
 I have a Blue Heron problem , in that it visits me every day . The unit works , but the heron is not bothered at all buy it . I tried placing it in different locations , with various settings and nothing worked . The bird seems to like getting a shower . The unit may work on other animals , but it does not scare herons .
 I purchased it on amazon . com , and it may be ok for some , but in my opinion its not worth the money it codts.i spent hours trying to stop it from leaking andnever did stop it . stop onw thing from leaking then its leaking some where else , fix that , then the first thing is leaking again , maybe I just got a lemon
 Ground hogs ate my shrubs right in front of device despite sensitivity on max !!! Goes off for no reason other times .
 Bought two Scarecrows to keep raccoons away from our pool and veggie garden . Seemed to be working at first . The raccoons stopped messing with our tomatoes and seemed to be bypassing the pool . But then the grapes ripened on an arbor by the pool . Raccoon candy -- they were climbing the arbor every night to get to the grapes . Aimed both Scarecrows at the arbor in a cross fire set up and brought them in close , shooting at point-blank range . Zero effect . I watched it all from our deck as the raccoons just took blast after blast and went for the grapes . I had to train a garden hose on them to get them off . Bottom line ... if you 've got something they really want , Scarecrows wo n't even slow down raccoons . And then it hit me ... Of course ! Raccoons love water ! Once the startle effect wears off , is a little spritz of water really going to bother them ? And since raccoons -LRB- at least around here -RRB- tend to follow a pattern of regular evening rounds , they will get used to your Scarecrows pretty quick ... BTW , it took a lot to set these things up . Both units leaked -- which I corrected with Teflon tape -- and I had to build stands for both of them out of pressure treated lumber -- they did n't hold steady when just pushed into the ground . So net-net , a lot of work -- and $ 85 spent -- for nada .
 I am disappointed that the squirrels still ate my cherry tomatoes and strawberries after I installed the scarecrow . I was excited that I finally found something would keep the squirrels away from my garden but it did n't work out .
 It worked great for one day . Now it is not working . The battery is new . The water is on . It just does n't work .
 We bought two the first one didnt work from day one it wouldnt shut off the second one worked about a week than the same thing happened it just would come on and never shut off . The idea is great the product just didnt work for us .
 This is not even close to the real thing . The colors are way off and the picture itself is completely wrong .
 The flag that I received looked nothing like the picture and nothing like the Louisiana state flag . Louisiana 's flag is not bright blue , it does not contain a swan , the banner is yellow and contains more colors than bright blue , white , and black .
 If there was ever an episode of the Simpson 's that highlighted Michigan this would be the flag they use . As another review said it looks like a cartoon , and it 's not the correct colors or proportion . All that being said it was $ 5.00 so curb your expectations .
 Awful , the flag looks like a cartoon , like a kindergartner 's color in the flag project.The colors are n't right . The deer . eagle , and shield , all look like cartoons . Maybe it 's a different variation of the Michigan flag , but regardless they did not say that I might get a different variation of it . It looks nothing like the picture posted.When I called their customer service line , several times , all i got was a shotty voice message that said the Google voice mail member I tried to reach was n't available ; no number , no names , nothing . So i dont even know if i was calling the right place.This is only the third time I 've used Amazon and every time I 've used it nothing has come out right , I never got my order , late shipping , missing parts , or the products just completely wrong . Maybe this will be the time I learn my lesson and I 'll finally know better than to order off of Amazon.Poor customer service , non user friendly , bad products , amateur sellers = I do n't see what makes people think Amazon is so great .
 I did not expect the quality of flag that flies over the capital or even one that is weather resent , but I did expect to receive a flag that possessed some detail to the images that are upon it . The bears are brown pieces of cloth that look like they were cut out with a cookie cutter and then sew on the other colored materials . No detail to the bears or anything else . One cheap piece of cloth . Do n't waist your money .
 I ordered flag pole with American Flag . I then ordered Missouri flag from same company they did not charge any extra shipping so I assumed the Mo.flag would come in the same box . I received the flag pole and American Flag but no Mo. flag . Waited to see if it came in another package but it never came .
 I bought this for my college dorm , not looking for anything fancy . Well , lo and behold , I purchased it , and it was upside down . The grommets are on the wrong side of the flag , so I ca n't hang it up correctly .
 It is serviceable , but up close it looks and feels cheap.I would gladly have paid a little more for something better made .
 I purchased this flag for a grand opening of a new manufacturing facility . The governor of NC was going to be there for this event . The night before the event -LRB- which was held in a tent -RRB- the tent was blown down in a violent thunderstorm with high winds . As the tent was being reconstructed , the three flags -LRB- US , NC and company flag -RRB- got wet and were thrown in a corner by the tent people . The NC flag 's red stripe had bled onto all of the white parts of the other flags . So , I had a pink , red and blue -LRB- with pink stars -RRB- US flag , a NC flag with a red and pink stripe and a company flag which had been a white flag , that was now pink . It was a disaster . I threw the NC flag away . It was unsalvageable . I replaced the US flag from a local Walmart store . I scrubbed the white background of the company flag . I will NEVER use Amazon again for this type of purchase .
 This pump was defective upon receipt . But , I damaged the plug a little , so did n't feel it was returnable . It was only $ 10 , but it was a bad product that did n't work .
 Very disappointed in the performance of this pump . Does n't have enough power for even a small water feature . I used it for about a week before turning it off - would n't buy again .
 I have this pump in a small outdoor fountain . It was quiet for about 3 minutes and now makes more noise than the running water . Very distracting . The water is filtered to keep debris out of the pump .
 EDITED TO ADD : This thing died after 2 months . It could n't manage a comeback after the fountain went dry a couple of times . I drop it to 2 stars rather than 5 . ************************************************************** I just bought this Sunterra 109006 and aSTI Aquatics Infinity 75 gph Magnetic Drive Submersible Pump Kit With 6-Foot Cable . Both are adjustable to 75 gph and both are about the same price , shipping free with Amazon Prime . This Sunterra outperformed the Aquatics Infinity by 50 % in our kitchen sink.SUNTERRA : - 11 seconds to fill a pint sized mug - A little more noisy than the Aquatics Infinity - Adjustable dial was more solid.STI AQUATICS INFINITY - 16 seconds to fill a pint sized mug - A little quieter than the Aquatics Infinity - Adjustable dial was loose , giving the impression that it could change position while in use.Both were about the same size . The Sunterra also pushed out a slightly higher stream , perhaps 5 inches rather than 4 .
 We bought this pump for our birdbath fountain . It was great -- at its highest setting it spewed water like a geyser -LRB- which looked awesome but was counter-intuitive to getting birds to use the fountain . -RRB- At a medium setting it was perfect . It may have been a little noisy , but the birdbath is far enough away from our home that it did n't bother us , and it definitely did n't bother the birds because they 'd play around in it like there was no tomorrow . Unfortunately , although I kept it clean and kept the birdbath full , it completely died about 9 months after first using it . I know fountains often do n't last too long , but it 's still frustrating that it did n't even last a year.I threw it away and bought theLittle Giant PES-80-PW 77 GPH Statuary Fountain Pump , which I installed this week . So far that one 's working great , but I 'm going to wait for the 1-year mark , or until it dies , to give my final opinion .
 This pump was very noisy from day 1 and now 10 months later , it has just quit working altogether . The Little Giant it replaced lasted 7 years ! I do n't even have to tell you the country of manufacture so I should not be surprised but will look for another pump made elsewhere .
 what can I really say about this pump . It does its job , but the material on the pump seems cheap . The connection piece that connects the pump to a tube broke off on me the first time I used it . Sure it came with 2 pieces but they are different sizes which means you 're going to replace the tube too ! So at the end of the day , the pump does work , does what is needed , but the connection pieces are cheap !
 Ordered 2 pumps and the first one stopped working after about 2 months use . How do I handle the warranty to get a replacement pump?Thanks ,
 I should have purchased a larger pump . This pump only lifts about 2 feetSunterra 109006 Small Fountain Pump , 75 GPH , Black
 Spend a little more money and get a better pump . Like the old saying goes , you get what you pay for ! This pump does not have the lift it states and it 's so noisy you ca n't hear the water . Very disappointed with this product and it 's being returned !
 it 's good price but it 's not usable . Why ? it 's way too noisy . 2 types of noise
 I have purchased four of these pumps over the past 5 years . Luckily they have two year warranties with them , because you will need it . The first two ran for about 4 months , then would randomly turn off and on until they quit altogether . I was promptly sent two replacements , which lasted the rest of the summer , then quit for no reason in early December . Sunterra sent me two more , and they lasted until about July of the next summer , then they broke . The impellers will just disintegrate after a while . I inquired about replacements , and they told me my warranty was expired . So I bought two more , hoping to not have the same issues . These were the same model number , but a different , newer style . Guess what ? They worked for a short time , then the impellers broke on them too . Keep in mind , my pond is crystal clear and has no debris to impede the flow of water . These just break for no reason . I wrote Sunterra an email , and they sent me two replacements . I just opened them and they were both broken before I even got a chance to use them . I have since contacted them for replacements for my replacements , but after this warranty is over , I will never buy another Sunterra pump again .
 I purchased 3 of these and end up returning it after they all died , lasting from 2 to 7 weeks . stay away from this brand
 Someone needs a reality check on one in their right mind would pay this for cages . Looks like someone is looking to get rich not really sell something . This is rediculus .
 We have boughten 4 of these pumps now . We started with the 3000 GPH pump for a 2000 gallon pond . After 2 of them quit working with in 2 weeks each , we upgraded to the 4300 . The maximum time we have gotten before the pump freezes is 2 months . We contacted Sunterra & were told that they are not manufacturing any pond supplies any more . They are supposed to be sending us a new pump & filter for the broken ones we sent in 2 weeks ago . They were very clear in telling us that the replacement supply for warranty is getting low.Today , our spare 4300 GPH pump froze up after being in the water only 3 weeeks . It was brand new when we put it in . When I called Sunterra for the status of our warranty pump , they told me they are 3 weeks behind on mail & have n't even opened the package that we sent them . Now we are going to have to purchase an expensive pump while waiting for the 2 warranty pumps or risk hundreds of dollars worth of Koi dying . They also made us pay the $ 40 to ship the parts back to them & we will have to pay again to ship the new pump back . Seems unreasonable for me to have to pay the shipping for a poor quality product and then not even get a good response back for timing.I would not risk buying from this company . Find a better qality pump somewhere else .
 The flag was relatively expensive yet made out of cheap material . It frayed in the wind on the first day I used it .
 The quality of the flag is fine -- a thin but silkier fabric , drapes nicely . But when I opened the package , there were two LARGE pink smudges in the white fields of the flag . I do n't know if it 's a printing error or improper handling or what , but I 'm very disappointed . Inexpensive should n't automatically mean poor quality .
 This filter box is a pre-filter that draws water through two foam pads -- a coarse filter , then a fine one -- before it is drawn into the pump . My Sunterra pump includes another filter inside a snap-on housing , so the pond has three filters in all . The box filter is effective but clogs quickly . The top is held on by four screws . To clean the foam pads , you must disassemble it . Awkward . Some kind of snap-on top would be more convenient . Also , my Sunterra pump has a threaded outlet which is designed to be used with a Sunterra diverter valve ... more than I needed or wanted ! -LRB- I have a small pond . -RRB- A trip to a hardware store yielded a few plastic plumbing coupling that allow me to snap a hose onto the outlet with a quick-release coupler ... very convenient.I had drained the pond and refilled it before installing the Sunterra kit . It was n't possible to drain it entirely because of the fish , however . The filter got clogged quickly even with new , clear water -- well , clearER than it was ! Yesterday I drained the pond again , more thoroughly , and decided not to use the box prefilter but just the pump with its built-in filter . I can get it out by snapping off the pump housing . If it does n't clog for a week or so , I 'll try to add the prefilter again . If it does clog , I 'll just go with the built-in filter .
 Not really happy with this pre filter box , I have another one that the top just snaps on into place , this one has 4 phillips skrews , 1 in each corner to hold the filter media and top piece of plastic , down , just a pain I 'm thinking , rather than snapping the lid off to rinse the media I have to take tools with me now ... like my other brand one much better . Oh and this one came with no filter media , the other had 12 bio balls , and it was 13.00 . I actually thought I was buying the same thing , but it was n't ... oh well , already in the pond , just going to take extra time when I need to rinse the media every couple weeks.I used half the bioballs from my other pre filter box in the compartment in bottom where the pump sits , gives the bacteria somewhere to hold onto and colonize .
 The flag pictured is not actually what I received . What I got was a blue flag with a fake Utah emblem . The eagle on the flag is poorly drawn and so is the beehive . The flowers to each side of the beehive should be sego lilies but instead they are red roses -LRB- someone does n't know Utah history -RRB- . The numbers for 1847 have a space between the 18 and 47 . The flag is also completely see-through -LRB- if you hold it up , you can easily see through the material -RRB- . I guess I should n't complain since the flag was only $ 5 . I just want others to know that this flag is a fake .
 The flag pictured is not what you will receive . The flag I received was poorly made and drawn , and did not have the right symbols . There should be sego lilies , but are instead what appear to be roses . The artwork is subpar , and looks like a cartoon or even `` derpish . ''
 Beware , you are buying a total of 10 pins only for $ 6.91 . In the `` product features '' section , it says `` includes 10 staples per pack '' and in the title it says `` 10-pack '' . I thought `` it ca n't be 10 pins for $ 7 , it must be 10x10 = 100 pins . '' Well I was wrong . You can buy 500 pins for $ 30 from other vendors , for one tenth of the price of these pins here .
 these seeds are horrible they never grow and company does not return money like they d said they would very bad business deal
 I envisioned a field of glorious poppies . I followed the instructions , however , we had a warm spell and the area probably dried out for periods of the day . I dampened the soil each morning and evening . No poppies survived to grow . Such a let down . Not the product , but the gardener . I may try again next year but will have to keep the area wet ! Wish me luck .
 We use this to scrape paint off the floor in our Paint room where we paint our Portable Storage Buildings . It works Great . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Half the size of what I can buy locally for half the price . These suet cakes do not even fill up the suet baskets . The birds are not even attracted to them . I am furious !
 I had bought a dozen cakes of suet on sale at Ace Hardware for a dollar each , and a holder . The birds in my backyard have been going through about a cake a day of suet , so I thought it would be a good idea to order a this case of 16 cakes . Although I did read the reviews that said this product is smaller than other brands -LRB- under 10 ounces compared to over 11 ounces -RRB- , the price seemed good so I bought it . Unfortunately , the birds do n't like it as much , the cakes are crumbly , and the size is a lot smaller . Then I found a case of 10 cakes of Morning Song Year Round suet at Menards , 11.75 ounces , on sale for $ 8.72 and put one out . The birds are going through a cake a day again . I will use up the rest of the Heath cakes , but wo n't buy that brand again .
 These suet cakes seemed like a good idea for value , but not only are they smaller than the Kaytee and Birdwatchers Best brands , but they are very greasy and melt while handling them at room -LRB- 68 degrees -RRB- temperature . I 've had to keep them in the freezer .
 I thought this would be great cuz birds liked other citrus cakes I 'd put out , but it takes them almost a week to get through this . In contrast , they go through a peanut butter cake in half a day and fight for access .
 This shovel looked nice and the reviews were nice so I ordered . When it arrived the shovel blade had a box around it that seemed to have a hole at the end . This was put inside a much larger box . When I unwrapped the shovel I noticed the tip was damaged and looked like it had been smashed into some rocks before they sent it to me . I did an Amazon exchange and the second one arrived with just a smashed up box around the blade of the shovel . This one was even more damaged than the first shovel ; this time the handle was all scratched and scuffed as well . I gave up and just returned the shovel and got my money back . I 'll buy one from a local store instead since Amazon has n't figured out how to ship them yet .
 This shovel came with scratches and messed up paint all up and down the handle . The handle itself is pretty thick . The spade appears to be good . The weak point is where the spade connects to the handle . If you read other reviews , this is a problem for a few people . Regarding the scratches and messed up paint , I know the reason but my attempt to let people know why has been removed twice by the people at who are monitoring the comments . So unfortunately , I ca n't put the reason here . But I am returning the shovel .
 This shovel I thought was the perfect shovel , until I started using it . I was digging up some shrubs to replant them and everything was going well . The shovel was laying out in the hot sun and being black it gets so hot to touch that you better leave it in the shade.So during the removal of the shrubs I noticed a slight softness in the ground , well it was muddy so I didnt think much of it ... Till I pulled the shovel out of the ground and it was bent right where the handed and the shovel meet.I could not believe it , I thought I had bought a shovel for life and finally let old faithful the fiberglass shovel to its final destination . Boy was I wrong . The steel shovel bent !!! Bent like butter with a hot knife . Is this possible , I am a mear 130 lb person . HOW !!!??? So I know it has a warranty on it and I bring it back to the local hardware store and they stopped carring them because of the returns ... . JUNK!So long story short , dont buy these shovels unless you want a really heavy weak shovel , get a nice fiberglass shovel and dont ever waste your time with one of these . If anyone would like to challenge my fiberglass to your fiskars , lets do it ...
 First , i want to say this is first time I 've written a negative review on Amazon . I 'm very disapponted with this order . I wanted to call Amazon but could n't locate a phone number . I ordered a fiskars shovel based on product reputation . The description states its 100 % steel and the picture has the name fiskars on the handle . I received the shovel promptly ; however , the product is not as described . The name Fiskars is not on the handle it 's Bully Tools and it 's fiberglass not steel . This is not what I ordered . This is total misreputation .
 We have other Fiskars products ... mostly scissors and loppers etc. . Figured the shovel would be just as good . Not so !! We were digging out small roots and the handle just bent way back . Now it 's only good for scooping up dog poop . Guarantee ? Sure . But who saved the receipt ? Now we 're stuck .
 I had a old wooden handled shovel that I have used for several years , it belonged to my father . Finally after using it to pry out a stump , it developed a small crack in the middle of the blade so I thought I had better get another shovel before this one broke all of the way.After reading all of the glowing reviews I ordered one of the Fiskars long handled shovels . Touted as the best shovel in the world , I must confess I was disappointed in the shovel . I did not mind the extra weight , but the shovel did not cut through rocky soil the way my old shovel does . It was actually harder to step on and drive into the ground than my older shovel . The really sad part is that my old shovel is actually a better shovel that the Fiskars , but I have no idea what brand it is as I could find no marking on it . After trying the Fiskars several times , I am currently using my cracked bladed shovel when I need to dig in the rocky soil.Imagine that , I apparently DO have the best shovel in the world , just do not know who made it !
 I 've been using normal 48 '' fluorescent tubes for my indoor plants and starts for a few years now , and I decided to give two of these agrobrite bulbs a go this winter . They have a higher output than most of the 48 '' bulbs you can find at Home Depot , Lowe 's , etc. . They worked great for a couple months , then one of them started flickering and within a week it was burned out . The other bulb remained lit , so I thought that maybe I had a dud . Today , around a month later , the second agrobrite bulb bit the dust . I 'm pretty disappointed given the price of these bulbs . Until I have the money for a MH setup , I will return to my tried and true fluorescents bought at Lowe 's . If the lights are placed close enough to the plants , they will grow quite well . Do not waste your money on these as they do not last long at all . : -LRB-
 Ordered two grow fluorescent bulbs . They arrived broken in a box big enough for a refrigerator but with little packaging .
 Shovel did not work as anticipated . Debris gets clogged in between the teeth , rendering the shovel useless . I gave it to the thirft store.Better to spend the money on a heavy duty shovel and keep it sharp .
 When I turn down the flame to low it immediately creeps back up some . Precise flame control is impossible with this spongy feeling valve . Sorry I bought this piece of junk and went back to using my old cooker . This one would be ok for brewing beer or other hot flame cooking but useless if you need a controlled lower flame at times.UPDATE
 leaks around connection even with new gasket/o ring and rusts fast . Gets the job done but leaks like crazy and gets you wet while using . My opinion , pass .
 Disappointed that it only has a single hole pointing straight down ... not really a good piece of equipment ... suggest some other soaker that has side holes !
 I bought what was advertised as 11 lbs of bat guano . It actually weighed 8 & 3/4 lbs . I emailed the seller who is In-N-Out Hydroponics & Organics . This was the actual correspondence : This was my email to In-N-Out Hydroponics & Organics : To whom it may concern , I bought what was advertised as 11 pounds of bat guano from your company just recently . Upon weighing this , it actually came out to only weighing 8 and 3/4 pounds , not 11 pounds as advertised . I wanted to point this out before leaving a review as to see if this could be worked out.Here is In-N-Out Hydroponics & Organics response : Hi . You should contact and leave your reviews for the manufacturer of the item , which is Sunleaves -LRB- who advertised them at 11 lbs -RRB- : Sunleaves Garden Products7854 N. State Road 37Bloomington , IN 47404Phone
 For such high price I thought it would be an effective solution to solve the bird problem we have in the building . However , it is useless . All birds are not affected by this machine at all . It even worse than other cheaper stuff I pruchashed for this problem earlier . Other cheaper similar products at least were effective for several days . This one is not working for any one minute !
 We purchased our Veranda stainless steel gas grill two years ago , we like the size but have not had good luck using it . We would like to have an owner 's manual giving temperature settings , recipes , etc. . We have not found it to be user friendly . We have had other gas grills with permanent briquets & wish we had purchased another rather than Veranda .
 Clogs on very first try.Punches into the ground relatively well - no plug pushes our . The whole engineering of this thing was badly done . I can see alternatives in my mind that certainly would work better than the design of this product.The whole point of core/plug aerating is to produce a plug . . not compound the problem by smashing holes in your lawn and compacting it more - you could just use a spike aerator for this and avoid the compacting problem . Core aeration should bring the bottom soil to the surface and not clog on the first operation . Too much work to constantly unclog it . . so you end up ` aerating ' the lawn by pushing a hole ... not cutting a hole.Basically a waste of money if you want true core aeration . As mentioned previously , you are better off taking your money and going to a rental shop and renting a ` real ' gas powered aerator for same amount .
 Seemed like a good Idea , but the thing just jams with dirt . It does make the holes but I assumes the hollow `` tubes '' were on this to cycle soil through , all it does is get dirt jammed in it .
 I have had no luck with this thing . I am going to wait until fall and use it again , maybe lawn is to dry . I have used sprinkler and made the lawn real wet and that helped . but all in all not one plug has ever come out the top holes . go to hardware store and buy a piece of re-barb and stab holes in the lawn . would be cheeper and accomplish the same thing .
 I loved this product . But the bulb did n't last long . No problem , right ? I went to the hardware store for a replacement - only to discover that this fixture uses a non-standard length of T5 bulbs . A standard , readily available length is 21 inches - this one appears to be 22 inches . So my only option is proprietary bulbs . Hydrofarm does n't ship direct so I check for a retailer - none in my area.It 's ok , amazon is selling them - but then I see that they will normally ship in 2-4 months . I 'm growing plant starts now - not in 2-4 months . A handful of sellers have them available for extravagant prices . Eventually , with no other options , I bought from one . If I 'm lucky , I might actually get to use this light this season.For the future , if I can source cheap bulbs , I might keep using this grow light . But so far it seems like their proprietary bulbs are short lived , expensive and difficult to find.I would suggest to anyone who is planning on purchasing this fixture to keep looking
 I ordered this lighting fixture from Amazon having been misled by the large number of satisfied customers . The package arrived promptly and the parts look well-made and sturdy . However , I failed at my first attempt to assemble the stand . The vertical bars do not fit into the base stand even after pounding with a soft mallet as suggested in the manual . In addition , the provided screws for holding the parts together are way too short . After nearly half an hour of trying , I had to give up and return the product . Then I went back to the Amazon website again and found several very negative reviews about this product as having '' poor design '' , '' impossible to attach the light '' , `` poor quality light '' and so on . This has taught me a lesson
 I bought this to start seedlings -LRB- tomatoes , eggplant , etc. -RRB- . Last year I started these successfully by moving the plants through the day so that they were always at the window with the most light , but obviously this was n't the most convenient method , so I bought this grow light thinking it would save me a lot of work . I set it up next to a window , so the plants were even getting a bit of sunlight along with the light from the lamp . The seedlings came up , but barely made their first set of true leaves -LRB- I have never seen such pathetically small leaves -RRB- . The plants are not thriving , they remain about 2 inches tall with these pathetic leaves even though I started them over a month ago , and I have no reason to think there is another cause -LRB- no aphids , etc. -RRB- . The light is a few inches from the seedlings , but it just is n't bright enough . I have a desk lamp that does a better job . This was a great disappointment , not only because I wasted 50 $ , but also because now I 'm very behind in my gardening schedule . This was a huge waste of money .
 I read ALL reviews and decided to buy it anyways , to add extra light to my orchids . The instructions are SUPER easy to follow.The structure is strong enough to perform its job
 Lousy directions -- obvious that the writer of the directions did not try putting the Hydrofarm together . I found it impossible to attach the light to the stand with the parts supplied .
 The item 's quality is not so great . It 's not very stable and it was not built to last . The worst part is that mine was DOA .
 The product is fine -- it did not take more than half an hour to set it up and get the plants under the light.However , the package was left outside my door , in the pouring rain . It had no external wrapping , just the very colorful box that held everything without any packing whatsoever . So the box literally melted on my doorstep.Although the product inside was OK , this was a very shabby way to mail it to me . It is only pure luck that everything inside was not shattered .
 When ordering the grow light system , I assumed that it would be shipped to me . After paying for express delivery I opened the box and found the correct invoice had been put in the box , but instead of a grow light , a TV wall mount system had been put in the box instead . I am giving this a single star for Amazon not even paying attention to what they are putting in the boxes , that is simply being lazy and having a lack of concern for customer satisfaction .
 I 'm generally happy with it , but I 'm using it for a single flat of seedlings , and the seedlings on the edge of the flat are bowing inwards toward the light and not growing nearly as fast as those in the center . I 'd recommend a four-light system to provide better coverage of the entire flat .
 The unit is pretty flimsy and came with a burned out bulb . Can anyone tell me where to find replacement bulbs for this ? Everywhere I look online all I can find is 24 '' bulbs and the one that fits this unit is 22 '' and about half as wide as the standard 24 '' ones . I 'd really like to get my lights going ! Thanks .
 First of all , if you 're checking out this 2-foot system , make sure you think about investing in a 4-foot one for just a few dollars more . Wish I had noticed before I bought . However , I 'd probably be returning that one anyway , because the light is just too wimpy for even a standard-size flat of seedlings . The seedlings in the very center rows of my flat look okay but all the ones on both sides , i.e. half of my seedlings , are stretching in toward the center to the weak ONE BULB florescent light . So I was n't very happy with it in any case for both of those reasons , and then the light inexplicably stopped turning on and would flicker off by itself . I could tap on the end where the bulb went into the light unit and it would turn on again , but then awhile later I 'd notice it just turned itself off or shorted out or whatever it was doing . I definitely wo n't be getting a replacement , I 'd rather invest in something stronger and larger .
 Bought it last winter , or spring , and just now went to put it together . The `` instructions '' do n't have pictures or step by step instructions . A necessary part is '' -LRB- not included -RRB- , and there is not even a picture on the box of how it is supposed to look once put together . The instructions are so vague that I am convinced that whoever wrote them is not a person for whom english is a first language .
 the product was fine , except for the horrible assembly instructions . When I realized I needed a different product and wanted to exchange it , this `` warehousestore '' was no where to be found . I followed the proper channels through amazon , but no one contacted me , and I could n't find a company website . So , if you plan on never having to return or exchange something , warehousestore is for you , cause i was stuck with my purchase .
 Poor quality and hard to put together . Spend more money on a different product . Light should be better packaged to avoid damage -LRB- although mine was fine -RRB- .
 Bulb is small and , while I will give it a try , in my estimation that 's a $ 5 fixture which is being sold for $ 50 . The adjustable &#34; string slips much too easily and does not hold the light up correctly . The wire is too thick and interferes with setting of the light height .
 This product is total junk . It 's dripping with manufacturing defects and lack of quality . The bulb is a no name chinese bulb that burned out on first flip of switch . Had to purchase replacement GE bulbs.The product arrived without hardware . Had to go to hardware store to purchase nuts and bolts to assemble . During assembly I discovered the pieces did not fit together properly . I ended up scrapping the entire stand due to it 's instability with not fitting together properly and just hung the ballast from my own setup . . The cord is not like the cord on window blinds . Its just a string with a tension nob on it that slips with extended hanging.Do not buy this product . It is worthless ... it is cheap ... it is a waste of time . Also only holds one bulb . At this price , many competitors offer 2 bulbs .
 I 'm disappointed at how many pieces there are and how many hours -LRB- yes , plural -RRB- that it takes to assemble . The plastic perches keep popping out . I just bought the house with two floors . I had hoped that a piece of thinwall conduit would suffice for the post since I do n't really care if it telescopes . The additional post is another $ 50 . The mounts in the house are tapered and a standard piece of conduit does n't seem like it is going to work . If I had it to do over again , I would leave this one alone .
 Do n't buy it ! It was very difficult to put together , taking 2 home maintenence teachers 2 hours . If the house gets invaded with other birds , it is almost impossible to remove the nest material without completely disassmebling the entire house . You can not open the front without unscrewing the attachment to the next box . -LRB- I will probably have to disassemble the entire house to clean at the end of the season . -RRB- The perchers fall off and I have yet to figure out a good way to secure them -- it will be raining baby purple martins . The two levels do n't stay together well so the lower level tenants might get rained on . The cupola does not stay on so it had to anchored with a screw after this was discovered -- naturally after it was up on the pole.I have another house by a different manufacturer that is sooooo much easier to work with . Do n't be fooled by the cute appearance . Cheap material and bad design are simply not worth it !
 Did not get it . You never mailed it 2 me . Would like my money back now !!!!! You need 2 email me . and send my money 2 me . Not happy at all !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I did not see anywhere on the box where assembly was required . The house is made up of about 72 seperate sections you put together with hundred of tiny nuts and bolts in tight corners . Can you say Erector set ? Of course , they include three warnings that all the metal pieces are sharp and they are , so be careful ! I sat in front of the television watching the football game while assembling . Directions were ok , but could have been much better . I did have to backtrack and fix some things before getting into a rythmn and doing it on my own . Definitely not for someone that might have a hard time with assembly .
 Product was time consuming to put together and did not fit snuggly together -LRB- lots of gaps in the flooring between rooms -RRB- . The aluminum was extremely easy to bend , especially when trying to attach the railing , which does not stay in well . I will be searching for one better made . If it was n't so ... time consuming to put together , I would have taking apart and returned .
 Purchased this through Amazon.com . Package arrived quickly . After receiving the house I tried for 4 hours to put it together.The parts would not line up for a proper fit . I put it together twice . Once completed , the house looked terrible . I boxed the house up and returned it to Amazon . Check out the other reviews , they had similar problems . I wish I would have listened to them . Do n't waste your time on it .
 Assembly is like building a house of cards from razor blades . All of the roof , wall and floor panels have extremely sharp edges , there are hundreds of tiny bolts and you really need 4 hands to have a somewhat fair shot at assembling this thing . You can absolutely forget about having a small child or grandchild help you with assembly - it 's a serious occupational hazard . How do the birds live in this thing without slicing themselves all up on the sharp edges?We can put people into space , but this is the best offering that mankind can produce for a purple martin house ?
 Agree with all the one stars . An absolute nightmare to assemble . After calling their customer service the fourth time over a four day period I finally got a return call . Surprise , they included the wrong instructions in the box . Said they had received lots of customer complaints . Not helpful at all.Having a mechanical engineering degree plus four hands and a first aid kit would be helpful for assembly . Unless you just want a challenge and have nothing else to do , go somewhere else !
 For starters the handle cushion started to come off after the 3rd use , not a good sign.The oil was gone after the second use.It is loud and very heavy -LRB- I guess its a plus if someone needs excercise -RRB- It takes a while to start it up -LRB- cold start -RRB- about 5-8 min , the best way to start it is press thered button 3-4 times wait 3-4 min press it again , wait again than after the 4 pull it will start.It chokes off on moderate high grass.The grass bunches up , than it gets spit out on the side , better to bag it but it still leaves a lot on the ground.Stay away from lawnboy , these new chinese wonders are JUNK !!!
 Maintenance : The Lawn-Boy 10683 Insight will periodically stop for no apparent reason in the middle of your yard and refuse to start again until you 've wasted an afternoon trying to fix it and put it back in the garage , disgusted.A goat will require feeding , veterinary care , and constant supervision . It may eat random shards of metal and kill itself . However , a new goat costs less than this mower.Winner
 Does not pick up any quantity of debris . You have to move at a snails pace for it to be effective . I have used it 2 times , once on the driveway and once on a patio , and likely will never use it again . It has infomercial written all over it .
 I have what they call K-9 grass and thought it would be good for picking up all the tree droppings on it . Well it doesnt work as good as I thought it would . Its like cutting the grass , hard to push and have to keep going over it and over it . Does OK on flat surfaces but again such a small pick up area it takes forever ... would return it if it didnt cost so much to do so ... I just hope I find another use for it ...
 I bought this -LRB- L1405 -RRB- after being a very happy owner of the previous model -LRB- L1400 -RRB- for several years . The aluminum handles of the L1400 had broken/torn at a point where the tube is pinched flat in order to attach to the sweeper . I have been very happy with using the L1400 to sweep my driveway , primarily of pine needles . The needles stick a little in the middle scraper piece but I just pull in reverse for a few feet , they dislodge , and I sweep forward again and pick them up . Emptying is easy , and storing the unit on its end is very convenient.I tried to order replacement handle uprights but Hoover was n't very helpful . They are listed as not available from Hoover , and when I wrote to them they referred me to a local repair center without telling me if they were still made nor telling me a price.I noticed one difference between the L1400 and the L1405 is the L1405 has a pivoting rear wheel while the L1400 's rear wheel is fixed . This makes the L1405 much less stable - the rear moves freely from side to side so you have to stabilize it through the handles.The real problem is the right wheel 's gears stripped within seconds of first use . The L1405 comes with a piece of paper that says `` If unit does not perform to your satisfaction DO NOT RETURN UNIT . Take it to your local authorized repair center . '' I can understand taking it to a repair center for a warranty claim , but if the thing fails straight out of the box I am not going to drive it to a center 20 miles away , drop it off , and return several weeks later to pick it up.I thought about sucking up the entire $ 89.99 just for the handle uprights -LRB- which do fit either the L1400 or the L1405 , so if somebody reads this review maybe that will help you - you could order the handle uprights from the L1405 parts list -RRB- , but the rubber center scraper piece of my L1400 has worn a hole through part of it so I doubted it had much more of a lifetime left.I sent it back to Amazon for a refund . I first told Amazon I would send it back via UPS , but UPS wanted $ 68 in shipping . Even though Amazon said they 'd pay for the return shipping I thought that was obscenely high . I contacted Amazon again and got a prepaid USPS label and sent it back through them , which I think cost around $ 19 . Amazon 's customer service personnel understood what I wanted to do but kept messing up sending me links to get the prepaid shipping , so I had to file a new return request on my own in order to get a tracking number that would print out a prepaid USPS label . I worried that I would n't get my money back -LRB- because I had , in effect , two different return tracking numbers -RRB- but it worked out in the end.I went to Frontgate 's website and bought the Haaga standard outdoor sweeper , 20 '' width . It has two large rear wheels so it does n't have any tendency to wobble about when pushed . It has the same weak pinched aluminum handle uprights so I expect to get about the same 5-6 year lifetime out of it that I got from the Hoover . It 's a shame I ca n't get the L1400 again because the truth is the L1400 is the best one of the three . Hoover really made a great product right the first time . The L1405 's pivoting rear wheel is a nuisance , a step backward rather than forward . The Haaga 's bin is a fully separate piece than the head , not just a separate piece that sits on top of the main unit like the L1400/L1405 . I find reattaching the pieces to be cumbersome . Also , the Haaga can not stand on its end for storage . The large rear wheels cause the unit to roll and fall when I try to stand it on end.As an aside , Haaga recommends lubricating the worm gears of each drive wheel with lube -LRB- a light silicone spray -RRB- every 10 hours of use , and includes a can of lubricant with the unit .
 I clean parking lots for a living . I found out it does not do well when their is a lot of paper . The paper gets stuck between the wheel and the frame . which is trying sometimes when you have to stop an take the paper out . it does well on leafs which i encounter a lot but sometimes the leafs even comes out the sides . It comes in handy sometimes for the light work i do with it . perfect for cups , cans , and bottles . If bottles are full it will not fit but if empty it goes right in . I use it twice a day . This may be a bit much for it . once a week is idea for it .
 Bought this on the basis of the reviews here and was very disappointed . I needed something to clean road dirt off of my blacktop and quick sweep our wood decks . We have an asphalt driveway , but live off a dirt road . In the winter , the dirt really piles up . To clean up , I typically rake , sweep , then power wash . Was hoping this would shortcut some of the work.First , the good ... This unit is easy to assembly , light and reasonably ergonomic . It picks up the medium sized stuff well ... leaves , clumps of grass , etc. . It was not at all tiring to push around , much better than brooming effort.It does not do well with sticks and pine-needles , which tend to pile up and get caught on the side.This unit was very incapable of clearing the fine dirt from the road . 10 passes and it only got about half of it . The dirt quickly clogged the wheel height adjustment , so it felt like I was breaking this thing when adjusting . Clouds of dirt went up all around me -LRB- this was something that I hoped to avoid -RRB- . Its easy to dump the collector contents but then you have to flip the machine to get the excess out of the bottom of the pan so that the collector will rest back in the unit properly when replaced.On our wood deck , this unit fought with every little sliver end , pulling up pieces of the deck as it went , and I did have the height properly adjusted.Essentially a good idea , but needs better execution ... this one is going back to the factory ...
 I 've owned this for two years now and it is OK . This sweeper does well for particles with some mass to it
 I bought this for cleaning my driveway and decks . We live in the Seattle area , so my biggest issue is pine needles . But it did n't work on either . The wheels are hard plastic and they just slide instead of spinning , and since spinning is what powers the brushes , they just did n't turn . Or one side would turn but not the other . I tried adjustments and lubrication , but eventually I gave up and took it to Goodwill .
 The problems with this sweeper are several . -LRB- 1 -RRB- the nubs out front designed to protect things are completely in the way preventing one from sweeping close enough . You have to use a broom to sweep debris to the center of the patio then use the sweeper . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Debris gets swept into and under the debris catch container requiring one to pick up the sweeper to dump this extra debris stash into a garbage bin . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Right wheel on my sweeper repeatedly loosens and falls off . The basic premise is good but the design is flawed .
 Do n't try to justify the purchase because you `` do n't have to bend over . '' You still have to bend over to empty the 6 gallon container . If you are picking up dirt , it gets very heavy . If you plan to pick up sticks and leaves , you will have to go very s-l-o-w , because it gets clogged easily . Stop and think ... $ 90 can buy a lot of brooms and dust pans .
 No service in U.S. has 2 yr . service w/pur . ca n't be done . Fountain is GREAT however if it should break your out 500 . oo Qase motor can not be fixed in U.S.better off looking elseware
 I found the best price on Amazon but that was where the service ended . There was a broken plastic part that controls the auto propel . I requested Amazon order the part for me . They have no idea how to do it or do any kind of customer service . Then I requested some credit and I would go get the part and then they did not even bother with a reply . So by the time I get the part ordered and pay for shipping there is NO advantage from buying this from Amazon .
 I 'm very disappointed that this highly rated lawn mower arrived damaged . Lawn-Boy immediately gave me a local repair facility that estimated a 3 week backlog of other work . The UPS driver was careful delivering it , so I suspect it was dropped prior to his receipt . The right rear wheel can not be adjusted beyond setting # 2 . Bent axel ?
 Arrived with broken part on handle -LRB- sens-s-speed -RRB- . Did n't understand that this model had separate gas and oil which necessitates oil change -LRB- my fault -RRB- . Very unhappy with product . Previous owner of 4 Lawn Boys with which we were very pleased !
 Hi , This item was shipped by UPS ground . it was damaged by shipping . I ca n't comment on how this mower actual work , but i wo n't definitely buy any mower from internet ...
 I purchased the Lawnboy Model 10686 last year and it has been in the shop three times -LRB- the fourth time on Monday -RRB- . Each time it goes in the shop it is out of commission for about a month so you can see that it has only mowed my yard maybe 7 or 8 times . I took it out this year about 4 weeks ago and the self propel belt came off the pulley . This was the third time . There are no directions on how to get to the belt/pulley to fix . Each time I took it into the shop it cost $ 38 to repair . I just got it back last week and on the first time to cut my grass it came off again about 75 % through my 1/2 acre yard . There is definitely a design flaw or something is wrong with the unit . The dealer says everything is OK and said it is just bad luck . Well , I paid my last $ 38 for the belt repair and will be selling it . To me the design flaw is that there is no guard over the belt pulley area to keep debris from getting between the belt and the pulley and making it come off . I called the Lawnboy customer care # and they tell me that all can do is take it back to the dealer for repair . I can not afford to by paying $ 38 4,5,6 etc times to have the belt placed back on . Anybody need a Lawnboy mower ?
 Arrived with broken sens-a-speed , which I did n't realize until I had cranked the mower -LRB- beware -- your ca n't return if you have put gasoline in the mower -RRB- . Amazon should put more open disclaimers concerning this return policy . Initially , lots of finger pointing as to who was responsible for the part -LRB- lawn boy , amazon , or UPS -RRB- . Got part , installed it , and drive still does n't work . I 'm now working with Lawn Boy -LRB- who has been very good -RRB- to set up warranty repair . Bottom line ... I saved close to $ 100 , but I do n't think it was worth it . I 've been a loyal Amazon customer for years , but in the case of lawn mowers ... . buy from your local dealer .
 Apparently , there 's a high risk of getting these nice lawn mowers delivered damaged . Like the reviewer below both rear wheels are toed inward from being dropped . The left rear is so bad that it can not be adjusted beyond the 2 '' mark without the tire hitting the decking . Upon closer inspection of the steel deck at the weld joint it 's shows that it 's actually cracked ! I can see the imprint where the arm hit the deck from being dropped and bent the decking . No telling what the axle looks like . It 's really is a shame because the mower itself is of great quality.Amazon has got to do a better job of shipping these mowers or stop selling them . I rate the mower a five , delivery a big fat zero .
 I bought this ratcheting lopper expecting it to perform well given the Corona brand name , but it 's a disappointment . The problem is that the ratcheting mechanism frequently does not kick in . I have used other larger ratcheting loppers before and even the cheap ones work better than this mini one . Here is what it does
 I saw such great reviews that I had to try this gel . I put it on some new and recent cuttings and it burned them badly . The cuttings started to die within 24 hours . I recut the cuttings , and they would not restart . The rooting chemical permanently damaged them and they would not restart . I threw them out.NOTE
 This product killed all of my clones ! I even tried diluting with water . Waste of money in my opinion ! I 'm open to suggestions if anyone else has had luck with this product , and then I may change my review .
 I tried several cuttings with rootech , killed every one every time . Plain water or cheap powder rooting hormone worked in almost every case . Maybe I got a bad jar of it , but after 3 rounds of 100 percent death , I 'm throwing out my $ 30 jar of the junk .
 Hey , here 's a concept . How about ACTUALLY LISTING THE VALVE MODEL NUMBERS THIS KIT IS FOR ????? I know that 's kind of a radical idea to ACTUALLY TELL THE CUSTOMER SOMETHING ABOUT A PRODUCT AND HOW IT CAN BE USED , but I guess that 's just the wild and crazy guy that I am .
 I was expecting a Unicel C-7656 Replacement Filter Cartridge -LRB- which replaces the Hayward CX500RE -RRB- . Instead I received a no-name product which replaces the replacement filter ... I am not happy at all !!!! I already have the Unicel C-7656 filter , which works just fine ... . I do not know if the no-name filter is OK or not , but I have used other filters which have NOT performed acceptably .
 I bought this as a direct replacement for an older Unicel cartridge but it DID NOT have the gasket as shown in the pictures and mentioned in the description . I contacted Amazaon and was sent a replacement pair which did not have the gasket either so I ended up contacting the Unicel direct to see what the deal was . The sales person that I spoke to said that the product had been changed about 8 years ago and no longer has the gasket attached . For some reason it would not build the correct pressure when installed in the filter so I ended up selling and getting a new DE filter for my pool ...
 Item did not survive one day . First gust of wind ripped the canopy and twisted metal legs . Obviously inferiorly made product . Not made in USA .
 These are pretty and all but you cant clean them . The bottle brush wont fit and you cant get to where its dirty .
 No offense , but you really do get what you pay for . :-RRB- -LRB- Most of the time anyway -RRB- It looks better on line .
 I ordered this same product through another website . It is not of good quality . The seats of the chair are made of glass so they immediately cracked when I sat on them . The table-top does not fasten securely to the base so it slide around and I was worried that it would crack like the chairs . I am returning my product if the company can come and get it from me .
 Gave to my daughter as a Christmas present . She tells me that the box it came in was falling apart , appeared to have been wet at some time -LRB- when tried to open it , it just fell apart -RRB- . Grout gone from tiles on table top , several tiles missing . Others loose . Whole thing seems flimsy and poor quality . Did not go to the trouble of putting the pieces together , am returning for refund .
 I am sorry to say that this feeder was a waste of money . Orioles were attacted to my yard via hummingbird feeders . Unfortunately , the hummingbird feeders attracted bees ... lots of bees ! I ordered different hummingbird feeder which worked in keeping bees away and keeping hummingbirds visiting feeders . I ordered this oriole feeder in hopes of keeping these beautiful birds coming to my yard and eliminating bee problem . Even though this product has bee guards , bees were attacted to it . It appears when the oriole feed on nector , the nector got on the bee guards thus attracting lots of bees . Had to take it down and unfortunately lost the orioles coming to my yard .
 Since the product I received was not the same as the picture , I ca n't really review it . The one I got is almost the same but the bee guards are little spring loaded buttons that almost cover the feeding hole . I say almost because the button leave a space that allows bees to get to the nectar . I finally had to take the feeder down because it would be completely covered with bees and a nuisance around the patio area . If ever a feeder with a `` real '' bee guard is manufactured I 'll be the first in line to buy it . As for the one I got , I give it a thumbs down .
 I used this feeder for three months and the hooded orioles were happy with it . They figured out the bee guard quickly . Other visitors were chestnut backed chickadees and humming birds who came to lick the nectar at the seams where the two part base is screwed together and lick the droplets clinging to the base.The tab on the top of the container prevents it from sitting flat on the counter for filling , so put it into a bowel upside down . Cleaning is easy , just fill it with a weak solution of bleach.I found that the best way to tighten the container and two part base is to screw them together upside down . Screw the top half of the base to the container and then screw on the bottom half of the base so you can press your thumb against the knuckle of the perch hinges . Getting it tight may be difficult for those with arthritis or weak wrists.A product that 's designed to hold water and leaks rates only one star . I may buy a different feeder for next summer 's orioles .
 This thing leaked everywhere , not at first , but gradually over a couple of weeks , it drained itself dry.Couldn ' t get it to stop leaking , thought about returning it , I just got frustrated and trashed it.The reason for 1 star , I did see 1 Oriole trying to use it , but just once , I never saw another one.I would n't recommend this product
 We gave this to my husband for a gift . We hung it up , and it immediately began dripping , emptying in less than 30 minutes . We attempted to refill , tighten things up , etc. , and the dripping was repeated . We would not buy this again . Very disappointed .
 Bought one of these feeders three years ago , worked super great so much easier than my last one , Loved it so much and so did the birds I bought a new one last week for my front yard , unfortunately dropped and broke my old one so I had to get another this week to replace it . For some reason where the pieces screw together at the base for easy cleaning leaks and the feeder is empty by morning . Both of them . It needs some sort of seal I would think . This is getting really expensive replacing feed every morning so I am going to look for another feeder . . Did not have this problem with the old one and it looked like it was the same design that 's what is so funny about it . . I would look for another also , do not get this one until they fix what the problem is . You know when two will leak then they all will . .
 Not good !!!! it seems to work great as long as the air is cool or the lig . is cold as soon as you either put warm liq . in it or the sun hits the liq . it will all drain out . I think I would return it if it was not for it being a gift and I have no reciept . Thank you , Donna
 Bought two of these after seeing orioles at our humming bird feeders . The bottoms of each are made in two parts that screw together . The problem is that both of them slowly leak out through this joint and will become empty overnite . They are worthless!Opus 449-2 Oriole Feeder
 This Perky-Pet Opus Plus -LRB- 449-2 -RRB- product 's design is a combination of good and bad -LRB- personally -RRB- . I really like the way the base feeder looks and feel -LRB- solid -RRB- , in fact the Orchard Oriole we have in the backyard prefer to feed on this in comparison with the Fliteline Junior -LRB- link below -RRB- which I also purchased . It allows them to freely move around the frame when selecting a hole.Here is the bad design !!! It is important to keep the feeder clean at all times ... This feeder does not allow easy access for clean-up . Buyer , please be aware , this product needs to be re-design , and purchasing this as-is , is a waste of your hard earned $ $ $ . Try the Fliteline Junior instead , if you care about a clean feeder on re-fills , while Opus Plus manufacturer make the needed improvement on their design!Fliteline Junior -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased this oriole feeder , and when I used it the first time , I realized that the design of the upper part -LRB- that holds the nectar -RRB- caused a few problems . It has a very small opening where you fill it ... so plan on using a small funnel . That 's not a big deal . However ... when it comes time to clean that part , it is an impossible task . If the fill opening were big enough to use a bottle brush to clean , and larger to make filling easier , it would be a good oriole feeder .
 I was so excited to give my orioles their own feeder so they would leave my hummingbird feeders alone . This Opus feeder has ports that have plastic springs behind them to open up . Since the ports would move a little to open , it would terrify my orioles ! They 're very shy birds and this feeder was a waste of money . They all quickly went back to my hummingbird feeders .
 I read the reviews and decided to try this feeder anyway . I just packaged it up to return . After two days , it was leaking badly on the seam on the top of the orange bottom part . Not where the bottle screws in . I could have lived with the impossible to empty and clean the bottom piece for the price , but it has to hold liquid ... Good luck if you try it anyway like I did .
 We were having problems with bees taking over the hummingbird/oriole feeders & this sounded like a great solution . Unfortunately , the unit leaked around the bottom seam . The bees loved it ...
 This feeder works fine , however , it is the most difficult thing to clean I 've ever had ! First of all the container is a really awkward shape . It does not fit in your hand very well due to it 's wide girth . An old soda bottle would be easier to handle ! Secondly , it has a very small mouth which makes it difficult to insert a bottle brush . Then on the inside there are small plastic squiggles that hold the nectar dispensing buttons on which are also difficult to clean . The other problem is emptying the bottle . It 's flattened at the bottom and even with vigorous shaking you can never completely empty it.If they were to change the shape of the bottle -LRB- make it smaller in girth and widen the mouth -RRB- It could be a great product !
 The oriole 's did n't like this , but it did n't last more than a week until the sun beating on it warped where the bottom connected to the middle section & then it leaked . I should have returned it , but instead tossed it . Very disappointing . May have been OK in the shade , but the birds did n't care for it anyway . They liked the hummingbird feeder .
 I purchased this item based on its claim of the patented bee guards keeping bees out . First off it does not look like the picture , the drinking holes are round and have a small button inside that the orioles will push down to feed . Unfortunately , the bees learned within about an hour how to push the button down . They then go in to drink , ca n't get back out and die . The entire bottom of the feeder was full of bees within 24 hours of hanging the feeder . Does not work as intended . And is definitely not the same product shown .
 Very nice out of the box . Put it up last season , it went through one winter -LRB- I 'm in Michigan -RRB- and now its faded and the shingles are falling off . You 'd think it was built to be INSIDE !
 No drainage holes -- a MUST for bonsai pots . We are having to drill them ourselves , and this material is like iron ! Do not recommend them .
 When I purchased this item , I was expected Onigiri sized molds . These turned out to be too small for my purposes , which was quite a disappointment . -LRB- Hence the 2 star rating ... -RRB-
 This is a 1000 watt generator , not a 1200 watt . It 's maximum wattage is stated instead of the actual running wattage . No one else that I have seen advertises the maximum wattage . I would not have purchased if I had known . I contacted Amazon about this and never received an answer from them . Im disappointed in my purchase .
 Piece of crap runs ok everthing on it falls apart or breaks . From the time it was taken from the box to the end of the week had to handle it like it was an egg . DON `` T BUY !!!!!!!
 I had to return this product , the generator starts but it doesnt generate any power . Not sure why , could be b ` caz of wrong mix of oil and gasoline . But somehow out of the three generator which I ordered only one works with the same oil gasoline mix . Totally confused .
 Piece of junk ... Carb leaks gas , runs poorly . Wasted more time attempting to get this to run properly ... very low quality throughout . Shop for something better
 The TG1200 Portable Electric Generator sold by Amazon.com -LRB- from Eastern Tools -RRB- is inexpensive and this is reflected by the -LRB- lack of -RRB- quality of the product . I expected that . The problem was caused by the very poor quality of the packing . One dollar spent on packing material would likely have made this purchase a better experience .
 PULL CORD broke just after several attempts to start . Leaving me to to have to get it repaired just after a week .
 Bought this generator to power a 60 watt light and a small 110 volt air conditioner.Unit worked pretty good until it blew up , catching fire.There was no sign of problem . Had used the generator the day before and refueled it . Made sure there was no fuel on the generator.Would prefer to have a small Honda , but to costly.Have pictures of the unit .
 I used this generator once & it had a loud knocking noise & was very difficult to start . I contacted the manufacturer as to where I could take it for repair or exchange . I was told they would get back in touch with me & have n't heard back in over 3 weeks ...
 Delivered on time . We are using this for our 39 '' toyhauler to keep trailer batteries charged . It works outstanding ! approximately 2 gallons -LRB- full tank -RRB- ran for 7 hours . Our big generator was using more than twice the gas . You can use a good 100 ft cord and get the generator away from your trailer , so you do n't even notice it running . It is very quite for a two stroke generator . It started second pull after initial setup -LRB- just add mixed fuel -RRB- , and ran flawlessly 20 hours a day for 12 days . All the others in camp with thier $ 2000 Honda 's said they would go with this generator if they could do it over . I may have just got lucky with this unit , but this generator is by far the best generator for the money we have ever owned and we have owned 6 over the years .7 / 20/2012 - The Generator worked exactly as it was supposed to for an entire year . The unit would run for 6 hours on a tank and power up my 40 foot toy hauler electrical needs . It kept the batteries fully charged at all times . We could not run a coffee maker , our air conditioning or microwave of course with this low output generator . A couple of things to consider ; the two stroke engine produces very strong exhaust compared to regular gas engines . Also the pull start mechanism is made of plastic inside and failed after one year . I chose to buy a much better generator this time around instead of attempting to fix this one . Only paying $ 120 for it , I consider it a throw away product . I was probably lucky to get a full year out of this machine with zero issues . Absolutely nothing else ever failed , came loose or broke .
 I ordered it , Amazon took my money , Northern Tools sent it , and it does not run.Northeren tools has a no return policy on generators . They send out a generator that can not run -LRB- no spark -RRB- and refuse to refund the money or allow you to return the product or exchange it . The phone numbers listed in the operators manual for the manafacturer are disconnected . Amazon does not state this all sales are final in their adds so they contribute to the rip off .
 I purchased this generator from Amazon , and it was delivered fast . I put in the fuel and started it , after a few moments the enguine started knocking and got louder and louder the longer it ran . I came back up here to Amazon 's site to arrange for a return but the site says this item is not elligable for return . I feel that when I purchased this there should have been a notice saying it is a non returnable item but I am going to contact them tomorrow and argue my point . I will keep you posted to the outcome.Well I called customer service and explained the problem and with out hesitation the rep said I will get a new one delivered next day and sent me a return autherization be email . Next day came and so did the new generator and it worked fine . Now how can you beat that kind of service . This is why I keep comming back to make my purchases throu Amazon .
 Received the generator and it would not start . No spark.Amazon first said that I could not return it due to it having gas in it.There is also a no refund policy.Amazon eventually said keep the generator and refunded my money .
 I purchased this generator to take with me to off road events & outside excursions where its hot to power my turbine fan . I needed something small that I could put in my trunk with my other gear . Well I bought this `` machine '' & took it to a outdoor riding park that had no shade or rest benches to power my fan so that my friends & I could cool off . Well I started it up ok following the instructions , hooked the fan up after giving it a few minutes to run , & it ran for around five minutes & it shut off ... And would not start again . I checked the spark plug to make sure if for some reason it was fouled even though I knew I had the oil/gas mixture right & it still would not start.I then waited a few hours after I got home & started it again except this time I ran it without hooking anything up to it . Still the same thing after 5 minutes its quits . Called ETQ & the tech was very helpful & seemed knowledgeable enough . He told me that I should trip a bit of the fuel line in case it got hot & restricted fuel flow . Tried that & no dice . . I am very unimpressed in the fact that a user should have to make any modification to the unit straight out of the box . This is a $ 140 paper weight ... Oh well you get what you pay for ...
 The generator started and ran fine out of the box , but did n't actually generate any current.I submitted a support email to Eastern Tools , but did n't receive a response . I then called their support line . They offered to send me a new capacitor to see if I can fix it myself , which is fine with me if it works . Unfortunately , they expect it to take a week to ten days for me to receive the part , and there 's no way of knowing if the fix will be successful.They seemed pretty nonchalant , considering the fact that they sold me a product that did n't even work .
 This morning -LRB- June 30 , 2012 -RRB- with the Washington D.C. demon thunderstorm . I took out this generator , brand new out of the box . Add fuel , start it . It work for 3 minutes . Shut it off . Bought 2 cycle oil , one hour later , add the oil . Never can start this generator again for the next ' 10 hours . It is a piece of crap . A brand new piece of crap .
 I bought this generator and during a 4 day power outage , the engine failed and it threw a rod through the engine casing . This has a low oil sensor and it had oil and I only put a refrigerator on load and did nothing unusual to the unit - the engine is just a really poorly built piece of chinese garbage - after only 50 hours of use I had to throw it out because the engine is all cheap aluminum and no parts are repairable . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I bought 2 generators from internet shopping recently one from Amazon.com.The deal seems good to me but not when you actually received it . First one was came with broken bottom supporter.Second one came with broken fuel tank.I had tried to exchange it but failed Amazon.com says I will find customer service button on return policy page . I tried many time to look for the button I could not find.I do strongly recommand not to purchase from Amazon.com generators.It is worth to visit store near you.DO NOT PURCHASE FROM AMAZON.COMDO NOT !!!!!!!! YOU WILL BE END UP WITH HEADACHE AND MORE PROBLEM
 This unit is a scam . Works for 1 or 2 tanks of gas , no power ... needs to be restarted every 15-20 minutes . . then after 1 or 2 uses . . it will never work again ... The Chinese who build this junk must laugh every time one goes on a boat to the USA . The sale of this POS should be stopped .
 leaked gas ... never started ... can not return to amazon ! Junk !!! think i 'm done with amazon if they sell junk like this or let junk like this be sold on there site , and you can not return it
 Purchased this in 2008 . It has never been used , or started ! I purchased in case of a power outage . Just wanted enough power to keep the gas furnace going . Picked it up by the handle yesterday to use it and the frame broke in half . The pot metal is so thin it did n't withstand it 's own weight when I picked it up . Do n't buy this !
 I do n't know what other options for shipping there are but from my experiance , and stated damages on reviews I would say UPS is not the best.Ordered 2/10/08 UPS delivery est. 2/15/08 . by 2/19/08 no delivery !! Called amazon . Indian lady reordered with free 2 day delivery FEDEX delivery est. on 2/22/08 . Today is 2/23/08 no generator . My tracking showed shipper contacted for pickup 2/19/08 never picked up.Called again Indian guy say 's his info say 's delivery date today sat .2 / 23/08 . Said , wait for monday afternoon , if it does ` nt come they will give full refund !!! Is n't that nice of them.All this time wasted . Not an email or any explaination why first order did n't arrive and we will see about monday.Be nice to talk with someone that can really solve problems or get to answers . Two day delivery is a least five days.Hope it comes Monday and is not damaged like stated in alot of reviews delivered by UPS.Hope FEDEX is not as rough.I need it in working condition . This is my only way to complain.Thanks . UPDATE 2 / 26 / 08 pm Never received generator cancelled . Leary about using amazon again !!!
 Well , there goes my money . This product is very frustrating , especially just trying to start it up . You will wear yourself out . Certainly would not recommend this product to anyone , well maybe my worst enemy .
 Having read the other reviews I decided to go with the ETQ TG1200 portable generator because it would meet my needs well for the wattage , noise level and portability . I had considered getting the 800 Watt model of the Harbor Freight generator as that was on sale but decided going for the additional power was worth it.Following the instructions exactly , which I do agree were easy to understand and well-written , using fresh gas with the 50:1 gas : oil mixture , etc. the unit did not start . I could tell there was no gas getting into the carburetor . This unit does not have a priming bulb like some gas engines so I suspected that might be an issue . I called the 888 customer/tech service number and had a very helpful gentleman explain that as this was an older made unit -LRB- Dec 2009 was the stamp on the unit -RRB- , that there are 3 things to try
 Final Update : Nothing helped with the leaking carborator . Sent the info . to the company as they requested and never heard back , so now we are out the cost of a leaking , rusted generator as well as the cost of an additional fuel tank.Will try to post pics of the underside . Also going to contact Amazon about this seller . Would recommend Steel or Champion for sure ... both of which are working properly.UPDATE
 This is a very attractive feeder and if only goldfinches could use it I 'd be be very happy with the item . Unfortunately , house finches -LRB- who have their own feeder -RRB- seem to prefer the thistle seed and are quite capable of standing on a perch and stretching up to the the feeder hole above it . Each finch that does this essentially takes away TWO feeding stations from the goldfinches - the hole above the perch and the one below - so two house finches take up four stations , leaving only two available for the smaller and more timid goldfinches . And yes , there is a small platform under the feeder , just big enough for an ambitious house finch to brace against while it holds on to the metal frame above . This feeder empties out in just one day ... . and the goldfinches get very little of it .
 It was fun watching the goldfinches feed upside down.They however prefer to eat upright and would pass up this feeder for the normal feeder most of the time.But then after a rain ... the seed got wet and spoiled immediately . Cleaning it and putting in more seed became a regular occurence.So I got rid of the feeder .
 I was pretty excited to find a 3 lb upside down finch feeder . I have a ton of yellow finches in my back yard and decided to upgrade from the cheapo upside down tube finch feeders to this one.The disc at the bottom of this feeder is pretty useless . It seems to be more of a bird poop collector . It also helps stabilize the feeder when filling it up.Every time I glanced out the window I found the cheapo upside down tube feeder loaded with finches . I looked at my new feeder and found it was totally empty.A few finches tried the new feeder only to give up and go to the older feeder . I compared the two feeders and found that the pegs to the new feeder were considerably thinner.I am going to try adding some tubing to the pegs to thicken them up a little . Either way ; save your money on this feeder . It may look sharp ; but that 's about it .
 The picture for this product did not show the platform bottom that the larger birds are able to stand on and feed . It makes the feeder not practical for the purpose advertised . I will probably discard this product .
 Yes , the Gold Finch 's can hang upside down to feed but the vertical separation of the feed holes are to close together and this allows other birds to sit on a perch and reach the feed hole above it.I will soon be looking for a different upside down feeder as this one allows any small bird to sit on it and feed .
 There needs to be more space vertically between the stations , as the pesky house finches can easily stretch and reach the port above a perch . I was very surprised to see this , as I have had other upside down finch feeders that did not present this problem . A total waste of money .
 The qualaity of this feeder seemed very good . But I wanted a feeder that the house finches could n't use . They figured out they could reach a feeding port from a perch below . So they kept the smaller gold finches and pine siskins off the feeder . As a result I returned this feeder . If you do n't mind the house finches eating all the food , then this would be a good feeder
 The feeder is all black and does n't attract finches . We have returned to a feeder with a yellow top that is more appealing to and attracts many more gold finches .
 My local goldfinches , here in upstate NY , have shown no interest in feeding from this `` upside down '' feeder . They 'd rather stand on a perch and eat from my black oil seed feeder . The Birdscapes 736 has been outside for an entire week and is still full to the top . Perhaps if I took down my other feeders , the birds would have not choice . I 'm sorry I bought this feeder ... but I 'll keep waiting for a while before discarding it .
 We have had many upside down bird feeders and this is the first one that the Goldfinch will not feed on . I think they are afraid of the color . Our Goldfinch just go to other feeders .
 Sadly , I gave this to my Mom for a Christmas present . She calls me today , a month or so later to tell me how this feeder is not attracting any birds and that she 's sure it 's upside down . She did n't know that it actually is supposed to be an upside down bird feeder , so I had to laugh . Then she says `` I went over to my sister 's house and I 'm jealous because she 's getting all kinds of finches at her feeder and I 'm getting none ! '' I am giving this feeder a bad rating because my Mom does know what she is doing and this feeder is not attracting birds despite her expertise . I will now go to the local bird feeder store and buy something that actually works .
 I bought this new in June of 2012 . Ran good for 6 months then the it stopped producing power even though the motor ran . I called ETQ and just got an answering machine . The answering machine gave a number to call for warranty , however they told me that they do n't do warranty on the ETQ generators and they gave me number to call . I called that number and I got the same answering machine as before . I have left 2 messages with no results . So , I have contacted Amazon to let them know . I ca n't imagine that Amazon whats to offer products that have useless warranties . I 'll try to update any progress I may or may not make .
 Purchased for hurricane emergency power . Assembled and ran for two hours to break in , then placed in shed . Months later had problem starting even though stabil was included with gasoline . I now understand why many generators have plastic tanks instead of metal . When I looked into the tank the gas was full of rust particles . This is a result of our great congress forcing us to use food -LRB- corn -RRB- in our fuel . Ethanol is hygroscopic -LRB- it attracts water from the atmosphere -RRB- . Emptied the tank and refueled.Generator started but would not idle or produce electricity . I put it away thinking that an electrical connection had come loose and would repair it later . Took recently to repair mechanic/electrician . Result
 I sent this to my parents who were w/out power in the recent storms in VA. . They are older and do n't do `` online '' -- hence my ordering and review . **** THE BAD *** All was great until , after running it for about an hour , they saw sparks from INSIDE the generator . They looked through the side vents and saw actual small flames & could tell something was on fire . They were able to shut down the generator & extinguish the flames . After all was clear , they removed the vent panel -LRB- which , according to them , is n't indicated to be removed by the consumer -- it 's actually bolted on -RRB- and found a block of wood , about 3 in x 4in that was between the vent panel and the rest of the machine . Of COURSE it caught on fire . When the generator was delivered , they had a neighbor assemble the parts of the generator that actually required it -LRB- frame & wheels -RRB- so I know it was done properly -LRB- he 's an engineer w / a 2nd degree in electrical engineering -RRB- . They looked through the manual as well , to make sure they did n't miss an instruction about removing packing material . Had they not seen the sparks , they could have lost everything . If the gasoline interacted w / the flame -- could have lost their lives . I read other reviews indicating problems that sound like either poor manufacturing quality control & / or Eastern Tool not properly inspecting/unpacking after receipt from China -LRB- where it 's made , of course -RRB- . I 'm not even sure what to do or who to contact -LRB- Amazon , Eastern Tool , both -RRB- but wanted to leave this review so no one else gets hurt . **** THE UPSIDE *** After the super-smart neighbor came over , removed the wood , checked to make sure there was no relevant damage to the machine -- it worked great for another 3 days . -LRB- They were without power for 3 days at that point and expecting another 4 days of no power so desperation won out over not using it at all . -RRB- UPDATE -------------- Amazon Customer Service WAS ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS in helping me rectify this situation ! Since this item is considered `` not eligible for return '' I contacted them for some direction on how to handle this and , most importantly , to make them aware of the potential danger to customers . The service rep. William , took it very seriously , kept me on the phone for a few minutes and then told me Amazon would be sending my parents a replacement generator as soon as possible -LRB- stock is low due to the storms I referred to above -RRB- and is n't making my elderly parents disassemble & pack up the defective generator . So , while the item itself was a disappointment , Amazon really stepped up to the plate . Made me glad I 'm a Prime member and want to do business w / Amazon even more than I already do .
 THIS GENERATOR ARRIVED BROKEN . I CALL EASTERN TOOL & EQUIPMENT AND WAS TOLD THAT I COULD NOT SEND IT BACK , THAT THEY WOULD SEND ME A REPLACEMENT PART . I ASKED FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO REPLACE THE PART , THEY DID NOT SEND ANY . I REPLACED THE PART , BUT IT WOULD NOT GENERATE ANY ELECTRICITY . I PURCHASED ANOTHER BRAND LOCALLY WHICH HAD BRACKETS ATTACHED THAT WOULD HAVE PREVENTED THE ETQ FROM GETTING BROKEN IN SHIPPING IF THEY HAD THEM INSTALLED . DO N'T BUY THIS GENERATOR IF IT IS GOING TO BE SHIPPED . AMAZON.COM TOOK CARE OF MY PROBLEM . THANKS AMAZON YOU STILL WILL GET MY BUSINESS . C. HENSLEY
 Budget restraints reduced my purchase options to this product , or similar ones with Chinese manufacturing origins . Based upon Amazon customer reviews the generator was purchased with the sole purpose of powering two pitching machines . The product was delivered via UPS on time , and after being preped the motor started on the 3rd pull . The machine did n't produce any power . Trouble shooting did not provide answers . The reset button did not reset . Previous reviews indicated there was an electrical problem with this machine . A call to the Tech at ETQ did not solve the problem . `` There was an electrical problem '' in the machine , so hold on while I pass you over to our sales person . '' The engine had an accumulated 3-4 minutes of running time to this point . ETQ Sales would not advise the location of the authorized repair facility until proof of purchase was e-mailed or faxed . I solved that problem by entering ETQ 's web site and found the nearest location to be 57 miles from me . Fortunately a closer repair center was located and after two and one half weeks in the shop the machine was repaired by replacing the stator.I am not convinced ETQ has any clue how to repair these machines . It was a trial and error process between ETQ and the repair center to discover the source of the problem . I am also convinced that not one Technical Service Bulletin -LRB- TSB -RRB- was issued on this product . I base this opinion on my previous life with a Manufacturing Automotive OE , my experience with ETQ , product reviews reporting similar problems , and the fact the authorized repair center was not in receipt of any notice from ETQ.Now the good news . Following a frustating experience dealing with ETQ directy , Amazon customer service was contacted . I was lucky to have Karl on the other end of the line . After hearing my problem two options were offered . He would deduct the charge from my credit card , or a replacement generator would be delivered over night . Since a working machine was required immediately option two was accepted . The replacement was delivered as promised , and worked as one would hope . Amazon did not want the original generator returned because it was preped with gas and oil , not withstanding the engine had less than 4 minutes running time . We now have one generator to run two pitching machines , and another to operate a score board . Thank you Amazon.Thoughts about the working machine . The engine is relatively quiet because of the large muffler . The paint and e-coat finish on the various parts were pretty good . Utilizing the pull cord is hampered by its location . A right angle pull by the operator is required to start the engine . I foresee the cord eventually failing . Installing the handle and wheels required less than 5 minutes . A funnel with a 1/2 '' dia filler tube is required to add oil . The engine will take < than a quart of oil so be carefull when filling.My two star evaluation is somewhat generous , but I base it on product failure , ETQ technical assistance , and ETQ 's apparent lack of knowledge of their product . I give Amazon a 5 Star rating . Without budget constraints we would have purchased a product with North Ameican content , manufacturing source , and known distribution and repair centers .
 I wish I could recommend this unit but both samples I received from Amazon were damaged . The second was worse than the first due to a broken motor mount . I really was n't looking for another repair project especially on a brand new product . Amazon issued a refund without any issue . I 'm very impressed with Amazon customer service , they are first rate . It seems silly for the manufacturer not to modify the packaging after 3 years of complaints about shipping damage . This has got to be costing them some serious money replacing or scrapping these units .
 Yes it is less expensive and yes it may have free shipping , but you get what you pay for . I went through the instructions to prepare it -LRB- note
 This product arrived with a torn carton and broken part that made it inoperable . The manufacturer offered only to replce the broken part . That part arrived several weeks ago , and is still sitting in the garage , along with the generator . We did n't realize this would be a `` do it yourself '' project .
 IF YOU WANT TO BUY A GENERATOR FIND A MORE REPUTABLE COMPANY AND A BETTER PRODUCT . THIS LOOKS LIKE A GOOD DEAL BUT IT ACTUALLY SUCKS.This turned out to be a bad generator manufactured and distributed by an even worse corporation . The generator arrived and after one use failed to produce electricity . I called the company and was told that within a few days a customer service rep would call or email me with information about how to get it repaired under the warranty . I WANTED A RUNNING GENERATOR , NOT A NEW REPAIR PROBLEM . At this point , almost two weeks after the initial call I have not been contacted by these rip-off artists . I went ahead and found the nearest service center myself and it turns out to be 80 miles away . I 'm considering filing a motion to bring these people into small claims court so I can get my money back . Even if I can go get the generator repaired , I will not be compensated for the time or the gas to drive the 160 miles round trip . What a headache!IF YOU WANT TO BUY A GENERATOR FIND A MORE REPUTABLE COMPANY AND A BETTER PRODUCT . THIS LOOKS LIKE A GOOD DEAL BUT IT ACTUALLY SUCKS.The whole experience is making me think twice about internet purchases and Ialso wonder why Amazon did n't vet this product or the manufacturer.ETQ TG32P12 4000 Watt 7 HP 207cc 4-Cycle OHV Gas Powered Portable Generator -LRB- Non-CARB Compliant -RRB- ETQ TG32P12 4000 Watt 7 HP 207cc 4-Cycle OHV Gas Powered Portable Generator -LRB- Non-CARB Compliant -RRB-
 I ordered one of these generators to use with my travel trailer when I 'm out at the track with no electric hook ups . I received 2 units , both units fired up on the first pull of the cord . They are quieter than most generators that I 've heard , however they 're not even close to a Honda Inverter genverator . The generator on both units did not function correctly , it was running at 40Hz instead of 60Hz and the voltage regulation was horrible , dropping to 104V with a 1600 Watt A/C unit running , this about 1/2 the rated load of 3250 W . After the 2nd unit I gave up and asked for a refund . I 'll find something else to use . I WILL GIVE AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE 5 STARS for their help through this whole process , they were expediant with the 2nd unit and the eventual refund .
 I just received my generator today . The packaging was in relatively good condition . After taking it out of the box , the generator only had some minor wear marks on the frame . Packaging could have been better.Pros
 Bought this product about a year or so ago and stowed away unopened to use during our next Hurricane . When Ike blew in I cranked this generator up and it worked fine for about four days . We did use it 6-8 hours per day , but in the end the motor gave out after about 40 hours of use . I can only recommend this if you are going to give it a light work out . . other than that the old addage of you get what you pay for applies .
 Purchased this brand 4000 generator , worked fine when the temperature out side was warm but wont stay running when it gets a little chilly out say 60 ish degrees . Tried contacting the ETQ website and finaly gave up this happened after one month of owning it the problem was the gas cap wouldnt breath right . Save your money and buy something reputable !!!!!!!! Never herd a single response from them and the warranty has long expiered .
 I bought this generator to power a pop up camper that had an A/C unit.I was told that I needed at least a 2500 watt generator to power it along with lights and other little power draws , so this generator looked perfect.What they dont tell you is that the 4000 watt supply they advertise is split between the power outlets so that the breakers will only take about 1350 watts before triggering and powering down . A camper has a single 240 plug that brings all the power to the camper from a single source ... this means that even though the ad and box , and EVERY piece of literature that tells you about the generator says it can easily handle 3250 watts with a surge up to 4000 is a flat out lie.If you have a bunch of different things plugged in and they are all small it might work for you , but this flat out deception is unacceptable , and this generator , and the company that makes it should be boycott for such blatant dishonesty.I am still trying to get Amazon to let me return it -LRB- I bought it 3 months ago and just found all this out today -RRB- so I will have plenty to say about amazon customer service as well , depending on how they decide to handle the situation . * EDIT
 The generator arrived damaged . There was no user manual . The hardware -LRB- that normally would come in closed plastic bags -RRB- was strewn on the bottom of the box outside opened plastic bags . The fuel hose connecting the gas tank and the carburetor was disconnected . Buy this generator only if you are willing to put up with a lot of headache and are mechanically adept .
 The TG 4000 is not for the mechanically challenged . At least the one I received . As several have noted , the front panel was slightly damaged in shipment and the pull cord is in the wrong place . The plastic cover for the electronics NEVER fit properly , yet the inspectors sticker was on the cover which clearly could never have been in place to start with ; what a joke!The good first - It starts quickly , usually on the second pull and it does produce electricity . The bad - only one of the two 110 volt outlets on mine work . Taking the front panel off and comparing the provided wiring diagram to the actual wiring reveals that the second 110v outlet is wired incorrectly ; absolutely wired wrong.I intend to rewire it , but thought about sending it back ; - far too much trouble to return it . So , since it provides only half of the electricity that it is supposed to provide , it gets a 50 % from me . As we all remember from school , a 50 % grade is a FAILING GRADE .
 Bought this generator last dec for camping , started and ran for 2 minutes and then put away , when i tried it again all it would do is miss , and blow white smoke , i called eastern tool twice and was put on hold for about 10 minutes each time with no one coming back to me , when i drained the oil from the crankcase it was full of gas , terrible generator , save your money
 I purchased this product 12/09 for mu husband to go hunting . It arrived with in a week . He put it together & filled it with gas it starting leaking where the hose attaches to the gas tank . Upon further inspection he notice that it was not welded correctly to the gas tank . Also , the cover to the filter was busted up . We took it back to the location where we bought it & reordered a replacement . That one showed up with in a week also . When he started putting that one together he noticed that the air filter cover was busted up , again . We thought no big deal we will get another cover . He put gas into the tank and pull after pull he could not get it to start . We were very disapointed with this product ! We took the replacement back to the store and bought a better quality generator , a champion - it 's great .
 I was unable to get this generator started after following very poorly written directions . I followed the steps exactly and still , no sign of life . This led to me trashing everything in my freezer/fridge , which is why I bought this generator in the first place . I found it extremely difficult to pull the starter chord . Put fresh gas and oil in the machine and checked all other levers/switches , including choke.In short , I did everything correctly to the book and yet I did not get so much as a cough out of it . Also , as a rather fit man , I could physically barely pull the starter chord . Totally unacceptable and it failed me when I needed it during last night 's power outage ... If I could meet a representative from this company in person I would love to share my thoughts with them and tell them how awesome it was to throw away a month 's worth of frozen breast milk for my newborn ... that made my wife extremely happy as I 'm sure you can guess .
 I bought this generator -LRB- Same model and specs , but different paint and details from the picture of what is now sold -RRB- way back in January 2008 , unpacked it , made a quick test that it worked , drained the fuel and oil and otherwise prepared it as per the manual , and put it in storage . When I pulled it out last week after a wind storm , it started and ran for eight hours straight ... great ! The next day , it would only run two-to-ten minutes , then quit . On inspection I found corrosion in the fuel tank . I cleaned that up , and also the fuel valve , plug and carburetor , but it still ran only a few minutes at a time.Looking closer , I also found damaged parts
 never buy these generator !! . I bought it and when I open the box it was totally destroyed to many parts were broken in pieces.I could not returnet because i bought it from VENEZUELA .
 THE ORDERING PROCESS WAS A BIT CONFUSING DUE TO IMMEDIATE CHECKOUT WHICH AUTOMATICLY ADDED THE SHIPPING WHICH WAS SUPPOSED TO BE FREE . AFTER A FEW PHONE CALLS AND A PROMISE TO REMOVE THE FIRST ITEM AND BEING TOLD TO PLACE A NEW ORDER I NOW WAS GETTING TWO GENERATORS ONE WITH FREE SHIPPING AND THE SECOND ONE WITH SHIPPING . ANOTHER CALL WAS MADE AND AFTER A THREAT THAT THEY WOULD ONLY DO THIS ONE TIME THEY REMOVED THE SECOND GENERATOR WITH SHIPPING AND CREDITED MY CREDIT CARD . THE GENERATOR ARRIVED AND AFTER OPENING THE BOX I NOTICED TWO MOTOR MOUNTS WERE BROKEN . I HAVE CONTACTED THE CUSTOMER SERVICE AND AS OF TWO MONTHS I HAVE NOT RECEIVED NEW MOTOR MOUNTS . PERHAPS AMAZON CAN HELP SPEED UP MY MOTOR MOUNT REPLACEMENT . THANKING YOU IN ADVANCE , ROBERTPS
 I was very excited with this purchase but unfortunately 60 % - 70 % have already bloomed in my garden and they ALL have been orange . I have n't seen another color in the bunch . I love the color orange but if the label says mixed color then that 's what I expect . Quality control please !
 I did not purchase my units through Amazon , let me be clear about that . I purchased mine locally but ... This is a BAD Product ! a defective product ! and the company knows it ! I purchased my first unit about eight years ago . They work really well at killing bugs ... . for the first year and then you 're on your own . I decided to use two on my property due to all the mosquitos flying around in the evening . These are killing machines and they do a fantastic job at killing every bug , I mean EVERY Bug.It is true that you will have to constantly keep them cleaned but they are n't worth the money if you have to keep replacing them every twelve to eighteen months.I have tried to get information from the company about why I have had to replace my units every year and they just make up pathetic excuses but never provide an appropriate answer . I have an electronics background and know enough that these units should last forever but something else is going on with these units and no one is saying anything.I am fed up with having to ship them back every year and wait on a new or refurbished unit . If it was a quality product , this should not be happening in the first place.The damned units do not last much longer then about eighteen months and then you have to call the company and get the unit replaced.Unless you have a crush on your local UPS person or whoever you use to ship them back , I would say to find a different product / manufacture for a bug zapper ... . aka . '' Vincent Price Machine '' . It cost me about $ 45.00 per unit to ship them back for a replacement every year . To me it is n't worth the trouble or the money . If you have money to burn , then go ahead and waste your day ! As for me , my two units are going to the recycler !
 Have had three of these . One lasted four days . They all suffer from the same problem . The ballasts/starter bulbs go bad and the only functioning part of the unit is the electrical grid which constantly clogs up even on a good day .
 10 to 12 days after receiving original , one light bulb went defective . Replacement unit also had defective bulb that would not light up after 10-12 days . Requesting 2nd -LRB- and final -RRB- replacement to correct defective bulb . Both times defective bulbs were on the side opposite of the electric pulg in cord . If it worked properly , it would be a good product .
 I got two these zappers both which have defective power supply because one bulb wont lite up . Switching bulbs showed it was n't bulb it was power supply for unit
 I live in south Mississippi where the mosquitoes , gnats , flies , moths , horse flies and beetles are often a problem . I have an acre pond 300 feet from my back porch , so yes I invested in one from Walmart . It lasted 23 days before the light did not work -LRB- black lights -RRB- . I brought it back to the store where they sold out with no expectations for others . I then bought it on Amazon . It was a UV lighted one and so I was taken aback and did not expect it to be so bright . After a week , I got used to it and it works great . Mosquitoes are very attracted to it with the attractant I bought for it , I should be good to go for at least two summers . I just wanted to say how much I LOVE the Amazon company too . This light was shipped from the `` Nerds '' and I received it in a great new condition .7 / 27/12Updated , I have had nothing but trouble out of these Stingers . I have sent in and they 've sent back 3 . Something goes bad in the head . Now it 's been on back order for the last 30 days and when I called today , David said an additional 30 more days is expected . Boo !!! to the makers of this thing . I figure I got 14 days total use out of it . I will wait 90 days before giving a review again .8 / 14/12I asked the Kaz folks to please consider exchanging to a newer model ... They sent me a a BK300 really constructed differently and looks like it will stand up better . It has been plugged in and going for the last 4 days . It is different because of the black light and has an energy saving feature from dusk to dawn sensor . I am hoping this one will hold up . Will keep y' all posted from the south .
 The Stinger brand of bug zappers is generally unreliable , in my experience . I am on my second 1-acre model ; the first one stopped working after 2 days , and the other one still has quirks , especially if it gets wet even in a light rain . I decided to try the 1.5 acre model when I moved into a new house with a back yard near a lot of trees and a creek , knowing the mosquitoes would be bad . I turned it on and it looked great with the dark purple black lights . Unfortunately , it did not zap any bugs . It was broken right out of the box . I returned it and decided to go with the Flowtron instead , that brand has much better reviews and seems to be more reliable . No more Stinger bug zappers for me !
 Stinger : Pros - With mosquito lure , killed lotsa bad insects -LRB- at first , then would n't zap small insects ! -RRB- - BUT!Cons - Their electric wire grid uses square wires that QUICKLY clog up . Pretty soon it was packed solid & killing nothing!I had to keep blowing it out -LRB- air compressor -RRB- every couple ofdays - HASSLE!Flowtron `` 80 ! '' -LRB- took puny 40 back ! -RRB- - Pros - Killed lots more bugs , because it NEVER clogs up -LRB- zaps small insects too ! -RRB- ! The electric rods are straight up/down , so no cross wires to catch falling insects & clog.Dead insects fall out the bottom - Blow clean once a month ... I used the Stinger mosquito lure , purchased at Wally World ... Cons - The only con is that the outer protective plastic cage HAD bars only about 1/2 '' apart -LRB- same with Stinger -RRB- - This kept larger moths ... from being able to easily get in to the electric grid.I used a large wire cutter & cut out every 3d bar - on top 2/3ds of cage . Alternating ... , so cut bar was in the middle of two solid bars on adajacent side - Still rigid!I put it on an outside timer -LRB- for when evenings cool down - Not much insect activity below 55 degrees ... -RRB- . Adjust accordingly.Never hang it near a door , as their is always a 10 ' + swarm of insects around it.Try to hang it over head high , in a DRY -LRB- electric -RRB- area .
 I bought one of these when they were still $ 80 . I would not buy one now if it was on sale for $ 10 . If you buy one of these -LRB- and I hope that you do not -RRB- , you are going to get the model that is in the picture kindly provided by Mr. Bryant . This unit has two bulbs . One of them burned out in my unit after only about a month . So , I bought a replacement -LRB- Stinger brand -RRB- bulb for about $ 15 at Wal-Mart . Then the other bulb burned out a few weeks later . So , I bought another bulb -LRB- another $ 15 -RRB- . Then after about three months , BOTH bulbs starting putting out a strange yellow-orange glow and the grid no longer `` zapped '' bugs . After a short lifetime of about three months , it went into the garbage can . Yeah , I could have messed with the warranty , but it just was not worth it . I 'll bet that other people will though , and I 'm going to predict that Amazon will quit selling these things because of the high rate of complaints and returns . Maybe I just got a bad one , but I doubt it . I 'll never buy another Stinger or Honeywell product . I go on the consumer philosophy of `` Sell me a bad product once , shame on you . Sell me a bad product twice , shame on me '' . You 've been warned .
 I 've had numerous Flowtron zappers in the past . They do so good a job it burns out the high voltage transformer after a year or two . It sounds like the fourth of July most nights.I bought a Stinger 80W this time and returned it for a refund the next day . The grid is too far apart to kill gnats and mosquitos . They fly all around it in safety.Plus the grids are not side-by-side like the Flowtron , but one grid is inside the other , closer to the lights . So if the bugs are too big , like moths , they ca n't make it through the outer grid and never get zapped . And if they are too small , like mosquitos and gnats , they never get zapped either.Don ' t waste your time on this brand .
 Do n't waste your money on this crap . Two months of use and both bulbs along with the spare have gone out . It would n't attract anything but an electric bill now . Keep away , far away from this product and keep your money in your pocket .
 One of the lights was burned out and the electric zapper mesh kept buzzing all the time `` bugs or not '' , not a good product ,
 this bed air goes out to often and has big bubbles in it wish i never HAVE BOUGHT IT
 I thought these looked cool but once I got them I realized they look sooo stupid . If you want to draw attention to yourself and have people laugh at you then fine go ahead an buy this . What a waste of my money .
 these are stylish glass . If you do not need peripheral vision . glass lenses are too small . you can see the frames in your field of vision . Only pro is the carrying case .
 I 'm sorry to be a spoiler , but the tree I received is nothing like what the earlier reviewers apparently received . Theirs may look something like the photo , mine does n't . You be the judge . Mine came in a 4 '' diameter round pot , 3 '' high , with 2 1/2 '' of soil in it . My tree is not more than 5 1/2 '' tall from the soil line to the top . The foliage is no more than 1/3 that of the pictured tree , and the branches all extend from the top 1/2 '' of the trunk , virtually all of them horizontally . They are tiny . It will require a year or two of careful attention for mine to begin to approach the size and shape of the pictured tree . The tree arrived at the bottom of a tall shipping box , which had been filled with styrofoam `` peanuts , '' with no protection provided against crushing . Not surprisingly , one of the branches was bent and broken . Okay , it was only a $ 10 tree -LRB- plus postage -RRB- , but I doubt than anyone would have paid that much for it if they had seen it in a store . I 've given two stars , because it does appear to be a tree of the right species and it 's alive . I could send it back , but that sounds like a lot of trouble and like throwing good money after bad . I 'm a little concerned , because before this one arrived I had already ordered two other small trees at $ 15 each from Hirt 's Gardens , and I wonder what I will be getting .
 This file package contains 2 files for $ 10.95 . Other vendors on this site are selling the same for less than $ 4.00 . Also , you can buy a 12 pack for about $ 12.00 . The files are fantastic , but it does n't make sense to spend that much on two .
 Very simply the Heron is still fishing my pond clean of hundreds of dollars worth of fish .
 I bought two of these , plastic Herons and they DO NOT INCLUDE THE LEG PICTURED now I have no use for a nesting heron and I will have to return these two Heron Decoys to get ones that can stand on their own two legs .
 I had this feeder less than a month and the plastic area where the metal hanger screws into broke . I 'm very disappointed !! I 'm hoping I can make it work by inserting the hanger all the way to the bottom of the feeder and use washers to hold it in place.I would NOT buy this feeder again.Florence Lewis
 I was disappointed with the small dishes to put the jelly in compared to the other feeder that I had . My old feeder 's perches broke and when I tried to find it again to buy , it was not available . My orioles and catbirds like the jelly a lot more than the nectar ...
 My Oriole feeder from the last 3 seasons finally broke , so I got this one to replace it . This feeder is small and light weight -LRB- not a bad thing in itself -RRB- but you ca n't see how much nectar is left in the feeder so you do n't know when to refill it . My Orioles really like nectar . I know a lot of people say they like grape jelly and oranges more than nectar but my Orioles do n't - they LOVE the nectar . Right now all I have hanging up out there are 2 cheap -LRB- Wally World -RRB- Hummer feeders and they 're attracting all the Orioles I can handle ! I think I 'll stick with them - the Orioles do n't discourage the Hummers -LRB- they 're not afraid of those big guys ! -RRB- so I get the best of both worlds on one feeder . I would n't purchase this feeder .
 I liked the style and ease of this feeder but too many honeybees were dying . I came home one day and there were bees stuck inside some still slowly drowning . I took them out and saved as many as I could . The next day there were probably 100 dead honeybees inside this feeder . I do n't know if it is a poor design but I do n't want to be killing any more honeybees . I have n't used it since . I think it was probably a waste of money .
 Wow ! This particular Oriole feeder just disappointed me so much , I had to let others know . First , the ant feeder `` built in '' ... well , get ready folks if you live in a `` busy ant '' community . Ants simply build a bridge right over the little built in ant guard which sits in the middle . Yeppers , you put water in it but hey , those ants do n't mind as it is not `` big '' enough to discourage them . I have to wonder whoever designed this product if he or she lives in a `` busy ant '' neighborhood . Hopefully , Audubon will make this a little wider on any future updates!Second , the jelly ... oh the jelly ! I ran up to the store just so excited ! Could n't wait to get my new feeder and put some of that good ole ' jelly in it for my Orioles . Man oh man ... those Orioles look at that jelly like it is poison , but once again , the flies , ants , wasps and little tiny insects of all kinds love that good old fashion grape jelly ! If you want to see insects , just buy this product and put some jelly in it ... You are sure to please your local neighborhood `` insect , wasps , bee , varmints '' ... sigh!Then , comes the orange ! Yep , see that orange in the middle of the picture ! Wow ... I even bought oranges waiting for this to arrive ... sigh ! ... another wasp , bee , fly ant attractant ! From observing the Orioles , they are `` mad as heck '' because they ca n't get to the little `` holes '' to feed on the nectar . That dang orange is blocking the holes ... so , I try a smaller orange with same results . My beloved Orioles do n't want an orange in the center of their feeder so it seems.Now , comes the part that makes me want to return this product , and probably will ... if my hummingbirds could feed off this thing , I would just disregard my Orioles dislikes ! But , hummingbirds can not `` fit '' to it ! The design is strictly for the Orioles ... no hummers allowed ! Oh , the little darlings did try ... buzzing around looking , and trying oh so hard , but off they went to the `` real thing '' I have for them ! There are feeders out their that both hummers and Orioles can share!Thank goodness my Orioles still love my old , and I mean old hummingbird feeder with the `` larger '' holes in it.Sigh ... sigh ... sigh ... Audubon , I love ya ' but really ? Your organization can do better !
 I chose this feeder because of the Audubon seal . The quality and price were fine , but the orioles only ate the grape jelly . They never touched the sugar mixture or the orange . I wish I had just purchased a jelly feeder .
 Agree with others.The cover fit nicely over the chimney and side firebox . But it only lasted one year . At first seams came apart as I carefully lifted it off . Pretty soon swatches of the cover would come off in my hands where I grasped it for removal.Rather than spend $ 25 a year to cover the grill -- and I really need to protect it from the elements because I use it only for smoking meats and have upholstered the whole thing with welding blanket material for heat efficiency -- I 'm going to get a long-lasting product that , though perhaps ill-fitting , will protect it and my wallet .
 From the description , I thought this would be a durable long-lasting cover . I had the same impression when I received it and put it into use . But after just five months into service , the material had completely thinned out at the top from being in the sun , became brittle , and ripped all the way across the top . The `` heavy duty '' material therefore turned out to be of very low quality , unable to stand up to the sun . I have never seen a barbeque cover wear out so quickly .
 The cover functions ok , with dimensions correctly advertised to fit my BBQ cart and adequate material to resist the rain . The stictched seams however were poorly sewn and do n't expect this cover to last more than 1 year . I was expecting better workmanship for the price .
 This cover -LRB- size medium -RRB- is supposed to fit a BBQ up to 60 '' wide . Well mine is 60 '' exactly and this cover only covered the top half of the BBQ . The bottom half of the BBQ was left completely uncovered and exposed . Sending it back for a refund .
 It was difficult to find a large enough grill cover , so while this was wide enough , it did n't cover the entire height of the grill .
 Yes , it 's all true
 I had this unit for 2 seasons and the transmission went out . I took it into the dealer and they claimed they went to Honda and they said I miss used it . I am 30 + years in the nursery industry I treat all my tools with care . I use this piece of junk for only 2 gardening spring seasons in my 3 raised garden beds . Stay away from this product as Honda does not stand behind it !! I bought a Mantis 3 years ago and am very happy with it .
 I do n't care what the picture shows , the tag on the plug says `` indoor use only '' . Picture is deceptive , and should be removed .
 I purchased a 2X4 white deck planter through an outside vendor , 7 Gifts , on Amazon . Received the item quickly , however it was the wrong size and the wrong color . I contacted the vendor who said they did not have what I wanted in stock so I would have to return it to them so they could see what could be done . They said they would refund half the return shipping charges . Unfortunately , they never did.After several calls to 7 Gifts , they did refund my original purchase price -LRB- not including the shipping charges -RRB- but never refunded half the shipping charges.When I located the 2X4 white deck planter in their online catalog , they told me they did n't have this item in their line ... they used a different vendor -LRB- even though it showed up in their catalog -RRB- . All in all it was a bad purchase and I would never use this vendor again .
 I ordered the rectangular pot but never received it because it was back ordered . A couple weeks went by and it still did not arrive so I called the shipper to find out what happened and was told it would ship in a week without any explanation for the delay or why they never e-mailed me to give me the status.I called AMAZOM and complained about the shipper and lack of customer service.Next thing I know is a notification that they were crediting my account .
 I had to send planters back which cost big bucks because the description did n't tell me they fit a 6 inch railing instead of a 4 inch railing .
 We got everything set up real nice and the deer fence was almost invisible.Our garden had been growing really well when I got a call from the neighbour that the deer were in our garden.We now have wire around our garden.Not as pretty , but deer proof.The netting did n't keep the deer out .
 This product is not nearly strong enough to deter deer from entering our property . The deer have a tendancey to nudge the barrier , which causes the netting to break where it is tied to the posts . Wind also causes the netting to break at the ties . Ultimately , with enough breaks , the netting will sag and no long be a barrier to keeping the deer out.I am currently looking for something a lot stronger .
 This may keep deer away but it is way too hard to put up . It clings to EVERYTHING - grass , hats , glasses . twigs . You name it and it will get caught in it . I never could get it straight and in place .
 This stuff is incredibly thin . And I ca n't quite understand all of the great reviews , especially the ones that suggest that this stuff is easy to work with . They must have incredible patience , or were n't expecting much . -LRB- I bought a heavier version of this type netting previously , and had a pretty good idea what I was getting . -RRB- It is hard to work with -LRB- do n't wear anything with buttons -RRB- because it 's so light and catches on everything . I ca n't imagine using it for fencing - I drape it over azaleas , etc. . I think it discourages the deer , because otherwise , they 'd certainly be able to chew right through it . I note that nowhere on the package does it give any indication of how thick the plastic is . That 's because it 's almost not there .
 I bought this netting to keep deer out of recently planted garden area . I put it up Saturday . On Sunday , I had small birds stuck in the netting . They were unable to get out , and their struggling caused them to become very entwined . Fortunately , I was able to cut them out of the netting . While it worked for the deer , I really do not want to harm other wildlife , which is why this product is only receiving one star . I took it down immediately and purchased wire fencing from Home Depot . It cost twice as much , but I am just not ok with wildlife being trapped in netting material for the sake of a few flowers . I really do not recommend using this .
 Not up to Stannard 's usual standards of excellence in sounds . The tubes are solid - not hollow . They produce a tinkling , tinny , unpleasant sound -LRB- my opinion -RRB- . As they are small , they chime most of the time , on the slightest air currant . Rather unnerving . This chime is , however , very pretty . Small size , shiny bronze tubes , pretty green woods and very nice feather engraving . That is why I gave it 2 stars . For appearance , rather than for any melodious sound .
 Not up to Stannard 's usual standards of excellence in sounds . The tubes are solid - not hollow . They produce a tinkling , tinny , unpleasant sound -LRB- my opinion -RRB- . As they are small , they chime most of the time , on the slightest air currant . Rather unnerving . This chime is , however , very pretty . Small size , shiny bronze tubes , pretty green woods and very nice feather engraving . That is why I gave it 2 stars . For appearance , rather than for any melodious sound .
 Very bad product . Not work . The company say that is a new tecnologic but is not a good equipment . I will not buy again .
 the other reviewer is overly optimistic if he hopes it will last . bought one last week and loved how well and evenly it watered . on the 2nd day of use -LRB- we 're talking 1 hour/day -RRB- , it started `` sticking '' , i.e. it would oscillate to one side , and stick there for a while , after a few seconds it would start to move again . by the 3rd use , it would n't oscillate at all.so i got a replacement . within 5 minutes it was stuck on one side , not moving at all . when i picked it up to take a look at it , water was pouring out of the bottom -LRB- not the hose connection at the back , but literally the bottom of the unit -RRB- . i got mine at home depot ... it was the most expensive unit they sell -LRB- outside of the travelling sprinklers -RRB- . i bought another brand , but if that does n't work , i 'll break down and buy the $ 50 gardena sprinkler from amazon .
 These sprinklers used to work very well . . lasting a couple of seasons . The ones I purchased this year did not work from the start !!!!
 I hope it was just a fluke , but my first unit only lasted 3 months of light use before the gears stripped out and it stopped turning . Hopefully the second unit I bought at the same time -LRB- just started using it this year -RRB- lasts a little longer.I originally bought this because of the high quality construction , it looked like it would last a long time . Mine has an aluminum enclosure that has screws so it can be taken apart . I took it apart only to find everything in a non serviceable plastic gear box . This was a big waste of money because it was much more expensive than a cheap oscillator and did n't last as long.The reason I gave it two stars instead of one is that it does do a good job watering with nice even flow and adjustable width . The adjustable width does n't make it much wider or narrower , but is still useful . If you want to water a slightly longer area , close all the valves and there is slightly higher water pressure so the water can go a little further out . If you open all the valves it will shorten the area , but be a little wider at the same time .
 I purchased this sprinkler about 4 days ago . Tonight I look out and it is stuck to one side . I played around with it for a while , it would sweep back and forth two or three times than stick again . This is a horrible product !
 I got this thinking how great it would be for the many bulbs I decide to plant each fall . How fun and easy ! Yes , maybe if you are a 180 pound man . Even with that in mind , your soil still has to be really ` nice ' soil for this tool to get down into it the full length . This was for naturalizing , not soft garden soil . I weigh 100 lbs . This did not work for me at all . I used it to help get holes started , but that 's it . Also , the edge should have been much more thin , like a good shovel , its edge is too thick to go in easily . Not worth the money .
 I purchased this pump 2 months ago and it now has no pressure . It started out good and was very happy , but now as I 've been on hold for 25min . with Beckett customer service and I am getting very frustrated .
 Bought this pump in May 2011 . Hooked it up for my fountain , who 's previous pump worked for 12 years . This one lasted all of about 6 months . Of course , it was running 3 hours a day!Junk . Less than junk . Worthless . Less than worthless . $ 175.00 + labor WORTHLESS
 Good people and customer service but about half of these do n't work very long and a few did n't ever work . Good return policy but product motor is not good . Too bad cause they are really beautiful when they work correctly
 I have no windows with direct sunlight and it will not work . Good Idea but it needs a bigger solar cell .
 I was very excited to find this item on Amazon , bought 2 of them , it does n't work as it should .
 Others had written reviews indicating this product did not work or quit working . Add me to that group . Arrived promptly . Did not work . Returned promptly . Product no good . Amazon return system very good .
 I really like the single crystal version of this , but all 3 of the double rainbow makers I own have developed a `` clicking '' as the gears have stripped . -LRB- All 3 are Kikkerland -RRB- . The single version has been trouble free and I have owned them for over 2 years .
 Kikkerland Window-Mount Solar-Powered Heart Rainbow MakerI have this rainbow maker . I also have a double rainbow maker and gave two others like this as gifts . I was totally embarassed when the receiver of the gift said it only worked a week or so and then quit ! My double rainbow maker worked for a couple of months and then it quit also . Bummer . I see some of the gears working in mine , but do n't know how to get into it and/or how to fix it . I should think the manufacturer would remedy this problem since I am not the only one to complain . The concept of rainbows filling the rooms is totally wonderfu and the price a bit spendy to be so disappointing . Hoping somewhere there are simple directions a little old grandma can understand so I can fix them . I would buy more of them if that were the case .
 We have had one of these for the past three years . It provided endless entertainment for my daughter when the sun was coming in the windows . Suction cups made it easy to move it around as the sun moved throughout the day . I would give this 5 stars ... but they are not working anymore . I emailed Kikkerland about it , and they said the solar cells degrade after two years . For the price , I honestly expected it to last much longer .
 Perhaps I 'm using it for the wrong type of application , but I found this product to be very ineffective . When purchasing this item , my intention was to spray an herbicide and sufactant over my lawn and mix in this product to tell where I sprayed . I mixed the solution based on the label 's recommendation , and I could n't see the blue color on my dark green grass . This product may work well for fairways or greens on golf courses where the grass is cut very short ; but for residential use , it gets lost in the taller grass . It would be much more effective if it was white instead of blue .
 Received this item and placed it in vehicle which is seldom driven . When I drove it about a month later , battery seem low but it started . 10 days later , it did n't . I unplugged the unit and did a voltage check of the charger with a multimeter . No charge was coming out of the cigarette lighter plug-in . Did a continuity check on the cord and it was good . Did a voltage check at the plug on the unit and no voltage . Apparently there is an internal fault and the unit never worked .
 Scoop is OK , especially for the price . But the sticker wo n't come off without scrubbing , then more scrubbing , and then the scoop still has sticky glue left on it . I rated this scoop one star because of the sticker glue .
 When I recieved the hammock chair in the mail , I was shocked . It was ugly and very cheaply made . It looked like if anyone ocer 20 pounds sat in it . that it would break . I have not seen such poor workmanship on a product in such a long time . I would not recommend these to anyone nor would I buy anything like this from this company again .
 This was an adorable bird feeder that was supposed to deter squirels , but it did n't sending the feeder crashing to the ground .
 Do n't waste your money with this bird feeder - I purchased it because I thought it was cute and the price was right - but they should pay me for using it . It 's very poorly made , hard to fill , cheap materials , etc. , etc. , I think you get the point .
 got this for my kid and after a few days it went dead.the sun here in florida is strong but i would think a summer time fun product would be made to stand up to the sun .
 Cover was way too big for pool , so hangs on ground and does not fit tight .
 The cover is very difficult to put on by one person . It is also very flimsy ; does n't cover pool well . I give this cover a very poor rating . In all it does keep the leaves and dirt out of the pool . I would n't recommend this cover for this size pool .
 So , we bought this pool for our 1 year-old son . On Day 1 , the water was too cold from the hose , so he did n't want to be in it . On Day 2 , the bottom was slimey , and he fell down , so he did n't want to be in it.How do you keep this pool clean ? We bought the cover - more or less useless , to be perfectly honest.If you want to fill the pool every time you 're going to use it , great . Me ? Not so much ...
 This isnt a toy , so my ratings were down . However its a great pool cover for 103 inch and 120 inch pools . THe draw string really doesnt draw so you have to tuck it under the pool but it stayed put through a storm . Worth the price !
 i bought this pool cover for my intex rectangular party pool -LRB- 120x72x22 '' -RRB- . i was worried it would n't fit because my pool has headrests that stick up on each end ; however , it fit great . BUT the first night we put the cover on , it rained . the rain puddled in the middle of the cover , and the weight of the water warped the pool on one side . after we drained the pool , the pool went back to normal . but the whole reason we bought the pool cover was so that we would n't have to keep draining and filling the pool . so anyway , i do n't think there 's anything wrong with this particular pool cover . i 'm just not sure a pool cover for an inflatable pool makes sense . i guess it could work if you found something to prop it up in the middle so that the water did n't puddle .
 Purchased this pool cover for my oversized kiddie pool . This cover is such a hassle for 1 person , I find myself circling the pool constantly adjusting each corner over and over again . If it 's a windy day it will take longer to put on properly . The string that you tie around the bottom of the cover loosens after a while and the cover sags and pulls away from the sides . For some reason I was expecting a cover that is similar to a shower cap , something with elastic on the bottom that I could easily pull over the pool and it would stay . I 'm not able to pull the cover as tight as you see in the picture . I do n't think it 's worth the hassle .
 Fits the pool great until the wind blows ! I 'd spend 5 dollars on this but 20 + shipping is not worth it !
 I loved the look and the feel of this hammock out of the box . It was a great father 's day present ... until it started disintegrating day by day . Now , if you brush your hand across the hammock , gobs of green particles -LRB- fabric or dye or both -RRB- appear on your hand . In any event , Amazon has been helpful in the return process and I understand they are no longer offering this product . I really wish this product was better because it was a very comfortable two-person hammock .
 THIS ITEM LOOKED GREAT UPON DELIVERY . HOWEVER , 7 MONTHS LATER . THIS HAMMOCK IS DISINEGRATING . LITERALLY BREAKING APART IN PIECES AND ROTTING . I HAVE NEVER SEEN A HAMMOCK , FALL APART LIKE THIS IN SUCH A SHORT PERIOD OF TIME . I WENT TO LAY OUTSIDE IN THE SUN TODAY - STRINGS BROKE AND I WAS COVERED IN BLACK SPECS OF NYLON . I GOT UP AND SHOOK OFF THE HAMMOCK . THERE WAS A PILE OF VERY FINE BLACK NYLON MATERIAL ON THE GROUND . I CLOSELY EXAMINED THE MATERIAL AND IT IS ROTTING , DISINEGRATING IN MY HANDS AS I HELD IT . CALLED AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE - WE WILL SEE THE OUTCOME .
 This hammock was the worse ever ! It was so hard and never seemed to get broken in . I slipped off everytime I tried to get on it and it was very hard to maintain balance once on . The fabric did not have any give in it at all . Eventually the fabric started to come off on your clothes . We just threw it away one day . We had had enough ! Waste of money .
 Like others have said , it 's great when you first buy it . Shortly thereafter , though , it starts shedding green fibers such that even if you just brush up against it you 'll turn you and your clothing green . If you actually dare to lay in the hammock , you 'll be covered head-to-toe in green when you get up . AVOID !
 Just like the others say this thing is unusable in just a few weeks , it leaves itself allover you and just makes a huge mess . I just brought mine to the curb.WHAT A PIECE OF CRAP !
 Hammock was covered in gray mold . The box was torn and taped on one end and looked as though someone had returned it before . Also , I was supprised to see that it was made of hard nylon seatbelt type strapping . I do not recall the discription explaining the material . I returned it for a full refund with no hassel from amazon .
 Will add pix at a later time - after getting beyond the disappointment of what this product failed to deliver - See Petunia seed reviews
 I just tried to transplant a bunch of seedlings into this mix . There are A LOT of twigs in here ... bigger than should be in a mix designed for starting new seeds . How hard is it to sift mix guys ? I would not buy this again .
 I bought 2
 This product was poorly built . The little nails used to expand the gate pops out , which results in the wood detaching from each other as the gate is being folded in and out . Craftmanship is of poor quality . I was n't expecting it to be of oak , but I was expecting rivets to be used to allow for a more dorable product when the gate is folded and expanded . Not happy with this product !
 Super cheap thin almost scraps of wood from China . I had ordered 2 and only rec 'd 1 . Cancelled second before they shipped it out . It is in garage in original box . Totally too unpresentable to even re-sell at a garage sale $ 13 + wasted here . Never used this company again .
 It 's too flemsy and my small dogs can knock it over and go under it . . it 's too high off the ground and I had to add hooks to keep it stable and prevent dogs from being able to knock it over , it really was a waste of money and I should have just brought a baby gate instead .
 This item was poorly built . The density of the wood was extremely light , and the expanding lattice is only connected to each side in one place . I assume this was to make the extending fence easier to adjust , but it is so loose that the sides leaned inward and to make it even work to hold my 15lbs dog I had to use a tension bar to hold it against the door frame . Within a week one of the connections had split making the entire thing completely useless . If they had just added connections to the sides it would have been a lot better but the whole thing is so light that any size dog could push it out of the way .
 I thought this would be more sturdy but it is very flimsy wood . Not very well built . A small dog can knock it over.I wouldnt recommend it
 I was extremely disappoint on this item . I planned to use it for my cats to prevent them from going downstairs in my apartment complex . The instructions said not for small pets or children . So , I gave it away . If you have a garden maybe you can use it for that hbowever if small pets or not suppose to be near because they will get . hurt then you injured the animal.Also items very flimsy . I did not return it because it cost more to return .
 I should have returned the gate when I opened the box . Common sense told me the gate would n't be sturdy enough but I wanted it to work . I easily and quickly put the gate together . I used two of them outside exactly like the picture . I even secured one side so it did n't keep falling over in the wind . One grab to move the gate and the entire end pulled out/broke . It 's a great idea and I 'd be willing to pay more for a sturdy gate that worked . Total waste of money if you need something for more than decoration .
 after one week , the item was broken . the nails connecting woods are too weak to break . it 's not useful . I recommend not to order it
 It is broken when I received the product . Some of the thin wood frame was dropped and my husband needs to nail it to fix them . It looks not sturdy but for the time being , we use the item block our door from the yard after our repair .
 Not purchased on Amazon but it definitely is the same piece of junk we bought . Not useful as a baby gate , a pet gate , or a garden fence . There is no reflection on any company selling this item . I am only complaining about the non-usefulness , poor quality , unsafe construction of this item . Assembly is awkward because fingers and tools are hard to fit in the grooves where we had to screw in the nuts and bolts - yes , to assemble the base feet to the fence posts it takes two people to keep it from cracking or breaking while assembling it.The fold-out slats are held together with tiny flimsy staples that come out easily as the gate is folded in and out . The fence does n't fold out in a straight line but curves out crooked when extended . The slats are the quality of balsa wood and the pieces are all very splintery.Too lightweight to stay standing on its own . I would not use this anywhere near a baby or precious pet . As far as using the fence as a visual barrier , our two-pound and four-pound pets crawled under the spacious opening at the bottom of the fence or just pushed it over . I mean a garden lizard knocked it over outside when he jumped onto it because it is so lightweight !!! Ca n't use this in the garden unless it 's anchored down with sandbags or cement blocks because the slightest breeze knocks it over causing more damage each time the fence falls over . It 's not sturdy enough to use as a trellis because the staples come out easily with the slightest bit of weight on the accordion slats.The companies selling this fence should heed reviews and discontinue this flimsy non-usable product .
 I ordered this very same gate online from a well-known garden supply company , I THINK through its Amazon store . We were foster-caring puppies , and I was hoping to get something more attractive than the standard baby gate to keep them confined to certain rooms.I wish I could rate this `` no stars at all '' , or even `` negative stars '' but it looks like I have to rate it at least one star . I will , under protest.Here 's your dose of irony
 I do n't think that this gate is constructed well enough to withstand the rigors as a child gate . It is possibly usable as a pet gate if the petis already disciplined . It would make an attractive divider to be used with a decorum inside or outside but not as a primary means to preventpassage .
 I am calling this a garbage gate because one of the two gates I ordered went in the garbage before I even put it together because there were screws missing and slates that had come loose . There was no dammage to the box so I think it was packed in this condition before shipping it . The second gate lasted 2 days before it went in the garbage . It also had slats that had come a loose while in the box . This gate also gave me a splinter in my finger from simpley touching it to open it . I did not use it outdoors . There is no way that this gate would last outdoors ! This gate is not worth 2 cents so I was very happy when the company refunded me the 44.95 I spent on them.Great customer service in handeling my refund .
 made poorly , materials cheap , falls apart , ca n't be repaired because of cheap wood , rough to the touch and ugly to boot !!!! Seller would NOT provide a refund !!!!
 This gate is 100 % useless . Please do n't waste your hard earned money on this . The picture is an illusion . The space along the bottom is so high that my -LRB- large -RRB- cat 's and my small dog literally walk right under it ! It is extremely light weight . A light wind blows it right over . This gate is more of a danger than a help . It will NOT stop a child , dog or cat from passing . The slightest touch tips it right over . A child could easily fall down stairs right along with this gate . It is dangerous , flimsy , fragile and absolutely useless . Spend a few more dollars and buy a real gate . I threw this in the trash .
 It is not even close to the color in the picture , which has the appearance of being stained . This is closer to unfinished wood . Wood is poorly finished , has a lot of rough spots . Also , the picture does not clearly show that when fully expanded , it raises the bottom up about 8 inches and a small dog intent on getting to the other side -LRB- like my two Cairns -RRB- can shimmy underneath . Being as light as it is , I fear it could fall over on them when they try to get under it .
 The fence is cheaply made , flimsy and not worth the money . One of the fences I ordered broke within a few days . One of the staves split . The staves are just NOT strong enough !!! I would not recommend this product to anyone and I certainly wo n't puchase any more of them .
 I ordered this to place in front of my stairs to keep my 16 month old from climbing up them . I knew it would act as a barrier and she would avoid it ; I knew it was n't something permanent or particularly sturdy . As soon as I got it , I noticed it said , `` Keep pets and children away '' on the box . When I opened the box , I saw that it was unfinished wood . If you touch it , you are bound to get at least one splinter . In the picture , it looks finished and painted/stained , but that is not the case . Perhaps it could be used outdoors , but I do n't see how or where ...
 When I first received the wooden fence it had a broken foot and the slates were coming out . i had ordered one before this one and it was great i do n't know where I got the last one from but i did let them know my disfactationd they credit my account . i can tell you this web site for writing this letter STINKS you type a letter and you have to wait at least 2 secondsbefore it shows also the package came without any partts to put it together with
 this gate is poorly made , it fell apart about 15 min after i set it up , the sides broke off the ends and it looked like they cut the wood pieces right before shipping . not impressed .
 Arrived broken because of how cheaply made it was . Way too flimsy and unstable . Not attractive at all . Definitely will not keep an animal out of restricted areas .
 This is the a piece of plywood junk . Not recommended.I will be returning it . Not at all what I expected .
 These fences are poorly constructed and extremely flimsy . I wish I had read the other reviews before I purchased them . I purchased three but only returned two since unfortunately , I no longer had the box from the one we opened and tested . After writing that I wanted to return the fences , I was informed I would have to pay the shipping to return them , so I returned the two still in their boxes and it cost me $ 23 to ship them back . The nails all started popping out of the diagonal slats , and the space created below the fence once it is stretched out was so high that any dog or child could easily get out underneath it , not to mention it would fall apart easily with any pressure against it . Not sure what these fences are to be used for , but definitely not to prevent children or dogs from passing through .
 The first thing I notice when the shipment arrived is that the wooden fence is very fragile and one of the wooden piece on the fence was broken already !
 I purchased two of these gates and thought that they would have a finished look and be more stable then they are.They are not acceptable for inside the house . They are unfinished and have splinters sticking out from all areas.I am not sure just how long they will be here before they go into the trashI am sorry that I did not repurchase from QVC where I bought one that is finished and sturdy and looks nice in my home.I went for price NOT quality . . What a mistake
 Snapped and fell apart quickly . Does not balance well on carpeted services . Would not purchase again . You get what you pay for .
 Very flimsy expandable fence - wind took it down first day and wrecked part of it . We bought wooden two-by-four frame to put expandable part in to salvage some of the cost . The expandable fence price is not worth the wood it 's made of .
 I bought this to throw a towel over to block a view and I think it will work fine , but it is very flimsy and was missing a part for which I had to make a trip to the home store to get the missing nut . If you are trying to keep something out of an area , these are not for you .
 It is rather a flimsy produce that sort of gets ` weaker ' as you use it ... the two ends appear to sag after awhile .
 This is a piece of junk . Not worth the money . My four pound dog pushes it aside and walks right into my living room .
 Absolutely the worst purchase I 've made on Amazon . This fence is really paper weight . The wood begin to crack while I was assembling it . It is made of the cheapest materials . Also , while handling it , you can easily get splinters.Additionally , the wind keeps blowing it over . I am hoping to refund this purchase ...
 I wanted to use this as a pet barricade . We have two little dogs and it was n't even heavy enough to keep them from knocking it over . In addition , the gap at the bottom is too large to keep small animals from just going under it . I 'm sure it would be great for some other uses , but not to restrict your pets .
 I ordered 4 of these gates . I could not believe how flimsy and poorly put together they were , nothing like the picture which looks like a nicer gate . The ad said nothing about being `` rustic '' , but the directions that came with the fence says `` rustic wood '' . It is rough wood and is stapled together . I find the ad to be misleading . This is not worth the money .
 flimsy and did not work ; dogs turned over and walked over - - I had to return
 Silly me , I did n't heed the advise of the majority of the reviewers . This gate is so rickety that my 10-pound Maltese was able to knock it over the first hour . What a waste of money .
 Very disappointed in the quality of this product . Appears homemade , and is not sturdy whatsoever . Would not purchase this product again , or recommend it to anyone .
 The company is great and ships promptly and refunded me promptly . Product is terrible . Besides the fact that it broke as soon as we stretched it , the materials used to make this are of poor quality . A child or animal could break the `` fence '' portion with a gentle tub/pull . DO NOT purchase if this is meant to keep your child/animal out of harm 's way . Unfortunately , I was so excited by the fact I found something like this , i did n't bother reading the reviews . People share my concerns .
 Cheaply built . The joints are held together with nails that are bent over in the back . will not last long at all . One `` hinge '' fell apart within a week .
 This is the cheapest product ever . It feels like it 's made from balsa wood . You can blow it over . If it hits the ground it 'll splinter into pieces . This thing is n't going to keep anything held back . Pets can easily crawl under the gap between the bottom of it and the ground . Does n't match the description at all . Do n't waste your time giving this one a try .
 Picnic World Plus advertises USUALLY SHIPS WITHIN 6 TO 10 DAYS . I ordered mine Jan 3 , then a week later I get an email saying delivery will be Feb 12-25 . That 's 39 to 53 days !!!!! As of Jan 26th , advertisement still says `` 6 TO 10 DAYS '' . Be honest and update your website .
 Do n't by these from Amazon . They are not pack for shipping and arrive broken . Go to a store and pick them up . It is worth the time and money .
 We bought this , since it was rated for 225 ' of hose storage . We have two 100 ' hoses for our front lawn so that we can water from one end of our home to the other , and the entire front yard.It was not well assembled ; it leaked and we had to disassemble the entire box to reseat the inlet connection where it joins to the reel.It constantly breaks - the center shaft is too weak to support the weight of the hose if there is the least bit of residual water in it and it collapses , making it virtually impossible to unreel the hose without taking the entire product apart . It finally broke the locking tabs this weekend when we tried to unreel it.It also tips over when you are trying to unreel the hose , and takes forever to wind the hose back up , due to a high gear ratio - each crank winds up a very small amount of hose.If you have a smaller lawn , and only need 100 ' or so of hose , this would probably work well for you . But it is NOT capable of handling 200 - 225 feet of hose , as stated . It just does n't hold up . The sad thing is , they could invest a few more cents in producing a quality product that is sturdier , and have a great product that people would be willing to pay more for .
 This hose reel seems to have a bad design . The mount where the water supply hooks up leaks . It has a sliding mechanism the seems to lock when there is no water pressure , but the minute any water is running , it just leaks out the bottom . All the parts are plastic , which seems to be the norm for low end reels.Stay away from this one .
 I liked that it kept the hose out of sight and protected it . On all 3 , the outer connection pulled out , thus rendering it useless . I purchased them at Target a couple of years ago , but for the price point they are a huge rip off . I agree w / the other reviewers , save your money .
 What a piece of junk , leaked like crazy , right out of the box.Took it apart and applied Teflon tape where hose joins inner reel , lasted until the tape wore out , one season .
 The PTK200D is rated for 225 feet of hose , but by the time only 100 feet were wound on it the reel began slipping and jamming . The handle was so flimsy it felt ready to snap off and the `` guide '' that was supposed to glide back and forth and evenly wind the hose onto the reel made one pass and then stalled in place and wound the hose entirely around the right end of the reel . Useless .
 The whole reel is made of cheap and thin plastic . The crank gear is also plastic , and as soon as you put some stress on it -LRB- like trying to rewind a 100ft hose laying on the ground -RRB- it will start skipping and coming apart . The whole product is made of smaller plastic parts that are snapped together , which can not take the smallest amount of stress without breaking off from one another . By my second heavily assisted rewind the whole assembly started leaking like mad -LRB- something else snapped I guess -RRB- , prompting me to return it.This seems to be a common theme with all the Suncast products , as this is a third model of their hose reel that I have tried . If you had a bad experience with one , do not assume that their more expensive units are any better made . They 're just more expensive , that 's all .
 This is the second one we have boughten , thinking the first one was just a fluke that it leaked all over the place after a few months of use . We bought the second and it did n't even make it two months again and it is leaking . It is getting real old . Not purchasing from Suncast again ... any of their brands .
 I bought this Stainless steel solar vent for my dad 's boat around August 2008 . When it came , the internal fan motor was out of balance , so it was making noise unless you hold/mount it at a certain angle . Since I did not have time to send it back and wait for replacement , I decided to go with it and mounted it on my dad 's boat by carefully adjusting the angle of it so it worked without making noise.But after 4 months , it simply stopped working . For 120 something dollars , it should be much more sturdy.Also the manual is horrible . For the battery installation/replacement , remove the led light and you will see a thin white foam sheet cover . Remove that , and you will see two tiny screws . You have to remove them and then you can remove the battery cover . Even though I am a very technical person , it took me a long while to figure that out since my manual only said to use a dime to open it through a small notch.Anyway , if you really need a powered went , this is best looking one but build quality is not very good . Now I have to remove it from the boat and have to install a porthole window to cover the 10 '' opening.I will update this comment once I contact and get further info about the warranty process , if there is any .
 The first fan I received did n't work Amazon was great about returning it and sending another one . The second one worked good for about a week then the batteries died . I replaced the batteries with some good quality rechargeables and so far it 's working good . The instructions are not easy to follow .
 The instructions were so bad I went to the net , expecting something better . Nope same stuff . There is a white plastic part that covers the screws for the battery . Not shown in the instructions . Once I got it together and istalled - does n't work . The night light is super , fan does n't work .
 We have used this sprinkler all season and found it has a very poor design . With minimal water pressure the unit will tip to the left and right over time . It is almost impossible to get it on straight , and to keep it flat .
 This took forever to ship out , and when it got here , i used it . Works great in any kind of spreader , as the little pellets are n't too big , but I just did n't notice a change in my lawn at all . Did n't harm , did n't help . I 'm in Central Virginia .
 The roots were rotten when we got them . As of today they have not grown . The 10 jersey roots we got have grown . I do n't know how someone can ship out roots that are clearly rotten .
 This cover faded to almost no color after one month on my deck.It went from dark green to mint ... and not a color I want!I should have chosen a pale color to begin with.Disappointed.It would be better to select the nylor version .
 First , I do n't know who Hammock King is , since it says on the tags sewn on these chair covers `` Algoma Net '' and they were sold by Unique Contemporary Solutions . I had told customer service at the vendor that these were to be used outside . She was very nice and said they would probably fade in the sun , but saw no reason they could n't be used outside . Today we have a very light misting rain . Since these covers have no way for the rain on the seats to drain other than to soak through the fabric -LRB- our previous covers had a reinforced grommet hole in the seat , and that drained them quickly -RRB- , I dumped the puddle onto the stone patio . I noticed the puddle looked strange and opaque . When I dumped it on the stone , I saw why . The puddle was dark green . The dye is running like crazy . I have visions of someone sitting on one still moist with dew for their morning coffee and standing up with a lovely green splotch on their butt . These have to go back . My first Amazon return.Update
 I remember butterfly chairs . We always had at least two floating around the yard . sometimes faded fabric , sometimes new and mostly rusty.This chair must be build from the Disney plans . All `` Disneyland `` s are built on a 7/8th scale , as is this chair . The chair is shaped different as well . Instead of the rounded tips this chair is squared ... To bad the cover is n't . It puts the little `` cup '' at the ends under tremendous strain and , since it is also sewn with the smallest possible seam it has just begun to unravel.I paid $ 62 . I received a product that cost maybe thirty-five cents.What a piece of s. . . I will fix the chair sling , probably have to make a new one and I hope the metal does n't turn out to be cheap plastic that is already decomposing while I write.Send it back ? In what , and pay for the shipping?Luckily I 'm handy . Next time I 'll get a friend to bend the rebar and weld it into shape.Hmmm , I need to make friends with some one who does iron work.To bad I live on the east coast now . All the iron workers I know are in California.My recommendation ? Run as fast as you can away from this item and the company as a whole -LRB- or is it hole -RRB- mess is too expensive and too cheap . .
 I did n't realize the chair I was purchasing would be so flimsy . I could n't tell from the description or the picture . I was looking for a solid wrought iron chair , not a folding one . This one is not as stable or sturdy as I had hoped .
 As another reviewer has mentioned , these are most definitely not stainless steel . They are a chrome-plated alloy and the plating had already started to chip when delivered . I 'm rarely disappointed by well-reviewed products on Amazon , but the strong rating on this is a miss .
 These are nice , shiny chrome plated skewers . I 'm sure they will work but I hate being miss-led . I work with stainless steel every day and I 'm certain these will not last as long as stainless would . One star for miss-representation .
 The first thing I did when I got the skewers was to see if my small refrigerator magnet sticks to them . It does , quite strongly . Let 's just hope that if I wash them and keep them dry they wo n't rust . Well , at least they are shiny ... . for now ...
 cover width not wide enough for lower part of chairs , no returns i think , so waste of money for me .
 I was looking for a specific plant I 'd seen in a magazine and thought this was it . What arrived was not like the picture or like the magazine but has been an interesting plant nonetheless . I was expecting one big rosette -LRB- like pictured -RRB- and what I got was more like a miniature tree that has been difficult to keep alive but it 's still going .
 It is hard to decide to buy , because the seller would n't tell you at least the size of it beside any detail , not at all , be careful , do not let this seller fool you , you will pay more than triple if this seller is playing this way . I learned once before .
 well lets see i ordered this product for my sons birthday ... which by the way was on the 14th of january . well i think its the 2nd of feb. still had n't received it , but i did get a CHAIR . . ??? Anyway so i called and canceled when i got the chair , the money was never placed back into my account , i was told it would be put in on a monday so tuesday i felt safe writing a check that would include that money ... and my bank went overdrawn for like 200 dollars . . in fees -LRB- i realize it was my fault for believing a reputable company like amazon ! -RRB- . now its been a month and i call youall back and you say that it should be sent out to me this week , though this is the only email i get from you ... how should i rate the damn table when i havent recieved it ... i mean put yourself in my situaition ... how would you rate it ?
 its a great price but its VERY small . Its unfortunate because it seems well made and folds up nicely but its way too small . There 's no way 4 kids can comfortable sit at it .
 So I found this sign and thought it would be a great idea for a friend who took me out on his beechcraft ... So naturally , I ordered it the day after with the option of two day shipping . 1 week went by ... nothing . Emailed the seller and of course no response . 2 weeks went by ... nothing . Emailed the seller again but of course no response . 3rd week ... nothing . I have never had such a bad experience ordering something from amazon . Sure i got what i wanted , but simply if this wasnt a gift , I would have returned it in a flash!For all you future purchasers , only buy if you expect to have in several weeks and no answer from customer service .
 I bought these scissors and paid ten bucks for an ordinary pair of scissors . Do yourself a favor go find some scissors for 4 or 5 bucks and save yourself the money .
 I have used Gardenia products for years without a problem until my purchase of a Gardenia Flower Shower Nozzle . The cap keeps coming off with the slightest water pressure and it leaks.I bought three nozzles at the same time and I have the same problem with each . The plastic threads are not adequate . Poor engineering or poor quality , but I expect Gardenia has written all the reviews you see on this site .
 Was pleased with the loppers until the screw that holds the blades together needed thightening every other minute . I do not recomment this product .
 Boy , I wish I could share the same sentiment as the other reviewers . However , this pruner broke the very first time I used it to cut a twig . There is a small plastic piece that holds the blade on . This peice snapped off with very little pressure . For the price , you 'd think they could use a hardier material to keep this pruner together . Other parts of the pruner have very cheap materials incorporated within . Some things are just never meant to be purchased sight unseen .
 It Oscillated nicely for awhile . Now it just gets stuck on whatever setting it 's put on . Bummer . I need to buy one of those small round ones and I think it will do a better job just to have to move it around the yard . I wo n't be buying this brand again .
 This sprinkler lasted under 1 year . I probably used it 60-90 days in that time . When it was n't being used , I stored in in a garage -LRB- so it was n't in the sun -RRB- . The problems are :1 -RRB- One of the nozzles stopped working fairly quickly . This was n't a big deal , but did seem odd . It was just plugged up I guess .2 -RRB- The oscillation became uneven . When I set the sprinkler on full range , it would go a lot farther in one direction than the other . I 'd say that the short side was 40 degrees less than the long side . If I tried to correct this by setting it more on the side that was n't getting full coverage , I would lose coverage on the other side .3 -RRB- A ` sticky spot ' developed where sometimes the sprinkler would get caught for a second then jump across 10-15 degrees . This happened in the same spot , so it might have been a piece of debris or something on the cardioid track .4 -RRB- It began to leak pretty badly at the hose connector.I probably could have fixed problems 1 and 3 , but the totality of the problems made it not worthwhile .
 Bought two of these and both snapped within weeks . Total waste of money . They 're impossible to adjust too . There is a guide but the guide seems to be incredibly inaccurate . We just had to keep turning it and trying it over and over , getting rather wet and irritated .
 If all you want is a cheap sprinkler for the kids to run through , this is a pretty good bargain -- if you get it for $ 10 or less . If you want a sprinkler that you can adjust to hit a certain area , this ai n't it ! The markings on the dial are fairly cryptic , plus there 's no clear identification of what each icon is supposed to line up with . There are no instructions on or in the box , or online . I thought I could figure it out with a little experimentation , but there does n't seem to be a lot of finesse to the system.Like I said , keep looking .
 The sprinkler worked great for a month , then the hose connection broke clean off after moving it normally . It was made of cheap thin plastic where it should have had more support . Guess I 'll spend the money and get something that will last .
 I have another plastic sprinkler by another company that has lasted over two seasons , however , this plastic sprinkler broke at the point where the intake coupling attaches to the body of the sprinkler . Cheap . Would n't buy this again .
 Getting ready to return this one , as it has yet to move an iota . The instructions are nonexistant , the iconography confusing , and everything but the highly-touted brass nozzles is made of paper-thin plastic . Is it so hard to make a sprinkler that waves back and forth ... without fail ? That used to be the norm , not the exception .
 At the beginning , we like it very much for its design . However , it got broken after being used for one week . The plastic parts are very delicate .
 Difficult to adjust . Unreliable . Swings to one side and sometimes gets stuck there . Made a big puddle and damaged part of my newly seeded lawn . Too much trouble to bring back but will not buy another of this make .
 Bought two . ` Wish I 'd bought none . - One snapped apart at its hose connector within two weeks . It has a very weak , non-durable plastic connector so you have to treat these Very Gently -- not how I 'm accustomed to treating gardening tools . - I 'm not very happy with the patterns it sprays , but ... I do n't expect the remaining unit to last long enough for this to matter.Just do yourself a favor and find another product !
 I bought this same one from WalMart and lasted about a month and would get stuck half way through the oscillation every time . It would have been a good sprinkler if it had continued to work . This falls into the seemingly growing list of worst garbage I 've ever bought .
 It is very difficult to adjust the coverage area to exactly what you want . The image on the unit only only gives you an idea , it is not possible to adjust the oscillating angle on one side without changing the other side , and the maximum oscillating angle available when you have it on full coverage is not available if you only want partial coverage . I have spent close to half an hour each time trying to adjust it , and result is only partially satisfactory .
 These are very poorly constructed . Maybe it 's the hot TX sun , but all five I purchased broke within just a few uses . The plastic is cheap and split apart or broken . Not abused as I set them up and left them . Used no more than 10 times each . May be good in a cooler climate , but definitely not a product for use in the hot sun .
 This sprinkler worked well for two weeks , giving a nice even flow of water . After that , the plastic connector piece to the hose broke off . Based on this experience , I would not buy it again . If you do buy it , be careful with the connection to the hose .
 Good Qualities
 The point where the hose connects to the device snapped twice . Sure it is the cheapest one , but why have brass nozzles like it is going to last ? One of which ended up clogging . Before the hose junction snapped , it started spraying where the outlet bar connects . Pass on it .
 The problem I 've had with lawn sprinklers of any price is that they do n't work very well , and then they break . True to form , this Melnor from the start oscillated unevenly , rotating much more drastically to the left than to the right , necessitating multiple trips out into the drenched and swampy lawn to try to fine-tune the placement . Eventually , if this one behaves like its predecessors , it 'll stop oscillating entirely and water fixedly to the left only . The reason I like this sprinkler a little more than the others is simply that I paid a lot less for it , so when I finally lose what 's left of my patience and rip it to pieces it wo n't bother me so much -LRB- though I will of course bemoan the needless waste of our precious natural resources -RRB- . Gilmours are even worse than Melnors , if that helps .
 Price was right , and it started out okay . After 2-3 uses though , I noticed the oscillator left large puddles on either end of its reach along with where it sat on the lawn . Everything in between was slightly wet . After 6 uses , I accidentally dropped it from waist level on the lawn and the connector nozzle -LRB- made of plastic -RRB- broke off making it useless . If the nozzle had not broken off , I would have given it 2 stars . It was n't worth the money for less than a week 's use . I do n't recommend this one to anyone . I 'd look for something without a plastic nozzle .
 I liked this sprinkler at first . As another reviewer said , the dial to control how far this sprinkler sprays in either direction actually works rather well.Unfortunately , it did n't hold up well at all . After about 10 uses , one of he nozzles only sprayed about half as high as the others , which meant that the evenness of the water distribution was diminished . Over the next month , another nozzle would suffer this same problem each week , so that now the sprinkler is only about half functional.I 'm guessing that the nozzles are getting clogged . It would n't cost very much for the manufacturer to include a metal screen to minimize this issue .
 I was rolling my hose up and forgot to disconnect the sprinkler first . Just dragging it across the yard was enough to snap off the plastic part that connects the black hose connector to the body of the unit.This is unfortunate , as otherwise it seemed to work well . The knob to control how far the sprinkler would go in each direction worked well and was convenient .
 I bought it and it worked for one day . Second day it did not workIf you buy it you will find out it is unreliable piece of junk
 I bought this at Home Depot to go along with my drip irrigation system for my landscaping . It seemed to program relatively easily , and worked relatively well at first . Then I noticed that one day , it had reset and was `` off '' . Nobody had touched it , and the battery was still good . I reprogrammed it , and it worked for a short while again . The idea behind this was that while we were on vacation , we could have our landscaping watered without needing to bother our neighbors with the task . Well , that did n't work out so well . I put a BRAND NEW 9V into it the morning we left . We went on our vacation and came back 3 weeks later . Half our plants looked pretty under-watered . I go to the back , and the device is listing `` low battery '' . I try to get it to turn on or do anything ... no dice . Strange , as when I checked the battery with a tester , it 's still a good battery . I take out another NEW battery and put it into the device , and what do ya know , an hour later , it 's telling me it is `` low battery '' . What junk ... did n't even work 6 months !
 My wife got this for me on sale . Loved the controls , which are simple and logical . Timer worked great for one season , but then started turning on at times not programmed and were erratic turning off , too . Tried changing the battery , but did n't help . Too bad . Seems sturdy and tight and well laid-out . But southern Texas climate mandates dependable watering or everything dies .
 I came to Amazon to look for a replacement and happened upon this site , where I see that I 'm not the only one that has had a problem.I shop on Amazon a lot , and I have never seen so many bad reviews for product failure.The money is n't worth it for me to pursue Melnor for a refund -LRB- which , on further consideration , may explain why it keeps selling a clearly defective product -RRB- . But I guarantee you - I will NEVER buy anything from Melnor again .
 Very hard to program . Ca n't tell if it is on or off . After 3weeks noticed it was n't workong . Battery was dead . Removed battery -LRB- 9 volt -RRB- and terminals were full of corrosion . Unit had leaked water inside and completely corroded away one contact , making device useless . Thank God ! Now I can buy a good one . Hated this thing from day one .
 low battery indicator does not worki put a battery inunit would not manually turn water on/off -LSB- -LSB- did not operate the valve -RSB- -RSB- low battery indicator never came onworks fine with ` different ' batterywtfwhat does ` low battery ' mean?it 's REALLY dead , but by the way there is some mystery state where it doesn ; t work but the battery is n't ` low ' ? i mean the battery indicator should indicate ` it is not going to do what you expect it to do ` wtfwhat ELSE is it going to screw up?also i hate the battery changingscrews are not attached , have to pry the cover off , then the cover isn ; t attached , have to find a screwdriver , hard to see and decode polarity indicators , blahit may go back to the store soonwle
 I was going into the hospital in May and bought 2 of these so my gardens would get watered . They worked great for a couple of months and then turned on and would not turn off . Changed battery and one is back working , the other wo n't even come on again .
 Leaked , and user interface was a bit challenging . Returned and purchased competing product from Orbit -- which does n't leak and has a more intuitive U/I .
 I travel out of town often on work related business . I bought this item to run soaker hoses in my garden while I was out of town . During one trip , I had a multi-hose manifold break and send out a shower of water for several days . The Melnor timer got wet , and even though the battery compartment has a waterproof gasket and the unit looks to be weatherproof , the LCD screen fogged up and stopped working . This could just as easily have been a heavy rain that caused the problem . Beware if you buy this unit . Keep it sheltered from heavy downpours .
 This is my second Melnor 3015 that has failed in two years . The first worked for one season and the valve would not open . I liked the unit other than that and decided to purchase another one for the following season , because I came up with a plan to put it in storage after last season . At the end of last season I removed the unit opened the valve manually and flushed it with air from my air compressor . Then I gave it a few shots of LPS-1 , while cycling it on and off between shots . Put it in a zippy bag and on a shelf till this spring . And I thought I was so cunning . Got It off the shelf 3 weeks ago , Put in a new battery and ` VIOLA ' the valve was frozen again . For what I paid for this unit I expected it to operate for a couple season at least . Yes , I do feel like I was ripped off , but I only used one battery per season .
 I have had several of these . I agree with the others . Do n't waste your money . One time water got into the housing , other times it would n't turn on by itself . I 'll never buy a Melnor again .
 Melnor 6-Cycle Electronic Aqua Timer # 3015I had this device for three weeks when I found it had leaked internally and the battery contacts had rusted completely away . Now who would make a device designed to work near water with corrodible contacts ? Melnor it seems . This device is just not make with any sense of quality . Do not buy it .
 I have gone through 5 of these things over the past 2 years . They do not last . They either crack internally and the electronics get wet or the LCD just stops working . Poor design .
 I had owned a Melnor timer before this model and when the threads broke I bought a new one . This model does n't work ! It does n't turn on for days and when it does go on , it is at the wrong time . Amazon replaced the origional one that I ordered after I complained but the replacement does n't work any better that the first one . Stay away from this product !!!
 I PURCHASED THIS ITEM WHICH WORKED FOR 1/2 A SUMMER THEN WENT SCREWY AND TURNED ON AN OFF AT WILL . THE SECOND ONE WORKED FOR 1 WEEK AND AFTER GETTING SOAKED TRYING TO SHUT IT OFF , I TOSSED IT ALSO . PURCHASED A DIFFERENT MODEL BY SAME MANUFACTURER , SAME GARBAGE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY . -LRB- TRIED TO GIVE NO STARS , BUT IT WOULD N'T LET ME -RRB-
 I purchased this product two weeks ago and was very pleased with the ease of setup and operation . That is until today , when the timer missed it 's 7:00 am wake up call and when I removed the battery cover , I found the compartment and I am assuming the electronic control board completely flooded.Bringing this garbage back where I bought it and hopefully I do n't have to wait until next Summer before they get me another one .
 This Melnor irrigation clock is very easy to understand how to set . However , I prefer their 3 cycle dial-type clock . Unfortunately the old 3 cycle clock broke off where the hose-bib meets . The 6 cycle clock came on at a different time than was set and did n't turn off . It was hard to tell if the indicator meant it is set , or if it means time to set it , or if it means pause , because it was not consistent with the directions . I am in the market for the original dial-type 3 cycle again .
 I bought 2 timers from Home Depot . They both worked for about a week before they filled with water and died . I contacted Melnor and explained the problem . They were apologetic , stating they had a batch -LRB- must have been the Home Depot batch -RRB- with inferior software . They are sending replacements -LRB- with new software -RRB- at no cost . Will update when new timers are put into use .12 / 15/08I 've had the new replacements in use for over a year and am putting them away for the winter . These timers have been flawless . They 're easy to program and they consistently turn on and off at the designated times , provided my batteries are fresh -LRB- changed them once this summer -RRB- . I use mine on a drip system and from time to time notice my drippers are not dripping . The cause is from debris in the screen entering the timer from my well water system . When the screen is clean the water flows.May 11 , 2011It 's been almost 3 years since I received the replacements . I just brought them out after their winter rest and have them installed on my systems . They 're still working perfectly !
 I have 4 of these and two have already broken . I bought them hoping they would be better than Melnor 's previous model -LRB- bigger , rectangular looking green thing -RRB- which all four broke within a year.NOTE , I take very good care of all of my tools . Change batteries , bring in during the winter , etc. . This is a quality problem , not a user problem.I have lost plants and wasted a ton of time messing with these things , changing batteries , looking for receipts , etc.MELNOR , shame on you . This is irresponsible and you should recall and apologize for not doing your job -LRB- testing a product -RRB- . -RRB- .
 out of seven timers i purchased new at home depot four failed within a month . they filled full of water and the function failed and i kept them instead of returning them . anyway i could not recommend these for anyone who relies on performance
 Considering how much landscaping costs , there 's little reason to scrimp on timers . I learned this the hard way , coming home from vacation to find my yard brown and parched . This timer , which was less than a year old had failed , and as a result , so did my grass.I 'm now in the market for a new one that actually works .
 This thing looks like it should be a great timer . The interface is just about perfect for what it does . You just set the current hour , then when you would like it to come on in the day , how many days between each watering , and how long to water each time . Then the device promptly ignores all input and starts turning on and off at random . I love seeing the screen say `` Current Time
 I wish I would have read the reviews here first . Bought a model 3015 at Home Depot today . -LRB- Picked the 2nd one in the display as it was obvious the first had been opened/returned . Should have taken that as a clue . -RRB- Installed it , turned on the water and gave it a slight twist to move the display to the side -LRB- out of the direct sun -RRB- and the top blew off . Water everywhere . Good thing I did n't leave it on and go to work !
 I have owned 2 of these water timers in the past year.The first worked great for about four months , then the entire face of the timer popped off . I heard it from across the yard . I exchanged it for a new one at Home Depot.The second I used in the fall and then retired it for the winter . After a week of use this spring , it stopped functioning . The lights were out so I thought it might be the battery . The battery compartment was filled with water and the contacts had corroded . It was useless.I do not recommend this product .
 When they work they are great . I have just had 3 , yes 3 of these timers that out of the box have not worked in the last three weeks . Massive floods , random on / off cycles , and no help from Melnor . Keep your receipt and buy local . You will probably be taking one back real soon . I have bought about ten of these over the last few years and have returned at least 6 , maybe 7 .
 We really like this timer . It is exactly what we were looking for . It is so easy to program and also change the program when necessary . Plus the price was right . Hope you keep this timer around for a long time for when we need another one .
 Seriously , this thing is worthless . Sometimes it comes on , usually it does n't . No rhyme or reason to how it turns on . It ignores the setup.I 'm on my second one , hoping the first was just an anomaly . No luck . If you depend on this to keep your plants alive , you 'll be making repeat trips to the nursery .
 Bought two of these , one could n't keep time and the other leaked water into the electronics and stopped working the first day ! Please do n't waste your time and money .
 I purchased two of these units from Home Depot a couple of days ago . Considering appearance , features and ease of programming , the unit seemed the ideal choice . After trying for over two hours to get them to work , I was unsuccessful . I finally went online to seek help and discovered that my experience is not unique . Do not waste your time on this product .
 I do not know how this product rated because I sent it back without opening it because it was not what I ordered !!!
 This item worked fine for three months and then broke . Had it replaced and the same thing happened . I abhor products that do not work as they should and do not last.Avoid this item !
 I purchased this timer to keep my pool filled . It worked well for a few months and then decided not to shut off . I tried changing the batteries to no avail . Do yourself a favor and stay away from this timer .
 Simply does not work.Called the manufacturer . Went through the whole protocol.Said I was doing everything correctlyGot a second set of new long lasting batteries . Still did not work.Never would work . Waste of time.This happened with both units I bought.I know it sounds like I am doing something incorrectly.It does not appear that this is the case.You can program it and turn it on with the manual switch but the timer function does not work.Do not ever buy this brand.As another review said , `` Why do they make things that do n't work ? ''
 The Melnor readout is small , and you need an engineering degree to program it -LRB- I exaggerate , but only slightly -RRB- . I lost track of how many times the unit failed to water either because of battery issues or because I failed to program it correctly . After two years rain water got into the battery compartment and the unit failed for good , providing me an opportunity to seek a replacement . I bought an Orbit one-dial timer for about $ 5 more than the Melnor , and the difference between the two units is like night and day . If you 're looking for a reliable , simple to use water timer , the Melnor is not for you .
 I first started out buying 1 of these . It was the older round model 605F . 6 years later it still works great , but they discontinued it and i had to buy 3 of these . They worked fine for about 30 days and two broke . I email the company and they sent me two new one which lasted me the rest of the year . The start of the next year one filled up with water and stopped working and and the other just stopped working . So i mailed them to the company with a letter and they sent me two more and they worked for the rest of the year . The start of this year i just put one on and the entire outer casing blew apart . Do n't have a clue why . I have one that works now and i still have the OLDER model 605F that keeps trucking along . I 'm done with this model or go back to the older model which works .
 I owned three of this things -- but it never last a whole season . low quality , it got flooded in the battery compartment , never get to work right . I ca n't return it anymore , so I need to buy different brand .
 Worked for two seasons then broke . The electronics remained operational but something inside leaked and flooded the battery compartment . The entire innards were under pressure and water was spewing out from cracks in the casing . Needless to say the battery compartment had corroded and I thought cleaning it out and putting in a new battery would be enough . But apparently the reason it corroded was from the internal valve leak .
 This is one of the worst if not the worst timer on the market . This review is not based on owning a single unit but three units that have all failed miserably . The longest one unit worked was one season . The operation is simple and the timing mechanism seems to perform adequately . All units failed internally at a seal , a valve or a hose connection . One flooded internally causing the battery to corrode and fail . The other two would leak water at the faucet side of the connection when the internal valve was closed . This was most likely due to a bad seal or cracked plastic . This unit is cheaply made and I warn all consumers to avoid this timer at all costs ; you will only be disappointed .
 This product deserves no star but that is n't a choice with Amazon 's rating system.I bought two of these Melnor 6-cycle timers `` on sale . '' When I got them home , one would not work , but I could not return it because it was a sale item . The other worked , but not reliably , for one season -LRB- about May through November -RRB- , but did not work when I tried to use it the next year . Even when it worked , I could not trust it to turn on when it was programmed to and therefore had to have a neighbor check on my plants when away from home for a few days.Every place I 've checked with reviews of this gives it a thumbs down . It is a piece of junk that can be found in most garden centers and many garden sections in super-markets . I do n't understand how a company could continue making and selling such a defective product year after year , and why stores would continue selling it . I do n't recommend buying it -- chances are it will be unreliable or not work at all -LRB- turn on and off as programmed -RRB- .
 Bought one of those at H *** D **** . It worked fine for 3 days then the automatic function failed . Wrote customer service and was told to refer to its website for warranty policy , which does not exist . Brought it back all the way from Asia for an exchange and the second one was dead on arrival . Had to chalk this one up as a loss as a result of my own bad judgement - should have just returned it .
 The previous generation of this time worked great . I have 4 older ones which have worked great for about nine years . Purchased a new one last month and it is already broken . It worked for two weeks and then it filled with water and of course it is now worthless . Avoid this timer
 I bought two of these timers last year and they worked great ... for three months . Both will not work this year -LRB- after storing in heated garage for the winter -RRB- . Expensive and not worth the money .
 I bought two of these , and have returned them both . Neither worked as advertised . One did not keep a good seal with the faucet , so water just continued to drip out of the top of the timer . The other filled with water , and even though water conducts electricity , it 's not a good idea to have the battery surrounded in it . At least I think I heard that somewhere.Don ' t buy this unless your life is running short on frustration .
 These timers appear to have one significant flaw . The inlet can easily break off leaving you with a timer that can not connect to the hose bib . If you are lucky enough to get one that does not have the inlet pop off , or if you can glue it back on successfully , then these seem to work pretty well .
 I used this product last summer because it was the only one that my home improvement center had for under $ 50 . Well I went through 3 of them in one summer , because they kept breaking -LRB- the timer stopped working , or the water seals broke -RRB- . All I can say is that I did n't even get what I payed for . Do n't buy this one !!!
 I bought one and the plastic hose attachment broke off as soon as I turned on the water . I returned it the next day and , assuming it was flawed , bought the same one . The exact same thing happened , so I know it was n't a manufacturer defect , it 's just trash .
 I bought two and they broke within a week . Do n't buy this model . They leak and break very easily .
 This timer has very limited settings and those do n't work . A week after installing it I tried to change the settings . The start time went crazy and kept cycling through the hours . And , of course , to take the battery out and force a reset requires dismounting the timer . Spend more on a different brand .
 I have owned 3 of these and each one has failed . This morning , I discovered the water still running 2 hours after the timer had come on . It was supposed to run for 10 minutes ! I use them when I go away for a month at a time , so it 's essential that the timer works properly , but this one is a piece of cr * p.My local Home Depot only sells this brand . Do n't waste your money .
 I have had this timer for only 2 seasons now . All of the sudden , it keeps showing that the battery is bad , when I have already changed the battery . It worked great during the first year , but only lasted for about one year . I will spend the extra money on a better product this time .
 I bought 3 of these timers at Home Depot under the Vigoro brand , but they are the same POS . I installed 2 on parts of my mountain cabin 's drip watering system . 1 failed after a week and stuck open , costing me $ 290.00 in wasted water -LRB- water is expensive there -RRB- . The other failed while I was there and also stuck open . I replaced DIG 90001d timers that died after 5 years with this junk , trying to save money . Big mistake ! At least the DIG timers fail in the closed position .
 Of the three I bought last year one still works but the lcd is unreadable , making them all unusable . Eight of the eight Gilmores are still working .
 Water built up inside the unit till the screen was obscured and then damaged , electronics eventually failed also causing it to cycle on its own . Happened slow enough that warranty expired before it was noticeable . Who builds a watering timer that is n't waterproof ? .
 This timer is just not worth the money . The plastic conntector to the hosepipe breaks easily . It consumes batteries quickly ; one 9v battery does not contain that much eneregy . I came home to a flood because the plastic connector decided to break .
 Worked fine the first season , but now it does n't . I 'd recommend another option , if you can find one .
 I bought four of these timers at the beginning of the 2008 season and two were dead by mid-May . The reason
 The unit is very easy to program , and with all the possible cycles is very flexible and adaptable to most any need . The problem is it only worked for about a month . After that , it tried to kick in as programmed , but immediately shut off -- useless . It 's an aweful lot of money to spend for such a short period of operation .
 This product has a major flaw . It does not keep time . The time of day clock gains about an hour every 12 hours or so . I have to keep changing the time so that I water at the proper time .
 I bought three of these this spring . Two failed by July . Went to my local Ace Hardware to return them , and was told the product has been recalled as defective . They gave me a full refund for all three , even the one that had n't broken yet ! There was a pile of them in the manager 's office that had been returned after breaking !
 I should have read here before buying . I 've had each problem . Blowout of inlet connection -LRB- pressing back together with PVC glue fixed this -RRB- , erratic time keeping , turns on and will not turn off and water in the battery compartment -LRB- added pipe thread sealer to o-ring -RRB- . Very bad unit .
 I purchased one of these , set the time and settings , and hooked it up to my sprinklers . It fired three hours early . Interesting . I noticed the time had drifted by three hours , so I set the current time again . Same deal . It fired three hours early . On one other day , it just picked a time at random.Returned it , as the unit I had was defective.The replacement did the same thing . The time drifted , and it started watering my lawn three hours early.That 's enough of that . These units would be fine , if they worked right , but they do n't . Additionally , the buttons do n't work right , and require repeated presses to make any change . The user interface is actually pretty good , but the unit itself is poorly engineered .
 I thought I was buying the older , round style , Melnor timer , as that model was pictured in the Amazon ad . The round timer could be set in the dark , as it had a different colored , flashing light , for each timer selection -LRB- ie
 I wish I 'd read these reviews before purchasing the Melnor 3015 . I 've returned 2 purchased this week from Home Depot . Neither one would prevent water from moving through the device while out of the programmed `` on '' time . Home Depot is great about taking them back , but what a waste of time and gas . After first fail , I called customer service and operator listened to about 2 sentences and said , `` it 's defective , take it back '' . Based on reviews here , I 'm guessing that they get lots of complaints .
 This is a great timer with a weak plastic female connection on the top . Eventually , it will crack and spew water uncontrollably all over the place until you discover it and replace the timer . The connection can not be replaced by the owner.This flaw is really a shame . If the timer had a metal connection , it would be the perfect garden timer .
 I purchased two of these timers last Spring at Home Depot and both have now died . For the single season that they were working , they worked great . The timer is easy to use and has many options in terms of scheduling , etc. . No leaking at all . I took them in last Fall and stored them in the basement , hoping the would work fine this year , but alas . The first one flooded the first day I used it . I did not bother to take it apart , but the battery compartment was clearly wet and a lot of water ran out of the drain holes on the bottom . So that went in the trash . The second one held up for a month or so and then the female connector cracked and started leaking . The leak got so bad it made the thing inoperable , so I decided to open it up and see if I could fix it . There is not easy way to get this thing apart . The two halves are glued together . I finally cracked it open with a chisel and a hammer . The entire valve with the two connectors is a single piece of molded plastic . There was no way to easily replace the female end . If I had been able to easily replace the female connector , I might given this thing a decent rating . My only advice is to remove one of the two filter screens -LRB- black and green -RRB- on the female end to make more space for the male connector to screw in.Regardless , this is just another example of why I am not buying any hoses or hose accessories with non-brass connectors .
 I installed this timer and it worked great - for all of one day . The second day it started watering at a completely different time and did n't turn off on its own . The third day it did n't turn on automatically at all and had to be manually started . The fourth day it stopped working completely . Replaced the battery - still did n't work . The fifth day we threw it in the trash and bought one from Orbit .
 Only worked for a limited time before reading the battery was low . Replace the battery and it only takes a few minutes before the battery low comes on yet again . Do n't waste your money .
 Is it possible to select less than one star for my rating ?? Bought my first one at Home Depot . It worked like a charm until I connected it to the spigot . So off to Home Depot to foolishly exchange it . Got home and did a quick program and could hear the until switch on , so I figured I was good to go . Wrong ! Put it on the spigot and it did n't do anything . Messed with it for a while longer trying to see if was me that just did n't understand how to program it , but it was n't me . It was this worthless piece of junk . It 's going back to the store tomorrow for a refund . I 'll get something better . Vigoro should be ashamed of making / selling something this bad . I should have read reviews before buying it .
 I bought mine under the `` Vigoro '' brand name at a hardware store , not thru Amazon -LRB- the design is identical , down to the programming -RRB- . This lasted for about 10 months before it stopped working . I opened up the battery compartment and it was flooded with water . I let it dry for a good three days before putting in a fresh battery . The numbers came on , I programmed it , hooked it up , but no dice . The valve never worked again under automatic mode , only manual mode .
 After a year of use the inlet broke off - luckily while I was screwing the hose in . Bad news if it breaks while you are not there ! I could n't return it to home depot because of the time so I decided to check it out ... the part that `` broke off '' seemed to be a press fit ... there was no broken plastic , little indication of glue . The press fit just seemed to come out - not good at all.I decided to use some epoxy and repair the unit ... something that melnor should use in the first place!Also it 's a bit funky selecting the program on/off ... I have to press the button multiple times to get it to respond .
 This model seemed to work fine for the first year , but when I tried it out for this summer , everything works except the valve -- ie , it does n't turn the water off at all . Manual override makes a clicking sound inside the body , but the water does n't turn off . Moving on to a different brand . And I ca n't find any way to open it up to see if it 's fixable . NOT recommended .
 These timers would last a season and I figured one a year is n't all that bad for the price . As I set up my watering needs using more of them I found either they filled with water , ate batteries weekly , or did n't work . Buying locally they are the only game in town . The last straw was 10 days ago I left on vacation . I came home to find my back yard now a pond . Somehow , the thing stayed on long enough to water my yard with according to the water company 37,000 gallons of water!NEVER AGAIN !
 It worked great for about 3 months , then it flooded our back yard . The body leaked like a sieve , irreparable .
 This timer stopped functioning after one month of use . It is very poorly made , not worth the money and I will be seeking a refund .
 Purchased the same item from Home Depot under the Vigoro name . Left it on for a summer and assumed that it was battery failure when it stopped working . This summer tried it out earlier . The timer just does not work ! No flooding like others have experienced . It just does not go on and off at the programmed time.A complete waste of money . Melnor should have recalled these long ago ! Do not buy under any circumstances !
 It worked great for about 8 months . Easy to set , worked at the right times . Then some gasket or other broke on the inside , and when it turned on , it would just flood water throughout the whole thing .
 I knew it was not working as it should when a few times I came home only to find it was running when it was n't supposed to be . But I just got my water bill for the period covered when I was using it and it was FOUR TIMES what I normally pay . I 've had bad water timers before but never had this problem . It seems lately anything I buy never last me more than one season . I had much better luck with a NELSON I bought in the mid-90s . Wish I could find that one again .
 I own 3 of these and they did n't last 1 year . They all lose time and one of them turns on at the wrong time and does n't stay on the correct amount of time . Complete waste of money .
 We bought this under the Vigoro name at Home Depot . Got it home , installed a brand new battery in it , and hooked it up . I set it according to the directions . I wanted it to run every 3 days , coming on at 9 am and running for 2 hours.It came on once , at 12 midnight , and ran for 30 minutes . I reset it the next day , installed another brand new battery , again set for 3 days , on at 9 am , run for 2 hours.That night it came on again at 12 midnight , ran for 30 minutes.This is a hunk of junk and should NOT be purchased . I just hope Home Depot will take it back ... that 's $ 30 or so I 'd like have back .
 I only used this product for one summer . It worked fine at first , but by the end of the summer it could n't keep time any longer . Fresh batteries did n't help.Find a better product .
 Worked great for a little while and now it starts for only a second at the scheduled times , and then shuts off again . I replaced the batteries with fresh ones - did n't help at all.Garbage .
 Bought this at Home Depot , but returned it the next day and got my money back . It was impossible to read the numbers on the screen . I tried indoor lighting , outdoor , shade , whatever . I could n't distinguish `` am '' from `` pm '' except with great difficulty , and could n't distinguish the numbers on the screen representing the number of minutes to run , starting times , etc. , at all .
 This product `` upgrade '' replaces the round model . The previous model at least worked for a year . This model releases water into the inside which of course destroys it . I tried 4 times . There is obviously a need for such a product , but this is not one to purchase . It is easy to program , but what is the use when it breaks so quickly . This product should not be sold !
 Tried two of these and neither one would connect without leaking . The second one flooded inside as well . Do n't bother .
 I 've purchased two of these timers and both retained water and stopped working within two months .
 Waste of money , just like all Menlor products . I 've bought 5 different Menlor/Vigoro timers and all 5 have failed within 2 years . I 'm the fool for buying them , but I wo n't anymore . It 's convenient to get them from Home Depot , but I 'll never make that mistake again . This particular model failed right out of the package . The on/off switch would not shut off .
 These timers were installed 5 areas to be used for drip system and soaker hoses . It has been about a year and all timers have been replaced at a minimum of 2 times . We did some landscape work and these timers where covered under the warranty , so I did n't have to keep replacing them . However , now the warranty is over and 2 replaced timers failed couple of weeks ago . I will be buying a different product and replace all the timers to keep avoiding the fustration .
 Horrible . Does NOT work at all . The manual timer part worked , but shut off after 1/2 hour . The programmable part did n't work at all . Took the item back to H *** D **** , and the cashier told me that she gets a lot of these timers returned , and they have to stockpile them and send them back to the company . She said that a lot of the items this company makes get returned , and I can see why ...
 I purchased this so that my garden would be watered while I was away on vacation for a week . Upon returning , I learned that it was running continuously so my neighbor turned off the faucet . When I opened the battery compartment , it was flooded with black water and the battery was extremely corroded .
 I bought two of these , and they both had to be replaced . One failed after 24 hours ; the other lasted a week .
 Worked fine for four months . The battery died , and when I went to change it I could not remove the plug to get to it . The rubber gasket around the battery compartment door melted and sealed it shut . The plastic cracked when I tried to get it open . There was water in the battery compartment , so I doubt it would have worked anyway.I wo n't be buying any more Melnor products .
 I bought this timer at home depot and would not recommend it to anyone . I followed instructions and it did n't even work . Do n't waste your time or money !
 Bought this water timer a year and a half ago . It survived through the first winter , but did not make it through the second one
 Bought from Home Depot - never worked right - took a while to get it to start at the right time - when I accomplished this small feat the next challenge is getting to turn off - I am returning it - do not buy this - waste of time and water - ps I am back in the states for a while - cheers
 `` Works with low pressure drip and soaker hoses '' says the description . No . No , it does n't . I tried hooking it up to my rain barrel and there was n't enough pressure to make it function . On a normal spiggot , though , it seems to work fine . I 've had it watering an area where I laid down grass seed . I set it up to turn the sprinkler on every 6 hours and run for 5 minutes , and it seems to be handling the job just fine .
 This timeer is apiece of junk . When I first attached to the faucet , the top attaching unit poped off . I tried to reattach it , my strength didnot equal the force necessary , so now it sits as a memento of a bad purchase .
 Terrible product . I bought 3 of these at one time . The first filled with water on the first use . Contacted Melnor and they replaced it . The replacement does n't water at all . Neither does one of the others . The third does water , but I have it scheduled to water every 3 days and it goes off every day instead .
 Me too . Went through three of these , and every one had the threaded fitting at the top blow off . Special bonus
 I had high hopes for this timer . Looked solid , did what I need by looking at the directions and box . Boy was I wrong . The valve on top is horrible . I bought 5 of these and all 5 of them broke at the top . The sales clerk at Home Depot said they 're thinking about not carrying them anymore with all the problems they 've had . I also had a problem reprogramming it . I originally had it set to go once a day but when I switched it to once every 3 days it still stayed on the once a day program . . Not worth the money at all .
 I purchased two of the new 2007 3015 model digital timers to operate sprinklers on two parts of my property . As mentioned in other reviews , the new model looks completely different than the old model in the picture . From the very beginning , the timers were extremely unreliable . I have had them for around a month now , and my opinion of them has only gotten worse . They were easy to program , but good luck getting it to operate according to it.Issues experienced : - The timers would turn on whenever they wanted when the program was on , over-watering my lawn and just wasting water . - To the other extreme , I had it skip multiple days where it was supposed to turn on , causing new grass seed to get too dry . I ended up getting a rain gauge so I could tell when it was doing this , so I could water it manually . - Even with the program turned off , the timer would spontaneously turn on at a random time . It would then stay on for the amount of time set in the program , even though the program was n't on . - If you turn off the program to adjust it in any kind of way and turn it back on , it resets the `` days count '' for between waterings . Unless you want to water daily , this can be a problem if you need to adjust it.Even though the programming was fairly easy to do , its simplicity only causes more problems than anything . The old model had great reviews . I only wish I could have found it instead , since this model is clearly not up to the same standard as the previous . Melnor needs to do some more work on this one . I will be returning these timers , since I just purchased some more reliable ones of a different brand .
 I bought this product from Home Depot last year and it was just what I needed after laying down new sod . After getting the hang of it , it was easy to program and worked flawlessly . However , after storing it away for the winter and taking it back out this season , I regret to say that it was busted . After opening up the case to replace the battery , I found the battery compartment was filled with water and the contact were corroded - much like an earlier review . I tried replacing the battery , but to no avail .
 I returned the first one to Home Depot after the battery compartment filled with water -LRB- obviously a common problem with this unit ! -RRB- . They did n't sell any other brand so I exchanged it . I just opened the new one and it wo n't even turn on to program , despite the fact I inserted a brand new battery ! -LRB- I changed batteries out to ensure it 's not a battery problem ... still does n't work ! -RRB- . The `` New '' unit is under the name Vigoro and it 's model number 196 036 . I guess they were hoping the bad reviews would go away if they changed the name and number ! How about FIXING THE PROBLEMS ??!!
 wish I had read the reviews.I say the same as others - after using about 8 times it filled with water , froze that night coincidentally so now the water expanded and it 's cracked.one reviewer said an internal diaphram or seal failed - that must have happened to mine because of past exprience with water coming in , I sealed the battery compartment cover with good tape even though it had a good tight rubber gasket.i 'm not sure I have the receipt I `` ve bought so many timers -LRB- half have failed - fill with water -RRB- but am taking some of these reviews . thanks for taking the time to write . mine also filled with water.I got it at home depot as all others did , but mine has brand name Vigoro on it . from what i can tell by my research , the Vigoro site does n't have any timers - and mine looks exactly like the melnor , and amazon.com calls it calls it Melnor or Vigoro Aqua Timer . Melnor probably sold a batch to Vigoro if this is confusing anyone else . not sure if i could go directly to melnor - have n't tried though.I too as other reviewers liked he round melnor model that I bought last year and they work fine . From what other reviewers are saying , this is that replacement with the same model number 3015 - if so , I agree , that 's not right . wish me luck in getting my money back.Julius Grace
 Work once and does not work anymore , very good user interface but very poor product quality ; wasted my time and my money . It is not recommended .
 I have had two of this timer , private-labeled as the Vigaro brand and sold by H *** D **** stores . The first one failed after 8 days when an internal gasket failed and the timer electronics filled up with water . The replacement was dead on opening , never worked . Look for a different model ...
 I bought this timer and tried for a week to make it work before I left on vacation . It never worked . I tried resetting it this morning and am hoping that maybe it will work while I 'm gone . If it does n't , I stand to lose a lot of plants . Disappointing to spend so much money and then have the thing be unreliable . I put in the correct battery , followed all the instructions to the letter . Frustrating .
 I needed to replace two of my old units and was drawn by the Melnor name ; assuming quality . The first unit was purchased at Home Depot -LRB- I paid much more there than they are currently selling for now on Amazon ! -RRB- . I could not get the timer to function properly . It would engage and then dis-engage within 2 seconds . Not much of a watering cycle . A call to customer service -LRB- and to their credit -RRB- resulted in their shipping another unit , no questions asked . The second unit came in branded as a Vigoro . It appeared to be an updated model now with wireless control . Two months of working flawlessly and now the unit will not allow the water to stop flowing . No way to fix it or even see what the problem is because of the sealed case . I should have obeyed one of my tenets and that is ` you get what you pay for ' . And in this case I got frustration , two units that do n't work and a thirsty garden that I have to get up at 6:00 to start the watering system . At least my old units allowed me to dis-assemble them and do some repairs when they were having problems . But these units are no longer available nor are the parts .
 This product worked well for a week , then the timer quit working . I unscrewed the top plastic hose coupling to take a closer look at it , and when I reattached it , the uper hose coupling sprang a big leak . I thought it was me , or just a defective part . After the fact I read all the reviews , and realized that it is a terrible product .
 Worked fine for two weeks and then stopped . Opened battery compartment to check and the inside was full of water . Battery , etc. was ruined .
 These are great timers but just for a single season . I have 5 of these in my yard . I have had to replace them every season . At cost of $ 29.00 it gets expensive . Easy to program , but not very reliable .
 I have owned several melnor products and found that none of them last more than a season . They are all my Home Depot carries so they were my only choice . Electric and manual , they are definitely not made to last . I recommend you look elsewhere .
 The time worked great for a week , then it read ` low ' battery . I figured I put a bad battery in it so I changed it . Again , it only worked for a week before the ` low ' battery came up again . Put in a different brand of battery , same thing . Went out and bought new batteries for the 4th try , again it only lasted a week . Very disappointing , and more expensive than the brand I usually buy .
 I have several timers around my property . This is the only one I have problems with . The battery dies in a week . I have tried several different battery brands , including rechargeable and they all die within a week .
 Works fine , but problem is battery life . Battery only last for 1 or 2 days . Have had to change batteries several time . Is there a warranty ? If so , I would like to file claim . Totally useless as is . Please help ...
 Works for a while but I 've been through the third and last of these timers . Every year , I have to buy a new one . The first two just quit working and would n't turn on even with a new battery . This last one flooded out the interior and was completely destroyed ... I even removed the battery and stored it indoors for the winter . A outdoor timer should last longer than a year . Enough .
 This picture is NOT the Melnor product . This is a Vigoro timer . I wanted the Vigoro not the Melnor . The Vigoro works very well . Perhaps the AA batteries I used were not fresh enough , but the battery power of the Melnor was not even a week . I will try newer especially stronger batteries next .
 I did not realize my `` Vigro '' was the previous model to the Melnor 3015 I purchased earlier this week - The Vigro would not power up this summer , and the Melnor worked for 4 days , and worked POORLY . Used a set of 2 AA batteries every day . My only hope is that the company will somehow make it right.Update 7/16/2012An email to the company at an address I found on their website has resulted in an apology and I 've been told a new one will be shipped to me in the next 2-3 days . Gave them an extra star just for the service . If the new one works for longer than 4 days , I will add another star .
 This product worked like a charm for the first two months . Sometime in the third month though , the timer stopped closing properly . There was a slow leak which caused my water bill to triple . What 's the point of having a timer if it wo n't actually shut off ?
 Have been a big user of the old style 3060 for a long time using six of them . They do wear out and that 's not a flaw - it just happens to items with moving parts and circuitry . The current 3015 is a bummer with very limited programming capabilities and the new 3060 does n't have a cover and when exposed to measurable direct sunlight , it will fail . It , too , does not have the capabilities of its predesessor . Melnor `` was '' a great company offering good products - what happened !?!?!?!? If there 's anyone out there that has a working old-style 3060 and wants to sell it , let me know . By old style , it had a cover and was a square type unit using four AA batteries and had a lighted display .
 Product was used for just 2 seasons -LRB- May-Sept -RRB- . At the end of each season battery was removed and replaced in spring with new battery . Item never was wet and internal parts as well as external look new ; but no longer works . The last Melnor unit only lasted 1 season . Think they want it to fail . Needs engineering fix . Their service line is always busy ! I do not recommend .
 I have nothing new to add ... this is a terrible , yet expensive , product . I am just adding this review to make sure the product has very low star rating . The on-off button and manual overdrive both stopped working . What a waste of plastic .
 Awful . Bought these at another store , got two of them , neither worked for more than a few weeks and they never worked as described when they did .
 Two years ago I bought one of these water timers for my garden . Worked fine that summer . The next summer I hooked it up and it leaked like a sieve . I bought another because that was all my local store had . Worked fine that summer but once again when I tried to use the second one this summer the it leaked . If they cost $ 5 it might be worth it but for $ 30 there are a lot of better options .
 Bought this timer halfway through last summer . Brought inside this winter . Put in a new battery this Spring . Now it only runs on manual for approx 20 minutes before it suddenly shuts off !! Ca n't find a solution . Hoping company will replace .
 I ca n't find Melnor 's round timer anymore . It worked pretty good . Got one in the backyard that 's bulletproof and will last 6 months on 1 9v battery . This one , apparently the replacement for it , is just crap . Wo n't hold the time ... wo n't run the program consistently ... goes through batteries in no time flat . Works great on manual , though.In short , do n't waste your money .
 This timer only lasted three weeks . It failed to function while I was on vacation which was the very reason it was purchased . Apparently something was not sealed correctly in the device and the entire battery compartment flooded with water , rusting all the connections and causing it 's failure .
 This was the fanciest timer at home depot so I got it . Program options looks nice and worked fine for about a month . After that it just stopped working . I replaced the battery but it keeps shutting off . Junk .
 I bought 2 , one for the front yard with a moisture sensor and one for the back yard with moisture sensor . I planned to have a reliable watering of my new sown grass seeds for 4 weeks in June and July of my summer vacations in Germany . Both timer-sensors combinations did not work in the first place . The front yard watering timer got completely soaked after one week , the display was under water . The back yard timer did never start to water with the moisture sensor . If my neighbor would not have turned both programs off and watered manually , my lawn would have died . This stuff is poorly engineered and obviously never tested in the field.Do not buy or you will certainly regret it!Gardena watering timer never failed me .
 Bought two of these at Home Depot and neither of them worked . The more I read the instructions it became clear that this is an inferior product . The first clue is when you try and set the time ... . states to set to the nearest hour ? I could go on but I 'm on my way to return these to Home Depot . I think I 'll stick with Gilmour .
 I rarely write negative reviews , however this is one product to stay away from . Adding another `` 1 star '' to the rest of the reviews here , I bought 2 of these devices at the same time . One broke off from the faucet within the first week and the other had water in the battery compartment the same week . It is clear this design is faulty.I have since bought a Gilmour 9400 that is more expensive , however is working as advertised .
 These timers are junk pure & simple ! . I bought two of them at Home Depot and had to return both of them . On the first one , the valve would n't work either in the automatic or manual modes . On the second unit I had the same problem with the valve plus the connector that attaches to the faucet was broken off the body right out of the package .
 I purchased 5 of these timers . Of the 4 I 've set up , 3 of them have problems with timing -LRB- run too often , unrelated to the program I 've set up -RRB- . The 4th had a leaky gasket and filled with water so I 'm not sure whether the timer worked correctly or not . The customer service person was frustrated the two times I called but has agreed to replace the units . Now that I see the problems others have had , I may save myself some hassle and find an alternative product .
 Like many others who have reviewed this sprinkler , I hold the opinion that it is junk . I paid extra because of the claim of `` all metal '' and the lifetime warranty . Within the first few uses , it stopped oscillating . Will work for a couple of hours and then gets stuck . I 'd avoid this one . In fact , I doubt I 'll be inclined to buy anything from this company . If this is their top of the line model , how good can the cheap stuff be ?
 I bought this sprinkler at Home Depot and used it a few times last year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . It pluged and then stopped moving . This is really junk!Why ca n't industry make a good , reliable sprinkler ? For that matter , why does most products now only last a short time ?
 Gosh , I hate cheap sh ** . I was duped into buying this at the hardware store a few years ago because I saw the metal housing and associated that with `` quality '' . I could kick myself for that now . The sprinkler has a nice solid metal frame , but the oscillating mechanism is made of cheap plastic . Within a year of use it started getting stuck at the end of each oscillation . I tried tinkering with the settings and adjusting the water volume , all to no avail . I broke it out for use today after it was stored away all winter , and now the thing gets stuck every few seconds.I 'm going to contact Melnor in hopes of finding replacement parts for this thing . It would be a real shame to throw away this nice metal frame because of the flimsy plastic mechanics.I should point out that after use I always stored it out of the elements . Turns out that was a wasted effort !
 I bought this sprinkler because it was ` heavy duty ' and all metal . Sadly , the drive train is all plastic and promptly broke , leaving me with a sprinkler that wo n't oscillate . I strongly discourage anyone from purchasing this item .
 I 've bought three of these 360M 's and two of them failed after I made the fatal mistake of touching the area limiter controls -- one of them after using it 4 times ! The only one I have that is still working is on its 3rd season now , and I 'm sure that 's because I 've never so much as looked hard at the controls.Don ' t buy this sprinkler ! If you already have one and it 's working , do n't touch the controls !
 I bought this Melnor oscillating sprinkler together with the similar Melnor 4200M 2 years ago and am now throwing both away as they both stop oscillating shortly after you set them up . It is very frustrating to start watering an area and then return to find that your sprinkler is stuck in one position and has failed at its intended job . I have 2 Gardena brand ocillating sprinklers -LRB- one is 12 years old -RRB- that work perfectly . Reliability counts so avoid these products .
 I am a bit disappointed , and my grass is brown . I bought this sprinkler a few years ago . It worked well for the first 2 or 3 seasons , but was n't oscillating properly last summer . I called Melnor and they were very kind . Because of the warranty , they offered to send me a new gear or replace my sprinkler . I chose to have my sprinkler replaced . I hope that this newer version holds up for more than 3 summer seasons !
 Spent a little more at HD for this American assembled product . First use was impressed - I liked the coverage and adjustability . But second use - the oscillating feature stopped working . I had dropped the product on the lawn as I was screwing it onto the hose . Very dissappointed . Called MELNOR customer service - left phone number on voicemail , but no callback . Based on these other reviews - I 'm returning it . I 'm going to try this lower tech solution from Nelson : Nelson Cast Iron Square Spray Pattern Stationary Sprinkler Head 50951
 I decided to try a high cost sturdy sprinkler for a change . Did not oscillate from the first day . Moves in one direction , and then sits there clicking with no return movement . Tried a half dozen different settings with no change in performance . Do n't waste your money .
 Never worked from day one . Did not oscillate . Light weight , poor quality , do n't waste your money
 I purchased this sprinkler because it appeared to be a quality product , with the frame being solidly built of rust-proof aluminum . I assumed that the motor would be as well built , but I was seriously mistaken . As other reviewers have written , the motor ceased oscillating and began to `` stick '' less than a month after purchase . Talk about annoying ! Needless to say , I returned this sprinkler for a refund , and bought a cheaper , yet more reliable oscillating sprinkler at a fraction of the cost . This is the second Melnor product that I 've owned that has performed poorly , and after this experience I will certainly avoid purchasing any more of their `` junk '' . I would recommend the same to all others .
 I bought two of these and neither works properly . Each gets stuck in one position and does not oscillate .
 What a piece of junk . I bought this sprinkler from Home Depot . It was one of the most expensive ones they had , and it looked like it was well built . After a few uses , however , it gets stuck and you have to shake it to get it to start oscillating again . It is not worth any amount of money , certainly not what they are asking .
 ORdered a second , after -LRB- luckily -RRB- having good success with the first . Second one arrived , oscilation was DOA . I am nto sure I will roder a replacement after reading all the simialr comments .
 Stupid me , I thought a more expensive $ 30 oscillating sprinkler would last longer than my previous $ 5 oscillating sprinkler . Wrong . I purchased this in May 2012 , today is July 15 , 2012 and it wo n't oscillate anymore . If water pressure is the issue as stated in another review , why did it work for 2ish months and then suddenly stop working ? Yes , I made sure the screen at the hose connection was clean . I even took it apart best I could to see if I could figure out the issue , the oscillating/gear system is sealed . So frustrating .
 Used this about 3 times in my garden , now no oscillating . Avoid this junk at all costs .
 I am on my 4th Melnor oscillating sprinkler ! The first 3 failed . ie no longer oscillates , leaks like a sieve . I have tried different models . While the hardware is metal , the oscillating part is made of cheap plastic . Brand new the oscillator failed , and after several trips to Home Depot , this one worked for a while and then it too stopped oscillating . Now it leaks like my previous one did!Find another oscillating sprinkler !
 I expect more from a $ 30 + sprinkler and will never buy another Melnor product as a result of this experience . Was never stepped on or thrown -LRB- until it quit oscillating anyhow -RRB- . Junk .
 The oscillating mechanism of the sprinkler failed within the first 30 minutes of operation . We called the manufacturer , explained the problem and were promised replacement parts immediately . We received the parts , installed them and put the sprinkler in operation immediately . It performed for approximately 8 hours and has failed again . We are in a quandry at the moment
 I bought this oscillating sprinkler in 4/2008 from Lowes and it stopped oscillating in 1 month . The frame is metal and rugged enough , but the entire gear train is plastic and looks very flimsy . Do not buy this product .
 the frame is metal , but the actual oscillating mechanism is plastic . i just blew out my 3rd . yes , i have high water pressure , but come on . is there not a sprinkler that i can just turn on?the first one i had , i turned on full blast . worked fine for a couple of weeks , then blew out . so i got a replacement -LRB- this is all from home depot -RRB- . i turned it on and it blew out immediately -LRB- you do n't really hear a loud pop , but you can see water suddenly spray from the middle of the oscillator , and when you look at it you see that it 's literally been blown apart -RRB- . so i replaced that and decided i would just be careful , since it ca n't take much use , and it 's the best one home depot has . so i turn it on just enough to get the water to spray out about 15 ' per side . well , that lasted about 2 weeks . the other blew out as i turned it on this morning.seriously , is there not a sprinkler that 's REALLY ALL METAL that i can buy ?
 I bought a second Melnor Oscillating sprinkler to replace the one that kept getting stuck . The new one stuck just like the first . How frustrating ! I wo n't be buying Melnor products again .
 I bought this sprinkler about three weeks ago , it is in the garbage now ! I thought when it did not rotate that it might have something hanging it up so , I bought a water filter and added it to the line . That was a waste of money also ! The sprinkler would rotate back and forth very well for a few rotations and then it would hang up , I then would pick it up and bump it a time or two and it would work fine for a few rotations and hang up again , then I would start over again . Finally I got tired of staying outside just so the lawn could get watered . Now , I just use a hand spray nozzle until I can get a good sprinkler.I would not recommend this product to anyone , it is a waste of time and your precious money . I like this type of sprinkler if it worked like it was supposed to .
 Picture shows older Melnor model which was a good heavy duty sprinkler . But new model that is being shipped is silver & very lightweight with cheap gears that fail within weeks . Sprinkler just stops going back and forth and stays in one position . Save your money & look for another sprinkler .
 Unlike the rest of this sprinkler 's components , the oscillating mechanism is not metal but plastic . The oscillating mechanism broke in about three hours time . I replaced it with another one and it also did not oscillate after a few hours . Save your money . I 've been through no less than 13 oscillating sprinklers . The only ones I could find had the same plastic oscillating mechanisms and all of them were returned because this mechanism would break almost immediately .
 I had to do some serious re-engineering own my worthless Melnor sprinkler . I sent Melnor photos of my fix and never got a reply or thank you from them . So , as far as I am concerned , Melnor sucks .
 I have 2 of these , probably bought at different times from local hardware store . The sturdy looking construction drew me in . The plastic oscillation assembly is actually pretty robust looking , but innards are apparently not up to snuff . One of them continues to work fine , but the other only travels in one direction and fails to rotate back after reaching the arc limiter .
 Like everyone else , it stopped oscillating after about a week . Avoid Melnor products like the plague unless you like wasting money .
 My complaint is that of many others . The sprinkler worked exactly as stated for a summer . This summer , it started sticking in one position . Now it does n't oscillate at all .
 I 'm so sad that the green metal Melnor I have that does work well does n't have a part number anywhere on it that I can find -LRB- adjustable , but not clicky like this silver one -RRB- . This one has three problems the other one did n't
 I 've planted seeds of various types for years , all with successful results . It 's now nearly a month since planting these seeds according to directions of course , with nicely warm weather each day and not one has germinated in trays outdoors .
 This cover looked great on the website . Did n't look too bad when I received it either . The problem is that it is not Near Long Enough . You ca n't just leave it like it 's shown in the picture . It blows off continuously . It 's like throwing a sheet over the grill . You must tie the string that comes with it . When the string is tied , it makes the cover come up about 18 inches . There 's a great deal of your grill that is not covered . Only the top of the grill will be covered . The lower half of your grill is left bare . My old cover completely covered the grill . This is supposed to be the same size . It 's not . It 's also a little thinner than I thought it would be , so wo n't last too long . It was a cheap price though , so it will get replaced as soon as I find a decent one . It 's small enough to be used as a chair cover & might be useful that way . It also would work for a really small grill , but Not the type grill that 's shown .
 This company does n't respond to phone calls or email . It really does n't have customer service even though it publishes an email address and a phone number for it.The instructions specify that a wood post should be at 20 deg and a metal post at 10 deg away from the shade without any dimensions or justification .
 First of all , I own three Coolaroo window shades and am pleased with their quality and performance ; however , this shade sail is far smaller than stated in the description . I did not measure but estimated shade to be around 9 ' give or take 6 '' . I wanted to cover a frame that just happens to be 11 ' 8 '' , and this shade fell light years short of reaching that dimension . Another reviewer described a similar complaint prior to my purchase , but I chose to ignore that review thinking he or she was mistaken or possibly received a defective shade . Nevertheless , he or she was right so , learn from my mistake ; if you need more than 9-ish feet look elsewhere . If actual dimensions are not a concern , then experience tells me you will probably be pleased with the quality .
 It is n't square . The edges are curved inward . It 's 11 1/2 feet wide at the corners but only 8 1/2 feet wide in the middle . It says square , I expect it to be square . A 12x12 shade is 144 square feet . They take off several inches on each edge for seams plus another couple for the attachment rings , then the sides curve so it 's only 95 square feet of shade . Getting returned .
 This is a great product when they send the hardware . Last 2 I ordered was missing hardware . Going to Lowes next time .
 While it looks good once it 's up , it sags . We 've made several attempts to make it as tight as can be without much help from the instructions , and are very disappointed in that aspect . If better instructions were given , we 'd be giving this product 5 stars ! But the directions are vague and do not help with information on how to hang it , no dimensions , no recommendations on pipe width , which hardware to use , etc.Now we are stuck with pipes cemented into our lawn at the incorrect distance and width and will have to remove them and purchase new pipes . Not happy.Also , do not expect this to protect your from the rain ! Just a side note . It does great for shade , but nothing else .
 The exact same thing goes for anything from 29.99 to 32.00 . Why buy for this crazy price ? I bought a 16 ' X 15 '' for $ 39.99 , and 2 other , with dleivery for $ 84.99 ! Same quality and material . Do your research .
 I just received this item and I ca n't believe that I paid for this piece of junk . It is EXTEMELY flimsy and does not even stand up by itself . The fiberglass pole frame is to small to hold this up . This item did not come with guide lines and stakes which it MUST have to even stand up . Do not buy this item ...
 The backing is stiff which severely restricts the blanket 's flexibility and the ability to fold it . It 's supposed to provide the waterproof barrier , but it cracks after being folded just a couple times , so does n't even do that . The blanket is more like 60x70 inches , smaller than the 68x82 stated in the description . All around piece of crap !
 I bought this mat with high hopes and was thoroughly disappointed !! I followed the washing directions the day that I got it so it would be clean and ready to use for my 8 month old baby . The plastic backing on it is so cheap and brittle that it was completely destroyed in the wash . Big holes all over ! Also , extremely difficult to wrap back in the original position to make the shoulder strap work , and when you do , the velcro is not strong enough to keep it closed . Altogether terrible product -- I wish I could get my money back !
 I received two of these for Christmas last year and just loved them . My husband and I used them for our first picnic last week and they were great . Waterproof and easy to carry , but not so easy to re-fold without getting dirty . I took them home and washed them for the first time
 The backing seems to be waterproof as advertised . The padding is almost non-existent , and it feels flimsy overall . Definitely overpriced .
 Notice that when this is folded up , the decorative side is on the OUTSIDE ! This means that , when you lay it out to fold it up , you have to put the soft side down on the WET GRASS !! Horrible !!!!
 I 've found two types of grill brushes . The older kind that I 'm used to using have strong copper colored bristles that will last a whole season or more . But lately I 've seen many out of China that have silver bristles that do n't even last one season , and they tend to come off in whole pieces . Unfortunately , when this arrived I discovered it had the kind of bristles that resemble those that do n't last . And that 's exactly what happened , big clumps coming out by the third use , and the bristles are n't really that strong at cleaning either . I think the traditional wood handled models are more likely to have the old style bristles ... now I 'm going to try to wooden handled Weber model available through Amazon .
 I had an old trap borrowed from someone and caught many raccoons with it . It was made of very strong material and the trap trigger mechanism was very simple and dependable . Unfortunately I begin to feel somewhat guilty about borrowing the trap all the time thus I purchased this new one ... big mistake . As is normal with most new things the trap was made out of much lighter material than the old one and the trigger mechanism had been dramatically changed -LRB- probably new and improved -RRB- and was not near as dependable of the the old trap . In fact , it did not work at all the way it originally came to me . After bending the trip wire several different ways I did get it to somewhat work and finally did catch the neighbors cat ! In short , it you do purchase this item plan on doing some work on it to make it dependable . Right now mine is sitting in my shop and my friend is bringing his old one back down for me to use . Although I am not sure that it justifies the two stars that I left the trap does have a back door that makes it easier to put the bait into the trap .
 I purchased the Lafuma RSX mesh zero gravity recliner after reading the positive reviews on the comfort of this chair . I have to agree with that assessment . However , the chair started draining rusty water from the tubular sections of the chair and the pivot points are showing rust after only one month of use . Rain water gets into the tubular sections and apparently the insides are not coated and protected like the outside . The rust stains our deck which was just installed but quick scrubbing did remove the stains . I did not want to have to do this after every rain . I went with this more expensive chair to avoid problems like this and locally could have bough similar chairs for 1/3 the price . Of course packing it up and sending it back after all the shipping materials have been discarded would be costly . I have since tried putting tape over the holes in the tubular sections to see if that helps . I would not purchase or recommend this chair until these problems were corrected . Also be cautious with young children that do n't weight much for their lower body weight makes it easy for the chair to tip over backwards ... happened with a grandchild just sitting ... luckily no injuries except being frightened .
 I 'm 5 ' 9 &#34; and found this was too short for me . It was uncomfortable . Maybe the XL would have been better
 I have owned a Lafuma chair for a few years now . As of this week I have fallen through the chair THREE TIMES !!! The elastic cords that hold the chair together are dangerously weak . This chair has never been outside in the elements . I am 6ft 2in and weigh 160lbs ... not a huge guy ! The first two times it has failed me , the company admitted that the cords should have lasted longer and replaced them . When I contacted them this time , I was told that I am using it too frequently ! So , I should n't sit in the chair ? Is n't that what it 's for ? Do your self a favor ... DO NOT BUY THIS CHAIR !!!
 This thing arrived in a ravaged box . It may have been damaged during shipment . When you sit in it it bends inward and your butt hits the metal support bar below the seat -LRB- no , I 'm not fat -RRB- . Try to recline and your are tossed onto your back , staring at the ceiling . There is no halfway with this contraption . you 're either fully upright , or you 're counting stars . There is supposed to be a lock under the chair arm , but it did not work . It is a French product ... what did I expect ?
 I purchased this and have misplaced the ac/dc adaptor & manual . I tried to call the phone number on the box -LRB- 888-231-4022 -RRB- and it has been disconnected . I then found another number for The Coleman Co , Inc. and was told that this is not their product and that the company that made it -LRB- Team Products Int -RRB- is out of business and apparently they made it for Coleman Powermate , Inc which is also out of business . However it does say , on the bottom of the box The Coleman Co , Inc. . I did n't get anywhere when I called Coleman . They would n't take any responsibility for this product even though it has their name as big as life on the box . From a little research I have found that Coleman is good for selling thir name to other companies -LRB- http://www.ripoffreport.com/reports/0/260/RipOff0260168.htm -RRB- . I wo n't be buying any more Coleman products . If you want to confirm this you can call
 I 'd give it -1 star if I could . Wo n't jump a dead battery and Coleman wo n't have anything to do with it so God help you if you lose/misplace/break a part . More Chinese cr@p for our US landfills .
 I purchased this system several years ago to use in an emergency ... of course . Well , nothing on it every worked . The inflator makes the sound but it does not pump air ... also the built in gauge does n't work . I recently tried to jumpstart my car in an emergency , of course , it didnt work . I dont think Coleman makes this anymore but if you see one for sale , dont buy it .
 I received the PMJ8160 for a father 's day present and have used it for running a 7 watt fan all night long on a camping trip . It worked well for that , but with hurricane gustav , I really needed some power and needed to power my internet modem so I could connect with work and family/friends to let them know I was okay ... the modem only uses 13 watts ; thus at 18 amp hours one would think that I would get from 12 - 13 hours out of it . I got a little over 2 ... Today , I had a dead battery in my Toyota Sienna and tried to start it with a fully charged PMJ8160 ... nothing . I am rather dissapointed in this product and really can not recommend it to anyone ... go to Harbor Freight and get the Chicago Electric version for a lot less ...
 My Coleman Jumpstart unit has never been used . It will not take a charge . Has been connected to electricity for 24 hours , red light is the only light on . Can any one help ? Very unhappy in Wisconsin !! Buying this Coleman product was like throwing money away . Beware !!
 I 've owned one of these Coleman units for five years . I keep it plugged in and ready for use with a power inverter to provide AC power for a lamp or radio during a power outage . Never had to jump a car with it -LRB- looks like that was a good thing -RRB- . After five years , I noticed that it is no longer holding a charge . The built in lamp glows but only at half power . The power supply/charger is working fine so it appears that the internal battery is shot.I have a similar starter kit made by Sears that I 've had for almost ten years and still works great for jumping cars and running a small lamp during power failures .
 I 've had this device for over a year - in fact , I have 4 in my 1 bedroom apt . -LRB- 1 in kitchen , 2 living room / bedroom , 1 in other bedroom -RRB- In sum , it 's mildly effective with roaches and not effective with mice at all . I would n't waste my money on this if I were you , am sure you can find something better .
 As evidenced by the roach crap on the back of the devices after several months of use , I 'd say they 're totally ineffective .
 As a person who really does n't like spiders i would love to find something to rid them of my house and not need to worry about them anymore but in this house hold we also have pet rats . There needs to be something for just bugs because rats/mice can also be pets aswell and i would n't want to harm them !
 Using these cartridges with the Flowtron BK-80D bug zapper , did n't seem like they made much of a difference to our mosquito neighbors . However , the bug zapper did a heck of a job with the flies that had recently moved in with us .
 I have been using the product continuously for two months and the mosquitoes are still plentiful .
 Despite the fact this octenol attracts somehow the mosquito , its unnecesary , and too expensive . Dont buy it , the bulb light does the work
 ... of the cartridges when the Flowtron machine itself broke down before I got to use them . Machine shorted after only 6 weeks . I guess the old adage holds true
 I bought the zapper and it came with the skeeter attractent . When I go out in the morning to shut the zapper off.The skeeters start having a buffet on me.The zapper works fine , do n't waste your money on the Octenol Mosquio Bait . Its useless .
 And once again , I consign the notion of a mosquito-free evening that does n't end with me scrubbing DEET off my whole body to the realm of fantasy .
 I did n't even try to use them . If you read the warnings on the back of the package , it 's pretty scary . The warnings say not to breath , or touch the octenol at all and to seek medical attention if you do . When the package arrived from UPS it stunk ! Sitting on my couch I opened the package -LRB- cardboard amazon box , not the octenol package or lures themselves -RRB- and got a headache within a couple of minutes from the smell . There is no way I could live with that smell every time I went into my backyard . The Flowtron 80D does a good job without them . I threw the octenol lures away the same day they arrived .
 Note this item is supposed to ship via Amazon Prime , but it does not ! So if you need it fast , go elsewhere .
 I bought a Flowtran 40W several weeks ago . I used the trap with and without the Octenol . In my opinion , there is hardly any difference whether I use the octenol or not . The trap only works after sunset , and it seems like the light is the only thing that attracts the bugs . When I am out during the day working in the yard , I can see mosquitoes trying to bite me , but they do n't bother to check out my trap + octenol set up . If they like Octenol , I should hear the ` zap ' throughout the day , but I do n't . I also read the government reviews -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and it does n't look like Octenol does any ` magic ' to attract the bugs .
 The flowtron MA 1000-6 octenol mosquito attractant is a fairly expensive addition to your bluish-light electric mosquito zapper . The mosquitos in our yard seem no less dense and active than they were before I used the attractant . Indeed , they were either laughing at the attractant , or were angrier than normal because of it . Frankly , I found it ineffective ; yet , others may well have had the opposite experience as each situation -LRB- trees , grass , dampness , water supply , winds , etc. -RRB- is different .
 This does not appear to attract more mosquitos than the light does by itself . The chemical is toxic to touch per the package warnings and it 's not easy to get the cartidges into the light as instructed . Save your money ... not worth the hassel .
 I know we have had a lot of rain this year and that provides a spawning ground for mosquitoes , but honestly , I notice no difference in the number of mosquito bites I get with the insect killer or without it . AND I ADDED THE MOSQUITO ATTRACTANT CARTRIDGES . TO SEAL THE DEAL . IT SEEMS TO HAVE NO NOTICEABLE EFFECT .
 I got this along with the Fly Sex Lure and neither of them seem to work . This has more toxic warning than I see on a can of Raid , but so far , I have n't found a dead mosquito since I put on in . Now , maybe we do n't have a lot of mosquito like they do in North Dakota and this thing would work like a god up there , but in New Mexico , unless you live by lots of water , save your money.The good thing is you seem to get a lot of them for the price , but more does n't seem to help and they do n't smell very good.Flowtron MA-1000-6 Octenol Mosquito Attractant Cartridges , 6-Pack
 I purchased a 6 pack of the octenol mosquito repellent cartridges thinking it would help with the mosquitos . My Flowtron is large enough to manage an acre , and I only have 1/3 acre . I do n't see many moths , but the mosquitos are as bad as ever . I was thinking of putting up another Flowtron on the other side of the house , but I 'm not sure that it would do any good . I just have to bite the bullet with this purchase!The best part of this purchase is the way Amazon handled the sale from ordering to delivering - accurate , fast , and complete !
 This item does n't seem to work at attracting mosquitos into the bug zapper in the Philly area . The zapper works fine but I 'd skip ordering this item .
 Simply put the product does n't seem to attract Mosquito 's . Although it does seem to attract other annoying bugs like yellow jackets , but bones or meat work better for that.I wo n't be buying anymore of these they are over priced for the results.I really ca n't seem to find a product that will get rid of these pesky things !
 I was the kind of person who bought a new grill every 2 years because the less expensive grills I bought would last about that long . I saved up some money for a good gill and always heard how great webers were . I compared with 2 other competitors who had more features for less money but I was afraid I would just be buying another expensive grill in 2 or 3 years so I bought this Weber . It NEVER cooked evenly and it did not even last 6 months before breaking . I would not recommend this grill to anyone . BUY A DIFFERENT BRAND this not worth the money at all .
 I bought this grill about recently from a local store . For close to $ 2000 , I thought it would work like a dream.Because it used natural gas , I had to hire a plumber to run a gas line to my patio . After that was done , he tested the side burner and everything seemed to be working fine . I hosted a large family cookout that weekend with the new grill.The first thing I did was reading the manual . The instruction said to run all burners on high for 15 minutes before use . I did that , and the temperature rose to 600 some degrees . After 15 minutes , I put two chickens on rotisserie , and turned the knobs to low . I came back to the grill 5 minutes later , and smelled gas . All six burners had gone out , even though there was very little wind . I let the gas dissipate , and lit the burners again . This time I put the settings to medium . About 5 minutes later , the fire had gone out again . This happened about 10 times in a row . If I put everything on high , it stays lit ; any settings medium or lower cause all the burners to go out.I called Weber support after that . It turned out Weber headquarter was located in the next town to me . The first lady I spoke to claimed that my plumber must have hooked up the grill wrong . She insisted the connector was 3/8 '' for the grill , even though the manual and the label on the connector clearly stated 1/2 '' . I asked to speak to some one more experienced , and was promptly hung up . I called back again , and the next rep. I spoke to had no record of my previous hung up conversation . I gave my information to register the product , and told her the problem again . She asked me to wait for the grill to cool down , and clean all the internal parts per manufacturer instruction . She also wanted me to take out the burners , and clean them with a stainless steel brush . I asked her why I needed to do that when the grill is brand new . She said something about shipping wax could have gotten into the grill internals . She also said my gas pressure may not be high enough . I call the plumber at home , and asked him to come back here to check the pressure . The plumber told me that he had checked the pressure after installation , and it must have been a problem with the grill . He then agreed to come over , but will charge me for traveling time if it was not a gas line problem . He lived about 1 hour away , and it was on Sunday.My whole family waited with table full of raw meat , while the plumber checked the gas pressure . Sure enough the pressure was fine , even a bit higher than normal . Embarrassed , I paid him for 2 hours of time , and extra for traveling.I called Weber support again , and spoke to a different support person . While giving my information , I was hung up again . I called back again , and this time was transferred to voicemail . Finally , I tried again , and spoke to another rep. I told her that their previous suggestions did not work , and I paid close to $ 2000 for a grill that did not work . She told me that I needed to heat the grill up to 700 degree , instead of just 600 , even it took over 15 minutes . I tried that solute , and let grill run for over 20 minutes . Finally , the temperature rose to about 680 , but would not go up again . I then hear the grill cover metal making popping sound , the temperature started going down . I opened up the grill , and noticed the thing metal line inside started to buckle and warp , and started to peel off the rivets . I called Weber support again , and told them that solution did not work either . This time the support person scheduled for a service call . However , I would not be contacted until a week later to be scheduled , and it would take another week or two for the actual repair to take place . I was so frustrated with the experience , and called the local store to take the whole grill back.So far I have wasted over $ 400 paying for the plumber , messed up a weekend cookout -LRB- we ended up microwave all the food -RRB- , and wasted over 4 hours on the phone with Weber support . I bought Weber because of all the great reviews and reputation , but it was a big disappointment . The overall construction of this grill felt light and cheap , and it did not even work right out of the box . My old Vermont Castings grill only cost $ 300 , and it worked for over 5 years without any problem , on the same gas line . Weber support had tried everything they can to not send any repairperson to fix the problem . I was not impressed with the quality at all , especially with the high rate of disconnects -LRB- 2 out of 6 -RRB- . In the old days , Weber made durable quality products . It is not the case today . At least with the high price Summit Gold D6 I bought . I will not buy any products from Weber again .
 Well , I went on the cheap and bought it to cover my patio table for the winter . The thing is already torn to shreds and I only had it on the table for about a month .
 The gnome is cute , but it is extremely light so it falls over every time the wind blows . The colors also faded fast , I 'd say within 3 months .
 Grass does n't exactly run from this size line . I go with a braided line same diameter much stronger . You get more for less on the braided because it lasts a lot longer . this line I find breaks often and I have to replace it constantly . That can be time consuming and frustrating . This does come at a great bargain though , and if you are a homeowner just needing to get the job done , it will certainly do that . I no longer use it for my business though .
 I used this stuff around my bedposts for a couple days and developed a sore throat and coughing . This stuff is silicon dioxide and is different from the food grade form of diatomacous earth , its deadly if ingested and probably even worse than the food grade stuff when inhaled . Both are carcinogens and in my opinion should only be used in outdoor aplications . If you use this stuff inside make sure to ventilate the room very well and clean the stuff up after it has done its job . Keep in mind that it is a fine powder and will be very hard to completely remove from carpet or fabric .
 I had high hopes ... but it did not work at all . I tested on a small fire ant mound , a spider and a big slug . After 3 days of watching them it had not effect at all . I re-applied the second day but still nothing . Does it really work for some people ?
 I bought this on sale and with a tie-in to a poison-free spray . I liked the idea of poison-free products because I have small children ; however , I 'm going back to toxic waste killing machines for my insect problem . This just does n't do the job . Ants are building anthills right in the center of the powder . I 'm going to have to call this product an abject failure.-Fred
 This did n't work for me and it 's extremely messy . It 's very dusty and you can easily inhale some of it . I would not suggest using it indoors . Clean up is a nightmare and it did n't kill the roaches in my house .
 I followed the instructions just like it said but I never notice any improvement on my orange trees . I will just stick to cow manure for fertilizing my trees .
 All I can say is you 'd better by one of these for every 20 degrees of coverage you need . The motion sensor has a very narrow and sporadic band of activation coverage , such that you almost have to walk directly in front of it . Sometimes it will trigger and sometimes it wo n't . If it ca n't sense a 6ft . human I do n't have high hopes for it being able to sense a little ground critter . Range is n't all that great either ; about 30-40 feet . Lastly when I forced it to go off , none of the squirrels or birds near me seemed to react at all . A total waste of money .
 This device was basically worthless in my opinion for my needs and also of cheap construction . I was going to use it primarily for squirrels , which did not work . Also , I found the unit not very sensitive and its sensitivity was erratic as to consistently detecting anything in its line of sight including myself.I discussed these units with a pest control expert who said generally they are best for manufactures but not customers . I have had two other units like this in the past and came to the same conclusion as did the pest control experts I consulted . I returned it for a refund.I would recommend anyone buying this unit do so with caution . It might work well for your particular needs , but I was very disappointed in its performance and seeming lack of quality construction and components.My recommendation would be to buy it and try it , you might find it works perfectly for your needs . I always like to give products the benefit of a good try , but do n't be disappointed if the results do not meet your expectations . It appears that for certain types of situations some folks have had good success .
 This might actually work , but it sent me out of the room with the constant noise . In a warehouse where no one is working , or a an abandoned garage , or on a planet with no humans , this might be ideal . It also `` does n't work through walls '' according to the manual . Eeek .
 I never write reviews , but this product performed so poorly that felt compelled to let the world know . I purchased two of these devices for my 2000-sq foot home to combat a formidable home invasion by mice . Not only did these things not work , I actually saw a mouse sitting atop one , staring at me , while the repeller was turned on and set at the medium -LRB- nearly intolerable -RRB- volume setting -LRB- the second one was 20 feet away on the same setting -RRB- . I finally junked these things and purchased steel wool , several cans of expanding foam , and spent an afternoon sealing up every hole in my crawl space -LRB- their base of operations for the living space above -RRB- . The mice that were subsequently trapped above -LRB- in my stove - presumably for warmth -RRB- were dealt with via a Maginot Line of glue pads . I 'm now happily mouse free , no thanks to Weitech . In short , their product sucks . I did n't mention that the sonic volume on these things is not something that wives , kids or pets are able to tolerate - I did , only because I hated the mice more .
 Complete waste ! -- I have a problem with crickets -LRB- huge crickets -RRB- coming in from the woods behind our building , I installed this `` repellant '' and I have to say ... The crickets are practically hosting parties right in front of the device !!! Enjoying themselves so much in fact , they have decided to invite guests ... a mouse !! Time to call the exterminator -LRB- again ! -RRB-
 This product I thought was a godsend . However , the mice built up a resistance , it seems , to the sound emmitted . You are able to hear the noise and although it 's easy to ignore , it 's easy to hear at night .
 Do yourself a favour and DO NOT buy this gadget . It might repell mice , but it also repells everything else , including people . The `` ultrasonic '' sounds are , in reality , a loud screeching noise that is impossible to tolerate or even stay in the same room with . Only the insects seem to love them . Buy an insect repellent , and as for scaring away mice , get yourself a nice cat - and you are sure to do much better than by aquiring this useless trinket !
 I followed ALL of the instructions including loosening the top 3 '' of soil and watering twice daily . I did it for two weeks and NO grass sprouted . I could not be more disappointed . My neighbor has bald spots too and all he did was to buy top soil and grass seed and mix the two together . He did n't even water and he has grass growing so save your money . Also , this stuff is ugly . It uses old newspapers and magazines shredded up as mulch and it does n't break down so well and is very obvious in your lawn .
 The title explains it all . I can count the blades of grass on my hand . Bag should say COMBINATION Money Waster and time/effort Waster . Scotts should pull this product , it degrades their brand name .
 I just finished re-doing my lawn after giving patchmaster a month to work , watering twice a day , following all instructions . I 've been patching lawns for many years , and I 'd swear there was no seed in this product . Not a single blade of grass appeared . Now I 'm trying it with grass seed -LRB- another brand as Scotts has half the seed other brands have in the package -RRB- and top soil . Scotts used to be a quality brand but over the past two years or so , this is no longer the case . Now it 's marketing gimmicks and low cost product . Until the quality improves , avoid Scotts products and you 'll be glad you did .
 The above line says it all . -LRB- And yes , I shave my legs . -RRB- Seriously , folks
 This is now an AWFUL product that DOES NOT WORK , despite careful soil preparation and attention to watering . I gave it one star because the site would not allow me to give no stars . I have owned houses for almost thirty years and have used the Scotts lawn patch product of seed and mulch many times in years past with good results . It has been a while since I needed the product , and I noted a change immediately upon taking it out of the bag and trying to spread it . It used to fluff out , and now it was very difficult to break up the clumps and spread it , although I did manage to do so , mostly with my fingers , as a rake was n't effective in breaking the clumps . I used the Patchmaster to try to repair deep snow plow ruts , where my new plowing service missed the driveway and scooped out sod and soil , so I had plenty of depth to fill with excellent topsoil before applying the product . I applied the product in the spring , when the temperatures were good for germination . As my underground sprinkler is not even , I kept a hose along the driveway and watered by hand to make sure all of the areas stayed moist . I do n't work outside the home and was able to check the patches for moisture throughout the day . After one month , I had nothing except for a few strands where the squirrels had disturbed the Patchmaster layer . The mulch in the past was like light fibers ; it is now like wet paper . I might as well have covered the areas with wet newspaper , toilet paper or paper towels . It even sounds different as the water hits it , like the water is hitting a wet newspaper . I did not read reviews before buying the Patchmaster , since I had used it before , but looked at product reviews on the Scotts and Amazon websites after a couple of weeks of no germination . Many other reviewers had noticed the same problems with the product and also had terrible results , although I did not see comments about the product 's being different from in years past . -LRB- Am I really that old ?! -RRB- I wrote to Scotts and was told that I could mail them my UPC codes . -LRB- I had thrown out the receipt , not expecting to need it . -RRB- Their response advised that the temperature needed to be warm enough for germination -LRB- it was , and we have had a very early spring here in the midwest this year -RRB- and that I needed to spread the product no thicker than 1/2 inch and keep it watered -LRB- I did -RRB- . They did not address what I believe to be a major change in the mulch , and their response repeating the product instructions was insulting . Unless in the future there is reason to believe that the product has again been reformulated , AVOID THIS PRODUCT . I am now removing Patchmaster and releveling the areas with a little more topsoil so that I can reseed without Patchmaster . This used to be a good product , but the company has ruined it . I am wondering if it is a case of using recycled materials , maybe that have already been recycled at least once . This is worse than a waste of money , because you will waste a lot of time and effort . BTW , I did not buy this from Amazon , but Amazon is where I go to read product reviews , so I wanted to contribute my experience here .
 Wish I read the reviews before I bought this . The product is an absolute joke . Does not work at all . I do not recommend this product to anyone . Should have seen it coming when it was I sale .
 I put this down three weeks ago . The temps have been in the 70 's -LRB- they say 65-80 degrees are ideal . I watered two times a day . I prepped the soil as they suggested . I was hopeful , but have nothing to show for it . The reviews are horrible on Scott 's own site . I wish I would have checked those before buying .
 After purchasing this product to fill in an area that used to be a flowerbed , I am extremely disappointed . I dug the flowerbed out , tilled in 3 new bags of topsoil , and then applied this product as per the instructions . I have watered it twice daily for the past 10 + days and there are absolutely no signs of seed germination . The bag states that you should start to see results after 7-14 days - unless there is a miracle , I do n't see anything sprouting in the next day or so . Do yourself a favor and avoid these `` all in one '' gimmicks and just go buy yourself a bag of grass seed , till it into your topsoil , and keep it watered . People have been growing grass that way for centuries , I personally feel like a sucker for trying to go this route . I 'll be disposing of this paper mess from my yard and putting some regular seed down tonight or tomorrow .
 Simply put I followed the directions while applying to bare spot , watered like clock work for two weeks , and all I have to show for it is a patch covered in Scotts PatchMaster . Not one single blade of grass has developed . I wrote Scotts to complain and they have n't even bothered to respond . Never again .
 I have read a lot of the bad reviews and am not sure why everyone has had a bad time with this product . I had bought one bag from my local Lowes and was skeptical myself but thought oh well I will not be out very much money if it does not work . I watered it every morning before the sun came up and I went to work and at night after the sun went down . After a week I started to see thin blades of grass so I decided to go and buy two more bags to see if they would work . After another week all three bags I had purchased were sprouting grass . The first bag I tried had exploded into a large grass patch by this point . I decided to go buy three more bags for a total of six and I am now at about 5 weeks later from initially starting this process . I decided not to mow my front yard this whole time to see how well it would thicken up . I just mowed my yard yesterday and it looked amazing . I will admit there were a few small spots where the paper was there with no grass seed but besides that it still looked great . I did about half of my front yard and will finish the other half now.I would like to note that it has not rained at my house in a month and a half until last night . I have tried grass seed before but it would never dig in to the hard clay I have around my house . Also with the patchmaster I have not tilled up the ground for 1 of my bags yet and it still grew . The true test will be if it is still be there buy the end of summer and next year.So now a while later and I am not happy with the product any more . It grew in areas but not others . It looked extremely promising at first seeing the grasss perk up out of the ground . For some reason the last 3 bags I tried did not do ANYTHING . I watered it the same way I had previously . A waste of money and the first set of bags I used did not thicken up like expected .
 I put this as directed and I have not seen any grass . It has been months.I am a Ph.D. live in Malibu .
 I 'm not one of those guys who writes lousy reviews about everything or looks for flaws in products to exploit . That being said , this product was so bad I felt the need to come here and vent for my own satisfaction.The only way this product could be any worse is if it contained asbestos or turned your lawn into an EPA Superfund site . I placed this product on the bare spots on my lawn 2 weeks ago and so far not a single blade of grass has grown . I water twice a day and keep a close eye on it to ensure it does n't dry out . It has been in the high 60s low 70s during this time in mostly full sun with some light rain and overcast each week . In some places I 've picked up a handful of the mixture and can see the ungerminated seed - doing nothing.Some have complained the mixture is mostly ground up newspaper , but I do n't care about that as long as the grass grows . It could be ground up babies for all I care as long as I have green grass to show for it after watering twice a day for a couple weeks . I bought a few bags of this -LRB- at considerable expense -RRB- and none of it has grown . I 'll give it a full 3 solid weeks to begin doing something before I throw some topsoil over it and plant seed the typical way . If any of it begins to grow by the end of week 3 I 'll edit this review.The bag should say Hefty because the product inside is absolute garbage .
 I followed the instructions and there are no blades of grass . I think the shredded newspaper does more to impede the growth than to act as a mulch . Now , I have bald spots on the lawn with caked in paper pulp that dries to a paper mache matt . Next time , I 'm buying seed and compost . This product was a waste of my time .
 As others have stated , I followed directions about 3 '' of loose topsoil , etc. . I even used brand new topsoil in a bag . I watered 2-3 times per day . Its been 2 1/2 weeks and not a blade of grass . Better off doing it the way i usually do it ... mix dirt and seed together and apply mixture by hand and top it off with starter fertiler . I now wasted all this time and have to start over . Total garbage .
 I 'm usually a big fan of Scott 's lawn products . I 've used the Turf Builder products and Scott 's grass seed for years with great results.Last fall there was a nasty grub infestation on my front lawn and the skunks and raccoons destroyed big patches of the lawn while digging up the grubs . I did n't have a chance to replant in the fall , so I tried PatchMaster about a month ago on the bare spots in the lawn . I followed all the instructions regarding ground preparation , application and watering , as I do with all Scott 's products ... but nothing happened . Nothing . Not a single blade of grass sprouted in any of the re-seeded spots.However ... the growing conditions might not have been ideal for re-seeding this year . We have had a horribly rainy and cold spring here in Chicago , and I also noticed the birds were having a feast on the seed as well after I applied the product . I 'm willing to bet those two factors affected the results .
 Too bad I have to give this one star because that is too much . Maybe the one star is the fact that the patch stuff is green and looks better in the lawn than a bare spot . I 'm better off letting the grass around my bare spots grow long and do a comb over . I would have gotten more use out of this product as kitty litter in the cat box !
 Bought this product from local Lowe 's store . Followed the instructions and have not seen any blade of grass aftera month .
 14 straight days of watering twice a day and not a single blade of grass . Do n't waste your money
 I ordered based on the photo that accompanies this product . The photo is of the actual flag of British Columbia . But the flag I received did not have the alternating wavy and straight rays emanating from the disk of the sun , to name but the most obvious defect . The outline of the solar disk was also incomplete . That means the flag that is shipped is NOT a regulation BC flag . What a disappointment . The vendor did , however , fully refund the purchase .
 If you are looking to replace a `` real '' Gary Schrodt floral decal feeder , do NOT buy this one . It will break your heart -- a cheap knock-off of the elegant product that once was and , alas , is no more . I still have my old one for comparison , so this is not just nostalgia talking . The decal lacks the metallic gold highlights and subtle coloration , but it is the wooden top and base that are really disgusting -- instead of artisan-quality woodworking , in redwood -LRB- mill ends ! -RRB- , this ugly thing is big and block-y with a hideous orange-red stain on some cheap , big-grained hunk of whatever . The metal base piece is smaller , and not the same lovely little shape as before . It 's like replacing a Dolce & Gabbana blouse with something from Wal-Mart . Broke my heart.Hummingbirds do like the design , however . So it gets one extra star .
 Disappointed in the quality - does not match description . The bottle is a soda bottle turned upside down.The wood and metal are cheap looking .
 No idea why the hummingbirds are n't coming anywhere near this thing . To me , it looks great , and it seems very sturdy and I basically love it ... but who knows what hummingbirds are attracted to in a feeder ?
 These headlights were represented as 4 in . by 6 in.I needed them to fit into a very specific opening , which they obviously did not ! The actual physical dimensions were 7 in . by 5 in.The package was even labeled as 4 in . by 6 in.Not even close to fitting into the required opening.They went back the very next day.My experience with Amazon was great.They sent a return shipping label the very next morning .
 i am sad to say , the hummingbirds are not interested in this feeder at all . they prefer a different tone of red , this is too dusky toned for them . it is hard for them to reach the nectar hole as well .
 I ordered this purchase as a * new * item and when i received it it looked scratched and used . I had planned on giving it as a gift but given the condition of the set I was very disappointed as I could not give it to anyone -LRB- other than my college age brother -RRB- !!!
 We bought this attachment for our lawn tractor . After the 3 hour installation complete with missing bolts , we attempted to plow our driveway in the first major snow storm of the year . Well , just like the review above ... we should have bought a snow blower ! The tractor is just not powerful enough to push all the snow . The tires , even with the wheel weights and snow chains kept on slipping & sliding . We ended up having a brick wall of packed snow at the end of our driveway , that we had to shovel anyway . We will be returning this and sticking to lawn mowing with our tractor ! Dissapointing !!
 I bought this snowplow because I had one like it many years back . That old one pushed a lot of snow ! I sold my old tractor and blade . I decided to get another one for my newer garden tractor . I read the reviews and noticed a few people said that their plows arrived short some parts . I bet against the odds and figured it would n't happen to me . Yep ! Sure enough , mine was short parts , too ! The parts bag was intact with no tears or openings . I was missing the blade return spring , a handle bolt & hitch pin , and a number of other hitch pins . I had to go to the hardware store and pick the parts up there . Right now , I have purchased about $ 15.00 worth of necessary parts ! How hard can it be to count out a small list of parts correctly ?
 I was very disappointed in this item . After looking at my local Lowe 's for this item -LRB- they did n't have it though they would gladly order me one for over $ 500 !!! -RRB- No thanks , I could get a two-stage snowblower for that . Anyway , my dozer blade arrived via Fedex 3 weeks after I ordered it . The day it arrived , we received 8 inches of snow . I was anxious to install and get busy clearing the driveway . The box arrived in decent shape . I opened the box and did a quick inventory of the parts before getting to work . I was very disappointed to find that most of the hardware was missing . I had to drive back to Lowe 's in the snow and spend about $ 11 buying hardware so I could install the blade . Then , I found out that the seller packed two right-side frame brackets . I needed a left-side bracket and a right-side bracket . I figured out a workaround . Later , I found another poor design issue that I could n't overcome with a workaround . I will be calling the manufacturer 's customer support line tomorrow because I was unable to use the blade tonight on my driveway . In hindsight , I should have bought a snow blower .
 the hose kinks all the time not as good as the craftsman rubber hose said it was com . grade i would say not
 I purchased this item for my father who has a bad back . We were expremely pleased with this item until the second summer we attempted to use it . Two weeks after the warranty expired -LRB- 1 year warranty -RRB- the heater/filter/pump stopped working . The manufacture was not willing to work with us about a discounted replacement etc. . The spa , when working , is fantastic . the jets are strong , the heater worked well . The cover was safe -LRB- keeping children out -RRB- . Other than the jets no longer working , the only other issue is the sand , debris that collects at the bottom . I would have serious concerns about buying this product due to the short life of the heater/filter/pump .
 The product leaks until there is very little left in it causing my balcony to be very sticky . I used a cheaper feeder before and had Humming Birds all day , with this one they just stopped coming . Yellow and red attracts the birds so this is pretty useless in blue . Would have returned if the postage and restocking cost had not been so high .
 I got this item to clear up my backyard pond that is about 600 gallon in size . It basically does nothing at all with the algea growing even greener in the pond !!!
 Deer Off deer , rabbit and squirrel repellent may actually repel deer if you can get the repellent on the plants . I carefully followed the dilution instructions , poured the mixture into a sprayer , and started to use it . Within a few minutes the sprayer was clogged . I ended up putting the mixture into a sprinkling can and sprinkling it on the plants -- a very inefficient way to use it . I tried to clean the sprayer and finally had to throw it away . It was a sprayer I had used successfully with other sprays . I would not buy this product again .
 Sprayed several days in a row but it did not keep my irrigation feeder lines from being chewed through . I replaced the feeder lines four times and sprayed each time and the `` varmints '' would not stop . I finally raised the main and feeder lines about three feet in the air with stakes and bars and so far it seems like they got the message and went away , hopefully . At any rate , the spray did not do me any good . Sorry .
 The deer in our neighborhood like to eat the new growth on our rose bushes in the spring . I was hopeful this might slow them down and allow the growth to mature a bit . Instead they seemed to thick it added flavor ! They ate our rose bushes down to the nub with this liberally applied as directed . Apparently our neighborhood deer did n't read the label !
 It did last three years , but for the past few years I would often need to ` help ' it to get it working.This fountain is in a location not seen very often and I 'm sure that running out of water contributed to the problems.It finally quit for good and have now replaced it with the Beckett M130 -LRB- with auto shut-off -RRB- from Amazon . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The pump arrived with a broken flow control cover . The supplier sent a replacement , but it is already broken again . Also , the water inlet is too small and is easily clogged , requiring almost daily cleaning . I do not recommend this pump if you are using it in an outdoor setting .
 I did read the other reviews before I bought this thing and did not listen to them . It started leaking water out of the bottom of the pump and drained most of my water out of the pool . I bought it 06/14/2009 and today is 8/02/09 so you get the point . I do n't know what else you could buy for these pools as far as pumps go . I would search high and low for another brand before I bought this one . Now I have to get on the phone with intex to see if they will honor the warranty.Good Luck everyone
 Same story , different person . I loved the filter at first , but after only 3 months of normal usage , the impeller blades literally FELL OFF . Poor design , poor quality , and poor customer service from Intex . They refuse to replace as my warranty expired 16 days ago , BUT the rep acknowledged the part was faulty . They need to recall this product .
 Pump came with my 18 ' pool purchased June 2008 . It only lasted 4 months of use . It was very noisy , but pulled water fairly well . Not really strong enough for the size pool . The first 3 months of the season of use , it worked well . The second season it only worked 1 month before it died . I would suggest purchasing a lot strong pump for the bigger pools . This size is just not strong enough nor durable enough for 18 ' pool .
 Low marks only because this is not a toy , so the questions do not pertain . Pump is great , super price , fast shipping and came with a lot of extras that I did n't expect . Would buy another one today if needed .
 I totally agree . It seems this model has alot of problems with the impellar design . I purchased a brand new 18 ` X9 ` x52 '' Ultra frame pool -LRB- just out this year -RRB- and this `` rock tumbler '' sounding pump is what I got . I even have the salt water system to go with it from last year . The cheap pump that came with the 12 ` x30 '' was alot quiter than this . Google the model 635 pump and look at all the the complaints on it . For those of you who said it works great , count yourself as one of the few lucky ones .
 This pump came with our intex pool from costco . A great value for a pool , but this pump only lasted one 3 month season before the infamous impeller blades did what they all seem to do and ate themselves to death . Spend the extra $ 20 and buy the 2500 gallon pump instead , this is a complete waste of money .
 This filter pump leaves much to be desired . We replaced a smaller pump wtih this one , based on `` rave '' reviews and now have a pump that just does n't clean the pool . Do n't know if it is a lousy pool or lousy vender .
 Purchased a small Intex pool last summer and the 1,000 gallon pump went out 2-days after purchase . We purchased the next larger size pump this summer -LRB- the smaller pump had horrible reviews -RRB- . This pump has different attachments than then 1,000 gallon pump ... with a little caulking we managed to make the pieces fit he pool with a water-tight seal . The pump does not clean the pool water well at all ... but at least it is still working 2 weeks later .
 I purchased an Intex pool in May and by June 4 , the pump ran but stopped circulating water . Thinking it was clogged , I disassembled the pump -LRB- not much to it really -RRB- and discovered a broken impeller within the pump motor housing . The impeller mechanism consists of a steel rod on which are attached a magnet and a disc that consists of the impeller vane or blades . In my case , the blades had disintegrated into a mass of plastic crumbs at the bottom of the motor housing . Without exaggerating , the blades are as thin and delicate as egg shells - in fact , that 's what they looked like . I called Intex and they told me they would replace the entire pump , fair enough , but they said they would not simply provide me a new impeller -LRB- less than $ 5 I would imagine -RRB- or new motor -LRB- probably less than $ 15 -RRB- . Given the number of people here who complained about the design/quality of Intex pumps , I think it reasonable to suggest that , after the warranty has expired , one will have to purchase a new pump . I purchased my pool on sale -LRB- left over from 2009 -RRB- for $ 200 ; I am now faced with an additional annual charge of $ 70 for a pump.The overall price/quality of the pool is a plus ; to have to replace the pump frequently annihilates the benefits . Therefore , I would suggest that if one is inclined to purchase an Intex above-ground pool and is able to do so at a year-end sale - buy it - mindful , however , that a new , better quality pump -LRB- $ 100-150 -RRB- will be necessary , sooner than later . In the end , the amount of any year-end discount plus the cost of a new pump will determine if an Intex purchase is worthwhile . Under these circumstances , to me , it would be silly to buy an Intex above-ground pool at the MSRP .
 I recieved this pump in conjunction with the 18 x 48 ' pool I bought last March from Walmart . I got a good deal on the pool because it was in a damaged box and thought it would be a great start to the world of pools . The pool itself is wonderful , but his filter is HORRIBLE !! Teh first pump was broken right out of the box . Turned it on and it sounded like a garbage disposal . Called intex . They sent out a new one for free under the warentee ! Yaaa . The second pump lasted about 3 months running 5 hours a night in conjunction with the Intex salt water filter . This filter does not move the water around very much and even placing my hand over the intake , I could barely feel the water moving . Due to rain one week we did not go out to the pool for several days . Little did I know , the pump had gone out . My pool was nasty green with algee . Called Intex again . They said that since I already had one new one sent out to me , I would have to return the second broken pump to them before they would replace it . This took 3 weeks to send them my broken one , them to process it , and for the new one to be returned . After that , same thing . It took almost $ 100 in pool chemicals and over two weeks of ccleaning to get my pool clean enough to swim in . This pump last another 2 months , its now August and I have now gone through three Pumps . I give up , call Intex and again send mine back to get an exchange . After recieving it , I test it , put in pool chemicals and shut it down for the winter . Its now Spring , go to start gettting the pool ready for summer and guess what ... THE PUMP DOES N'T WORK ! I am now going to look at a new pump from a different company . I am not going to try to exchange this pump again just for another crappy pump .
 I have sent back two pumps and now I 'm on my third it seems to keep working for 3 weeks of last summer till I took the pool down for the year . I hope that the pump works when I set it up for this summer . I will say one thing they did replace the pumps within a reasonable turnaround . But for the quality of the pump , it is not very good . The bearings on the impeller and the way it is designed is really bad and allows the impeller to flop around inside and eventually stop turning because of the rubbing on the side of intake part of the pump . This is what failed on both of the pumps I returned . Good Luck .
 Crap . The impeller broke in three months of less-than-normal use and they would not replace it . My choice was buy another pump - take it or leave it .
 This pump came with our 18 ' x 48 '' round Intex Easy Set pool . Although it 's quite easy to install , clean and a snap to clean/change the filter ... I would have to give it a poor rating in the strength department . Simply put ... 1500 gallons per hour is not enough circulation for a pool with close to 6000 gallons of water . The 2500 GPH pump should have been standard with this size pool . Intex should have made the 1500/2500 GPH cutoff on the next size down ... 16 ' , I think.Also ... the cartridge -LRB- Type A -RRB- does not filter out fine silt -LRB- from trees , for example -RRB- . We had some cloudiness and had to add a clarifier . By the next day ... all the impurities dropped to the bottom of the pool . During the process of vaccuming the bottom ... we noticed the silt coming right back into the pool through the return from the filter . After many calls to the pool guy ... and scratching my head ... the only way around this is was to disconnect the return hose from the pool and lay it on the ground while vaccuming . You will only lose a few inches of water -LRB- if you are quick -RRB- ... but it gets rid of the fine silt that passes through the cartridge.All in all ... I 'd like to switch out the pump for the 2500 GPH . The only reason I 'm not is that this pump gets you by ... but not with as much `` umpf '' as I 'd like . I hate to spend $ 75 to $ 100 to replace a pump that has no flaws other than it 's maxed out for a pool of this size ... plus the fact that the entire pool set was under $ 200 to begin with !!
 Almost lasted one season before the impeller quit . The pump started making a loud noise after 4 months of lite to moderate use . After that the impeller failed completely ... Intex would not replace without a sales receipt although I tried to provide proof of purchase through credit card statement . Ive bought 3 pools over the last many years and have really enjoyed them , this is the first time the pump gave out before the pool ... this pump is of a very poor design . If you purchase make sure you keep a receipt as you will most likely have to replace it within one season .
 only lasted 3 days but compay replaced it with a little hassle . works fine now .
 I 've been asked to rate this as a ` toy ' , however , it is a pool pump . The pump is working great . The delivery was quite slow . I ordered the pump on June 24 or 25 and did n't receive it until July 7 . Very slow delivery considering everything else I 've ever ordered that is sent via UPS is delivered in 2-3 business days .
 We got an Intex 18 ' x 48 '' Easy-Set Above-Ground Pool . The pool is great , especially if you combine it with an Intex Krystal Clear Saltwater Water Sanitizing System.The pump however has plastic blades that break very fast ... not to mention that the water and dirt pass through the pump before going to the filter for some reason.This Pump is awful . Expect to replace it once a year .
 This pump is now the fourth one in less than a year . The first one went bad after a month or so . They sent me a new one at no cost . That one lasted about a month and I had to pay $ 18.00 shipping to get another . The third one I ran maybe an hour a day and that lasted about three months . To bad they said , ship it back at another $ 18.00 So I decided to upgrade to this pump . As soon as it was online it sounded terrible . I am nursing it along only running it for the minimum of two hours per day . I figure it will also quit soon , again , due to the impeller . They wont sell just the impeller . It 's always a differrent reason , depends on which rep. you talk too . Do n't believe anything they say , it 's all B.S.Good luck with you 're experience ! Gary Tyler @ -LSB- ... -RSB- or gttyler@cfl.rr.com
 I wasted the money I spent on this filter , it clearly stated it was for Quick Set pools , not so . The hardware that must be hung on the side of the pool is way too heavy for a Quick Set and ca n't be used . Beware !! We had to leave off the filters that are to be mounted on the side of the pool and buy all kinds of adapters , because the hose is much bigger around than the previous hoses that came with the pool . Not to be use with Quick Set pools !
 OK , so upset!I bought this thinking it was for smaller pools when it clearly states on the box for 18 ' and over sized pool . So it will not work . It looks like a very nice pump though , sturdy.Have to find a way to send it back , what a pain !
 We purchased the 12x30 Intex pool at one of our local stores . But the pump that came with it was not doing the job . I shopped around and after reading the reviews for this pump I thought great this was it . Well after paying for standard shipping it took over a week for the pump to arrive . When I open the box I realized the connection would never fit my pool connection it was way to big . So the outside of the box states it 's for 18 foot pools or bigger . Well no where I repeat no where on the product features did it say what size pool it was for . When I attempted to contact the seller via email and phone , it tooked them a week to get back to me . When I return the sellers phone call he was rude , unprofessional and yelling at me . I repeatly asked him to please stop yelling and with the same tone said he was n't yelling . I wanted to be compensated for my shipping cost because they did not feature the correct product size on their sellers page . He said undereath where it displays what other items people bought with this item list an adpater to have it fit with smaller pools . UH ! Do you think you may have added that to the product description . Either way he was rude , and disrespectful and I will never buy anything from this seller again . EVER !!
 This it the fourth one of these pumps that I have owned and the life of the pump is short . They all become hard to turn on and eventually wo n't turn on at all . The pump pin shaft breaks , but the only option is to buy a larger pump at a larger cost and I am not sure of the durability of the larger pump .
 I purchased this pump one month ago . It worked great for 3 weeks and now within the last week it is only working on and off and when it does it is making a horrible sound . Note
 this pump came with my Intex inflatable ring pool -LRB- 18x48 -RRB- I bought in 2007 . The pump action is plenty strong for taking care of business with a pool this size . However , the impeller design leaves much to be desired . The impeller is attached to a plastic covered magnet which spins to create the pump action . After a year -LRB- about 4 months of use where I live -RRB- the plastic cover over the magnet broke and the magnet is beginning to rust out . It still works at an impaired level , and it makes a lot of noise . I bought this on June 23 , 2007 . I called Intex on July 7 2008 - 2 weeks out of warranty , and the Intex rep said `` there is nothing we can do for you . '' I asked about a replacement impeller , he said they dont sell just the impeller -LRB- which is rediculous , as they break all the time -RRB- . I asked if they could cover me under the warranty as it 's only been a couple weeks outside of the year . He said `` we ca n't do that . '' So now I 'm stuck having to shell out for a new pump once the rest of the plastic dislodges from the impeller . Save your money . Intex pools are great , but buy a different brand name pump to service the pool if you can . These pumps are not built to last . As for Intex customer support , their policy is 1 year and I ca n't argue with them , though not working with a customer when their product is only 2 weeks out of warranty is pretty pathetic .
 I bought the pool in 2007 and the original pump impeller blades sheared off just out of warranty . I ordered a new Intex Model 635 3 weeks ago and the blades on the impeller have sheared off completely !! I 'm very frustrated with this pool and filter system . Seriously wondering why I 've invited this headache into my life . Very poor design , very poor performance . I 'm hoping the replacement will have a better impeller design but I highly doubt it . Lost all faith in this company.Krystal Klear Wet Set 1500 Gallon Intex Pool Filter Pump
 A few years back Intex sold the model # 633 or the 2500gph filter pump with their 18 and 24 ' round easy set pools . The price was about $ 300 on clearance -LRB- end of season -RRB- . Then in 2006 Intex lowered price of their pools but put the smaller pump in the box that takes a size A filter . The A filter pump is useless to clean the bottom of the pool or work the fountain that is really great-that also used to come with the 18 ' easy set pool . I do not throw these filters in the trash as often as they recommend . I spray out with the garden hose about every other day if we are using a lot and keep a spare to put in while I 'm cleaning out other one . I buy one new filter each summer and throw the oldest one in the trash . I soak the filter in a soapy 5 gallon bucket if it is really bad or full of suntan oil . A nerf spongy ball floating in your skimmer will catch that extra skin oil or sun tan oil too and make your pool much cleaner ! Hope this makes your pool more enjoyable . Great pool if you upgrade the pump !!
 I bought the 18 ' pool Mar 07 . I am on my third pump -LRB- under warranty -RRB- as the impellers kept breaking the blades -LRB- likely because of the poor filter design -RRB- . No way to just replace the impeller so now my THIRD pump impeller blades went . On some sites you can see that for 2008 they have a new impeller design -LRB- probably cost too much replacing warranty broken impellers -RRB- . I am upgrading to 2500 or 4000 gph pump . Still researching but want to HIGHLY discourage buying any of the 635 pumps , definitely if they are not the `` new '' impeller design for 2008 and even then Im not going to buy one !
 Let 's see , a hidden pump part breaks with no way to fix it . I stupidly bought another one from Amazon . Paid 2 day shipping of almost $ 30 . Note still on Amazon page , `` hurry only three left in stock '' . Well , having them in stock , and paying 2 day shipping , Amazon says I should receive the pump between July 29th to Aug 5th . I ordered the pump June 28th . I guess Intex , Amazon and I make up the three stooges .
 One more happy Intex customer . Not really ! Do n't buy Intex products ! Intex sucks!I bought the Intex set at Costco last year . We are 5 days past our year of warranty so guess whos out of luck . I could probably take this back to Costco and they would give me my money back but it means taking down a pool that is already up and running -LRB- the kids love it -RRB- . That sounds like alot of extra work.I just called the warranty support line . I had to call twice to finally get a supervisor to call me back . There is a twist to this story . The supervisor said that the Intex impeller has an industrial strength magnet that is dangerous and that is why they will not sell me a new one.He said that only factory trained technicians -LRB- probably 5 year old kids in some developing country that they are paying 10 cents a day -RRB- are capable of putting these impellers into the pump properly . He said that they were dangerous magnets because they could wreck a number of electronic devices and that they were dangerous to the person installing them -LRB- what a pile of ... -RRB- . After I explained how frusterated I was that they sold me a faulty product in the first place he then added that installing the impeller improperly may cause electric shock to the people in the pool -LRB- unlikely story -RRB- . So , my final thoughts are that Intex wants you to buy a new pump for $ 200 Canadian -LRB- good for thier pocket books -RRB- and doesnt give a rip about how many pumps will end up in the landfill because of shoddy workmanship and thier lack of support to provide parts for thier products.I think this is probably the first I heard of the safety issue so I thought I would add to the conversation .
 I have gone through two Intex pool pumps . On both , the impeller totally fell apart . Both impellers only lasted a couple of months . Unfortunately , you can not replace this part so you are at the mercy of buying another complete pump . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRPDUCT ! If you do your homework , you will see that there are literally hundreds of customers with the same complaint .
 This product is underpowered and noisy . It also burns out very easily . It 's only redeeming quality is that it can be adapted to most pools .
 Put these things out with close attention to following the instructions and after six days , more mice droppings and no captured mice . Worse off , they seemed to attract the mice -LRB- due to the peanut butter bait we used -RRB- but the mice simply chewed through the top to eat the bait last night . This morning , all the bait was gone , the tops were all chewed through , and we had more mice droppings than ever before . We 're going to the store to buy traditional mouse traps .
 Do I need to say more ? Maybe I can . I then saw the mouse climb on top of this trap . Do n't waste your time or money by buying these .
 I put one out with peanut butter & another out with cheese . Got nothing for a week . Tried d-CON 's Ultra Set Covered Mouse Trap instead & had 3 dead mice in 2 nights . Great concept , but horrible results .
 Since we built our house in the middle of a field , it makes sense that mice would try to make themselves at home here . These traps did nothing to fix our mice problem.I followed directions but never saw any evidence the mice were at all interested in these , although occasionally other traps would catch them . What worked best was the triangular shaped mouse poison boxes , but I 'm not a fan of using those.Next time we have a mouse problem , I plan to try either the Mice Cube or a similar hinged-door type trap . I wo n't try these again , though . For us , they were a total waste of money . Maybe the picture of the dead mouse on the trap scared the mice away ?
 I bought this product after seeing one mouse in my kitchen . I placed three of them around my house . After one month I had to throw them all away as the mouse had figured out how to get the bait out of them and remain alive . I purchased the Scott Ortho traps with the same no view feature and within 24 hours caught the little pest . I put one out with cheese and one with peanut butter and the PB was the bait that worked .
 I bought two of the no-view , no-touch , at the same time I bought two `` regular '' mouse traps . One of the no-view , no-touch traps was loaded , set and deployed ; it is still untouched . I need more regular mouse traps to replace the two that were set and tripped resulting in one dead mouse , and one dead rat .
 I bought 20 of these . Yeah , they do not work , anyway for me . Did n't catch any mice at all . Had to use other styles - snap traps sat right near them and then I caught the mice . Left these sit right in their path for 5 days , nothing . Wish they would have worked so I did n't have to see the dead mice . Oh well , lesson learned .
 I bought these for the obvious reason . I had a towel hanging over a hamper and a mouse climbed up and was trapped in the hamper . Luckily the hamper was clean so I just put the trap down in so it would get caught . I watched the mouse go in and out eating the peanut butter . I finally got a broom and hit it hard enough to spring the trap and kill the mouse . So , I have the other one set . Let 's see how it goes . Waste of money .
 I was forced to buy these as the other kind I was looking for that were working were out of stock , got these in the meantime . The mice do n't seem to be able to find the entrance , and it seems they tried ! as the stickers on the outside were all chewed up like they were trying to get at the peanut butter inside ! to small and twisted of an entrance it seems , I had used the Ortho ones that were white and narrow but had a good size opening and all they had to do was walk straight in , 2 in 2 days , these ? nadda .
 I bought two of these and put them both in areas I knew the mice frequented . At first I used peanut butter like the directions mentioned . Then , after about a week of not catching anything , I decided to change it to dried fruit -LRB- the mice had gotten into a bag of dried apples just a few days before -RRB- . A couple days later , I checked one of the traps to see if maybe it had gone off , but I could n't see if it was still set , so I picked it up . I heard something rattle around inside and tilted and a mouse dropping fell out . The trap had n't even gone off . I would n't recommend this trap at all .
 I found a mouse problem in my house a few days ago and having a dog and a one year old in the house I wanted to find a safe alternative to wooden traps or poison . These seemed like a great idea at the store . I was wrong ! I set these up a couple days ago with no results . Tonight I literally watched a mouse climb on top of the trap and sit there acting like it was n't even interested in what is inside and like it was his little stool to stand on and mock me . I 'm a little bummed out they did n't work and now I have to go find a new alternative .
 I bought two , put them along the wall where I 'd seen the mouse go . I put in peanut butter and smushed it through the holes . It did n't work , so I moved them a little bit . Then I saw the mouse literally run right past one of them not even interested 2 times in a night -LRB- of course then it disappears so I ca n't get it -RRB- but then I even put a cheerio in them . These have n't caught anything yet so I had to get over my fear and get one of those victor snapping traps that are cheap and I hope they work
 Do n't get these , they are a complete waste of money.These traps sat empty for a week . I was not convinced that the mouse I caught a glimpse of had just vanished so we got some of the traditional traps.Within 2 hours we had 2 dead mice . I am beyond grossed out , but at least they are dead and not roaming around - no thanks to the No View , No Touch traps .
 I was excited when I found the D-Con No view , No Touch Mouse Trap because I live alone and there 's no way that I could handle a traditional trap . I 'd probably pass out at the sight of a dead mouse . So I bought a dozen of these wonderful traps and set them out , baited , as instructed , with peanut butter , some with cheese . As of this day , I have not caught a single mouse . Somebody screwed up with this one and it was probably me for buying it in the first place . Remember , if it seems too good to be true , it probably is .
 If you are thinking about buying the newer traps by D-Con -- DO N'T ! When used precisely as directed , the rats outsmart the traps by turning the lightweight plastic trap over and chewing through the paper label where the food is stored in the food compartment of the trap . It was not a smart design . `` No View , No Touch '' is about as good as it gets . One would think turning the mouse trap clockwise as directed would place a hard surface under the food department to prevent rats by-passing the mouse 's entrance . Save your money and use a bait or hire a professional . Either way , it is better than simply walking into a retailer and forking over almost $ 6 for a poorly designed invention that does n't work .
 With little tykes and a dog running around the house , I wanted an alternative to traditional snap-traps or poison baits to deal with a very bold , increasingly fat , and -LRB- apparently -RRB- cunning mouse . No humane traps were available at the local hardware store , so I went with a two-pack of these d-CON pucks . I baited them with peanut butter per the instructions , set them where I 'd seen the mouse scurrying , and went to bed gloating over my anticipated success.Next morning , no mouse . And the morning after that , and then several more mornings , too . Off I went to the hardware store the next weekend , and got several more d-CON pucks . This time I offered Mr. Crafty Mouse a variety of treats -- sunflower seeds , dog kibble , and pretzel bits . Well , it 's two weeks later , and I 've gotten closer to catching the mouse just waiting to pounce on it with a metal bowl than I have leaving these traps all about the house.Maybe the problem is n't the traps . Maybe I 'm sharing my house with one of those `` Secret of NIMH '' genius mice . That would be interesting , and would make killing him/her/it -LRB- let 's go with `` him '' -RRB- a real shame . Honestly , I would be cool with the mouse if he were riding around on a tiny motorcycle with an adorable tiny helmet like in those Beverly Cleary stories , but he is n't so he 's got to go.If you 're reading this , Genius Mouse , be forewarned
 This product does n't work . Few days ago I found a mouse in my kitchen so I set up few traps and to my suprise the mouse chew trough the TOP ! the top ! Chew the whole thing apart , but did not enter into the trap . Eventually I cought the mouse , but with a different trap . Do n't buy it !!
 Bought two of these , got two mice in two days using peanut butter - BUT it did n't kill the second one , which we heard trying to chew it 's way out . This hardly seems humane .
 I would not buy this fence again , it is VERY flimsy , has no strength at all . So thin and flimsy it tears at the slightest touch . The pic does show it pretty accurately , but who would expect a product advertised as snow fence to be so weak ?
 I purchased two of these rubber hoses for the simple reason that it had `` commercial '' as a part of the product description . Unfortunately these hoses did not last long under heavy foot / vehicle traffic . The hose ruptured rather easily . It 's rubber all the way through . This is a good hose if you are needing something to sit around the house and water your petunias . If you need it to wash your car where it might get run over , move over to soemthing a little more rugged .
 I bought it because I needed a strong commercial-grade hose that could handle the pressure of a being attached to an irrigation well , and the water left on and feeding into a high-quality nozzle . I had this hose for only a few weeks , and it developed a bubble/blister near the female end , luckily we caught it before it ruptured . Switched a a 10-ply hose from a local commercial pressure-washer dealer . This hose was definitely not worth what we paid .
 This was not the hose I was hoping for . This hose is a soft rubber and kinks badly .
 The Sunblaze t5 light carries a 5 year warranty and in 8 months when it breaks , the warranty is only a repair , NOT a replacement . So if you like being in the dark for 3 weeks I suggest you continue to buy this crap . You would think that if their product did n't even make it 8 months that they would just replace it hassle free , which is not the case . I believe there are other brands that are superior to this and they will actually take care of your issues unlike sunblaze . I would not recommend buying their products .
 This sprayer came partially disassembled , and had no instructions . The spray pattern it produces is uneven and unreliable . It kind of spits at what you are spraying , and it leaks like crazy . As for the claim of not having to pump it , if you get everything just right it might spray for about 5 minutes off of the pressure it gets from filling it . After that it 's back to pumping . Most of the time a fitting is loose or something else happens to let the pressure leak out before it does you any good . Save yourself the extra bucks and get a regular pump sprayer . Or spend the bucks you have to pay to get a professional electric powered sprayer . This one is not worth the extra money .
 this product was receive with three week delay.after install the ATS , we put it to work . the first thing i notice , it burn the three UPS for my server . The product manual from their website said computer friendly , but it is not . My installer test the output , and the frequency is jumping from 50 to 70 hz , voltage drop to 100 to 130 . Call B&S ; , they said this is how it is . after complain and complain , they keep saying it was not install properly . what a real BS company !
 Received the Taylor 49562 outdoor thermometer the other day and compared it to a known good outdoor thermometer and the Taylor is 4 degrees off -LRB- hot -RRB- . It 's not very well made either . I 'm thinking about sending it back .
 While this mounted easily , the temperature readings were at least 10 degrees too high when compared to a digital thermometer nearby.Tried making adjustments -LRB- there is no back to it , so the temperature coil is right there -RRB- but there was n't any sort of adjustment screw or any way to set the thing like you might a scale.Very disappointing .
 Bought this to hang on tree close to house . Very disappointed in quality of product . Cheap materials to hang it by -LRB- Probably wo n't last through Chicago winter -RRB- . No covering for workings of thermometer , so spiders and ants get in . Disappointed in quality of a Taylor product . On the plus side - is large and easy to read .
 Bought this Item a year ago , ran good through most of winter off grid then started to not start in cold , then had to be warmer and warmer to start , then at 70F would not start till sprayed with starting fluid . Looked for a service center to service it and find problem called 800 number with a list of locations took it to Kingman , Az they said they do n't do propane and could not provide me a place to recommend just caLL NUMBER AGAIN !!! No real person to talk to Got fed up and tore into it replaced head gasket and all gaskets on out and had to adjust the valves now running again except for needing selenoid and now a starter , So word to the Wise , YOU ARE ON YOUR OWN IF YOU BUY IT !!! SO BUYER BEWARE !!!!
 When I recieved this it had about a 5 '' hole in the middle of both filters . Contacted them and am still waiting for them to call me back after about a week . Will never buy again
 Very good past experience with Gilmour , a impulse sprinkler I 've been using for years and great customer service including sending replacement parts for something I fully admitted to `` weedeating . `` Upon dropping and breaking my previous Gilmour I decided to get another and picked out this more accessorized version over the simpler , all-metal one . The plastic hose connector collar split , blowing the hose off the sprinkler before I could even get it to the grass . I was even using the quick connector that came with the sprinkler . Took this back and p/u the all-metal which is presently watering my yard.Quite concerned that this may be a move toward `` price-point '' products for Gilmour which would be a sad , sad development .
 Maybe if this sprinkler had a spike so you could keep it in the same place it would be useful.It took forever to get it set close to what I wanted -LRB- I have a huge and strangely-shaped oak in the middle of my yard , so I ca n't place the sprinkler there -RRB- and the second you move it , you really have to reset it all over again . The adjustments were n't fine enough for me either.And it 's not obvious how to adjust it . You raise and lower the red track , and the track * behind * the nozzle determines how far the water shoots in the opposite direction . The higher the track - the shorter the stream . Really * not * intuitive .
 I had high hopes for this sprinkler based on the reviews here , and it seemed great at first . The sprinkler is well designed , and the adjustable pattern really works well to fit any shaped yard . Unfortunately , the sprinkler has a serious flaw . Grass that is close to the sprinkler gets a much heavier amount of water than the grass on the perimeter . Using this sprinkler for several weeks in the hot summer left me with a circle of lush green lawn surrounded by brown and burned grass . I would n't recommend this sprinkler .
 This sprinkler does all that it states it is supposed to do . I enjoyed the fact that I could set the sprinkler to water the areas that I want and it did n't matter how the area was shaped . This sprinkler is made of a cheap plastic and it broke on the 5th use . So I 'm out the money and the item does not work .
 After the gradener breaking the first three of these sprinklers over the past two years. , this one quit working all on it own about a week after receiving it . The sprinkler head will not rotate when the water is turned on , when its off it turns freely , but as soon as the water is turned on it quits rotating . I think I find a less expensive more durable sprinkler to replace this last one .
 I would have paid over twice what it cost me to get a good , solid product instead of this piece of junk . This sprinkler broke after a week of use . The rotation stopped working - it would simply stick in one position and not kick back the other direction . I saw on the box that it had a lifetime guarantee , so I tried to contact the company and they simply ignored my requests . American made , American service , American junk .
 After first setting up this Gilmour sprinkler , I thought I 'd found the ultimate poor man 's answer to a custom yard irrigation system . It appeared to work great , distributed water only where necessary , and had long `` range '' . Two months later -- in the summer heat stretch -- I realized that this sprinkler has a gaping `` hole '' about 2/3 of the way toward the water 's endpoint . This area of grass was burning in the sun due to insufficient water . To verify this , I setup four identical low-rimmed cat food dishes in a straight line at five foot intervals from the sprinkler . After running it for thirty minutes , I measured the amount of water in each dish.Dish 1 -LRB- 5 feet out -RRB- -- 1/2inchDish 2 -LRB- 10 feet out -RRB- -- 3/8inchDish 3 -LRB- 15 feet out -RRB- -- 1/8inch * Dish 4 -LRB- 20 feet out -RRB- -- 1/2 inch * The area of unsightly `` burned '' grass was around Dish 3 . Because of this distribution issue , I can not recommend this otherwise brilliant sprinkler . I ended up replacing it with a Dramm oscillating sprinkler and it completely solved the problem.I also do not recommend owning four cats .
 I bought this to try to get my whole yard water , but I am not impressed with it . The 6 dollar sprinkler is what I just use now . Do n't waste your money with this .
 I had one of these Pattern Master Impulse units a few years ago and loved it . Bought a new one in March and it works great . Great concept for optimizing water use . Bought two more and they both were defective . The pulse was the same in both the clockwise and counter-clockwise rotations ... the short `` chatter '' pulse typical of the return rotation . Shortens the reach/throw and wastes water . I took them back to the retailer and exchanged for a third unit that performed the same way ... very badly ... except this one also sticks on a spot in the rotation or fails to rotate at all if the water pressure is above 30 psi .1 out of 4 worked properly ... not good.I contacted Gilmour by email and asked if there was a tension adjustment on the spring or some other remedy for this . Four days later got a reply that asked me to clarify the description of the problem -LRB- as clearly stated above -RRB- . Each subsequent email reply took two days minimum and they offered no solutions to the problem . My last contact from them was a terse ... `` there is no remedy for this '' . It has been 5 days and I have not received a response to my last question.Great idea poorly executed in an inferior product sold by an apparently unconcerned , unresponsive company . I am returning this last defective sprinkler and suggesting to the retailer that they not carry this or any other Gilmour product . I once was a fan ... but no longer . If you buy a Gilmour product , pray that it works and you do n't require assistance from the home office .
 Somebody please kick me if I ever buy another Gilmour pulsating type sprinkler . This sprinkler is relatively easy to set up , but it does not perform well for irrigular areas , contrary to what some have said . The worst thing about it , though , is that shortly after I stopped using it it stopped turning , rendering it useless.I have previously had four Gilmour Metal Zinc Sled Base Pulsating Head Sprinklers -LRB- Model
 I have bought several of these sprinklers and after a while they stopped turning round . I want to know what to do about this situation . -LSB- -LSB- Turbine Rotor Sprinkler With Metal Spike Base 200MMS -RSB- -RSB- Gilmour 999ZS Extra Large Coverage Sprinkler
 I bought this last week from a local retailer and I have to say that it looked good and did a very good job until the second use . I put it in the front yard and was watering the lawn with it set at about a 90 degree sweep and was working great for about an hour and then ... . it stopped returning back to do the sweep , it was stuck watering in one position . So I went out to see what happened , and took some time surveying the issue and found out that the trigger that makes it sweep back was not working . I flipped it back and forth and kept trying it and it would sweep to the right , flip the toggle switch and move to the left , and then stay in the last part of the sweep and would not sweep back to the right again . After playing with it for about 10 minutes with no luck on making work like it should , I returned it and got an all brass sprinkler . Oh ya ... . this thing is made of all cheap plastic , last time I buy another plastic sprinkler , which seems that this company is good for .
 We bought this sprinkler because we have an odd shaped yard and liked the feature of adjusting the range in any direction - great thought - but after using them for less than one season , they all started failing on us . As a lot of other people described , they stop rotating and freeze in one spot . Since we are using timers on our sprinklers , this leads to a very wet lawn and thus left us with a big mess . Bad product design . Do not waste your money .
 I 've been searching for a reliable sprinkler for years . As far as I 'm concerned , a sprinkler has to last 2-3 full seasons and it has to offer good distance and good left to right controls for those odd shaped parts of your lawn . That 's why I bought this sprinkler , and I 'm here to tell you it was a waste of money!I bought it a year and a half ago , and it work great , until 2 weeks ago . It just stopped rotating . I 'm good to my equipment , so it was n't because I 'm out there dropping or dragging my sprinkler . The darned thing just stopped working , so I took it back to the store and got it replaced , thanks to the `` lifetime gurantee '' . Lifetime , what a joke!I got a replacement , same make and model and took it home , and guess what , there very first time I used it , it stopped rotating !!!!!! This is not rocket science , I just hooked it up and set it down , and bingo , it stops rotating after just one left to right movement.If you see a Gilmour product , run !!! WASTE OF MONEY , TIME AND EFFORT !!!!
 This might be fantastically customizable , but since it lacks an accompanying manual or instructions , it 's just a big wet paperweight to me .
 Yet another sprinkler that breaks soon after opening the box . Avoid this one .
 I have not yet used this sprinkler . It comes without directions , I called the company , thinking , that 's not possible , but `` customer service '' said , `` Correct . No directions , just what 's written on the cardboard . '' And that 's useless . No directions online and the young woman at customer service seemed quite impatient with me . She said , `` Trial and error is the best way to do it . '' I swear she said that ! Well , we 'll see . How can I keep myself from getting soaked if I use her trial-and-error method ? This is no way to run a company or put out a product .
 The only positive concerning this tube is that it did show up promptly . I think it is made of rubber , but based on the quality , I 'm not entirely sure . The tube was installed correctly and blew out with less than 10PSI . The rubber on one side of the tube was paper thin , the bottom line ; this tube is worthless and I now must do what I should have done originally ; spend more and get quality .
 I buy a new bagger and the instructions say if you have Plate `` C '' on your mower , and of course I do , you have to purchase this adapter . Amazon refunded me for the adapter kit which was awesome , but the instructions do not tell you have to mount the adapter for the Plate `` C '' version . The adapter arrives from Mowtown and do they send an instruction sheet , NO ! I spent the last 2 frustrating hours trying to figure it out and all I have done is remove to bolts , one of which is now striped . Do they have the instruction manual online for Plate `` C '' , not that I have found . Will Mowtown hear from me on Monday Morning , Absolutley !
 Wrench was as represented . However , shipping charges were over the top ! The shipping costs for a three ounce package by first class mail were ... can you believe ... $ 7.99 !!! Be careful . This vendor is not selling a product ... it is selling shipping charges . Buyer beware !
 After only having this light for 2 mo 's it stopped working . I liked it before that .
 Agree with other reviewers -- steadily replacing these lamps have cost me lots over the years , completely burn out after 4 months on average . Will not accept replacement bulbs -- the whole piece is garbage after that time . Finally gave up and looking for superior product . Plants really come to life being lit from the base -- so hope to find a product that lasts !
 Had two of these burn out . The first lasted about 2 months and the second about 5 months . As lamps go , that is an unacceptable life span . On the other hand , these are cheap lights made in China so poor quality is almost expected .
 Do n't buy these lights - I have had 5 of them and 3 of them are burnt out and do n't work - complete throwaways .
 Pros : -- A pleasant-sounding set of double chimes . The four small bar chimes harmonizing with the larger tubular chimes are an interesting touch . However , see below.Cons : -- Small inner striker started to rust after one night outside . -- Made in China . -- Requires a stiff breeze to make any sound . In 10mph winds , the chimes swayed a bit but hardly made a sound . In gusts , the chimes sounded , but were very quiet and had little sustain . I needed to be within about 10 feet to hear them clearly over the wind , whereas I could clearly hear a neighbor 's chimes from farther away through a fence and hedgerow . -- The manufacturer foolishly tied a cardboard tag to the chimes ' strings using the same type of string . Be careful removing the tag or you might cut the chimes ' strings . Why create a small -LRB- but potentially big -RRB- hassle for the customer ?
 Poor construction . Slide for cleaning is stuck-does not slide.Therefore bird box can not be opened or cleaned . No response from company.Little knob to pull slide ineffective does not budge slide .
 ants crawled right over it , from the minute I hung it , not effective at all whatsoever .
 ... matches the hummingbird feeder , ... does n't work . Ants crawl over it without a pause . Instructions say stir the waxy substance in the channel . That does n't work either .
 I have had these pruners for some months now and finally have removed the rotating handle so I can get at least a little use out of them . I did have high hopes that this ergonomic design would reduce hand fatigue but it does n't . The rotation makes them very difficult to hang onto and almost dangerous from slippage . It may work for some people , certainly not for me . I love my standard Felco pruner and am hoping I can replace the rotating handle with a static handle either through Felco or by fashioning a handle myself so these expensive pruners will not have been a complete waste of money .
 Item arrived DOA , would not work at all ... dealt with a good merchant though who refunded full purchase price .
 Same here , DOA . Most of the cost is shipping , so maybe I 'll hang it over the fireplace !
 This Corona Clipper AC 8300 Sharpening Tool will ruin nearly every blade you apply it to.When given the choice I allows chose to buy Corona tools all my life . They are good quality tools . But this sharpener has no control to it . The carbide is extremely sharp and will remove material from just about any tool you have . The problem is the small amount of surface area in contact with the edge being sharpend . This allows for gouging to occur even with the slightest pressure . I ruined two pairs of scissors and had to spend an hour with my honing stones to repair the edge on my pruner.Corona should be ashamed to place their name on this tool . The only reason I can see for doing so , is that their competitors sell the same style sharpener . So , Corona is just trying to get you to spend that little bit extra of your hard earned money . Save your cash and stick with your honing stones .
 Corona is for betty homemakers . I would n't sharpen a crayon with this . There are three ways to sharpen things properly . # 1 a high speed grinding wheel -LRB- you better know exactly what your doing -RRB- , # 2 a sharpening stone , # 3 any Japanese or German sharpening product.this flimsy little thing will turn your thumb into a lacerated pool of hell .
 This sharpener works fairly well but wears out very quickly . Mine is shot after 2 months and thats with using both sides.I would not recommend this product since its a throw away sharpener .
 Corona tools are great until they break and you try to get a replacement as their guarantee says . They just tell you it is not our tool that it is a knock off . So much for their lifetime guarantee !
 Assembly Instructions EXTREEMLY poor . It is not UNIVERSAL ! Tried for two hrs.to get it to fit my new 2 stage snow blower . Will not fit over the snow discharg aiming crank . No help from the manufacture .
 I had several problems with this product . The cab never did fit the frame . I had to shorten the frame to allow the cab to fit . I also had to modify the mounting bracket so it could mount to the blower handle ... Manufacturing Engineer ... David ...
 I do not usually leave a review on a product , but the assembly instructions on this cab are very poor . Plus , this cab kit came one bolt and nut short of what the directions called for . Lastly , although I did not completely assemble this item -LRB- because the directions were so poor -RRB- it did not appear to be universal either . I 'll be spending a few more dollars for another cab .
 These lights are of reasonably high quality , but beware of a few problems . First , the tops do n't attach very securely to the glass lenses because the groove on the plastic underside of the tops is too wide for a tight fit . Second , unless you have at LEAST 8 hours of direct sunlight for every single light per day , they will run out of juice in a very short time . If you plan to mount these in the shade , they will not work for you . Third , the batteries supplied are NiCads , not NiMH , meaning they take longer to charge , and they do n't hold their charge as long . Even with a full charge in direct sunlight , do n't expect more than 5 or 6 hours of illumination . Personally , I like the lights to stay on for at least 8 hours , especially during the time of year when darkness lasts 12 hours or more . Fourth , the lights are installed by putting a metal stake in the ground whch has a plastic top , then the metal lamp base slides over the plastic . This is in no way secure . Due to small variations in the plastic molding and the steel tubes , some of the lamps will be wobbly and others will be reasonably secure . If theft could be a problem in your area , be aware that you can simply pull these lights up with no effort at all . And finally , the LED lamps are called white , but as we all know , there 's no such thing as a pure white LED . The actual color is a pale blue . I think they would have been better with amber or yellow LED 's , which would have provided a glow similar to wired lights .
 I too bought these lights March 2006 at Costco . I actually bought 1 pack and the next day bought another . However , by the next week already a few of them were not coming on any longer . Since then , not even 1 year later all but 6 are not working . I 've tried recharging the batteries and replacing them to no luck . If you bump into one it stretches -LRB- mushrooms -RRB- the weak aluminum pole that the lamp sits in and then they never stand straight again.I would not reccomend this product to anyone . The only reason I gave it 1 star is because they are very easy to install.Oh and by the way , I live in Las Vegas . Having enough Sunlight on the lamps was never an issue , they are just cheap .
 I bought the 15 pack from Costco earlier in the summer . As others have already mentioned , they are easy to install but are n't particularly sturdy . My big complaint is that 2 of the 15 have now stopped working . I tried replacing the batteries with store bought ones -LRB- about $ 7 for a pair or batteries -RRB- but that turned out to not be the issue . I 'm going to contact Westinghouse about getting them replaced , but it 's still a pain .
 If you pick this item up retail , you should beware that the features listed on the box are deceptive . The box lists various components and features on the side along with the phrase `` 2 900mah batteries increase runtime '' in the middle of the list . This constitutes an implication that the batteries are sold as part of the set . Were they , this set would be a bargain , but no batteries are included.Having fully disassembled one of the lights -LRB- not recommended if you want to keep it intact -RRB- , I noted that the solar cell is in series with the batteries , with only diode back-current protection . No DSP dip sense , thermometer , or other overcharge protection is provided . This may affect battery cycle life , though at 6-15 hours the charge current rate is so low it may not be consequential except with bargain basement batteries.The documentation specifies Nickel Cadmium , not the more environmentally friendly NiMH batteries , which would be even more sensitive to overcharging . Given the simple circuit , though , other battery types may work . Lights brightly with fully charged NiMH batteries and batteries still cool after 1/2 hour . Charging of NiMH not tested . Using a high C NiMH might make damage due to overcharge negligible -LRB- C/10 charging rates are considered relatively benign . -RRB- Not that it matters much , considering power is free , but the LED driver circuit could probably be more efficient . An `` oops up '' diode is in series with the LED pair in parallel , and again no DSP , just transistors.Other than the electronics , the lamps look nice and are convenient for both groundstake and bolt-on deck mount applications . Do not expect the deck-stands to work unbolted -- they are not wide enough to stabilize the lamp .
 The broccoli bag had a whole in it and there were seeds everwhere in the box , on the floor , what a mess .
 We have a 250 gal . Spa , we noticed that after getting out our skin was itchy and dry feeling . We looked over the internet and found this product . After reading some reviews we decided to get it from Amazon , they seemed to have the best `` deal '' . We put the recommended dose of 2 tablespoons in , we did n't feel any different . We put a little more each time until we were up to BIG handful . We are finally to where we can feel a difference but by putting that much in , we experienced a little foaming and an empty bottle rather quickly . With the over priced packaging of this item in a box twice it 's size , the cost of the item and how much it takes to feel better , we 've decided to look for something different .
 The seller sent me a flag that is navy blue in color . Obviously if you look at the picture it is a more royal blue color . I also odered another flag that looked navy blue . So now I have two flags that are the same color . The seller did nothing to correct this for me . Obviously I dont need two of the same flag . I really did want the lighter blue as pictured . I wo n't be ordering from this seller again .
 Somewhat confusing and not nearly as useful as other headlamps I have used . The brighter lights are only usable when attached to the external battery pack making it quite heavy . Perhaps you get what you pay for .
 I have purchased the Cat Grass PLUS that comes in the container for years now and the cats LOVE it and leave my plants alone . I am no longer able to find it at the retail store and when I do its over $ 5 . Thought I would try this version , cheaper and by the same company so what could go wrong ? I am now on the 4th package -LRB- Ibought 6 of them -RRB- and I barely get a dozen blades of grass ... my cat is not interested and misses her lush Cat Grass PLUS ... POOR SUBSTITUTIION on my part . .
 Tomorrow will be a week since I ordered it , and it was supposed to be in by 2 business days . What happened ?
 It was not as eye-catching as I thought . I have it sitting out on my deck instead of in front of my door for neighbors to view .
 This is not the first time that I have spent hours researching a part , finding it on Amazon and then finding after my order that the order is canceled because it is not available or not in stock . As a researcher , a communications specialist a an IT technologies expert it irritates me when Amazon and others do not take the time to keep their databases up to date.I realize that Amazon 's vendors are the source of the problem , in that they do n't keep their databases up to date but , given the technologies we have today coupled with the power integrated in database technology this sort of thing is inexcusable.In that vein Amazon actually rates a negative one with me because now I need to start over where last night I thought I had my initial problem solved.But is n't it odd that Amazon , and others , will offer `` free shipping '' which is actually a bait and switch , if you only sign up for some service to be deluged with email spam to get you to purchase things you do not want to purchase . Getting tired of these `` benevolent '' things that , once executed , turn out to be more of a bother than a blessing.Dave Hardesty
 They were on sale , and I ordered 2 . They arrived separately in two HUGE boxes - via UPS - and looked like they had both been dropped from about 10 stories up . Sigh ... The mats themselves had broken and cracked rubber backing . I guess they got beaten up in transit . The actual pattern in the mats is beautiful and the fiber is nice and dense . So - I kept them . They are outside and hopefully they wo n't fall apart too quickly.If you are really picky , you better take a good look at these when they are delivered .
 not horrible , not great , really rough on bare feet , cheap
 I DID N'T RECEIVE THE MAT YET . BUT I ALREADY ORDERED IT , I AM DISAPPOINTED TO SEE , OTHERS GOT THE SAME ITEM FOR 12 . OO DOLLARS . AND 9.99 . BUT I AM PAYING DOUBLE THE PRICE .
 This is not a half hemisphere dome . This is flattened dome nothing like the photo . Will be returning it and not ordering from Ozbo again . I do n't see how a flat dome will keep squirrels off .
 The item is not shaped like the figure in the description and it does n't work asw well as it should to protect the feeder from intrusion by rodents .
 This Brush Axe was not sharp . Tried to cut a 1/2 '' branch and took about 30 swings of the axe before the branch broke off.Will be returning this product . It was not sharp at all
 This Fiskars 7860 Brush Axe was very dull when received . Considered sharpening it , but the curved portion of the blade needed the most help and this part of the blade would be difficult to sharpen correctly . So ... back to Amazon it goes.Very thankful for Amazon 's generous return policy !
 I was using the tool to reduce some brush for the chipper . Due to the glass smooth handle design the axe slipped out of my gloved hand and smashed across my shin buying me a trip to the emergency room , 8 stitches , and a new pair of pants . On the plus side the blade was super sharp leaving a nice straight clean cut for the ER doc to stitch up . I have been using a cheap straight blade machete for 15 plus years and have never had problem . I will use the brush axe still , but only for limited applications .
 I bought one of these based on all of the positive reviews , and it does not impress . First , it is poorly engineered -- the blade extends into the handle only as far as the wide part of the black section , perhaps an inch . The rest of the handle is hollow . This is simply not how you make a tool , esp . a sharp one . It is obvious why some have reported the blade separating from the handle . Second , there is simply no edge on the blade as shipped.I sharpened it up a bit and attempted to use it on the ~ 1/4 '' green , fibrous , canes of a multiflora rose bush . The canes bounced off the tool when I left them hanging loose . When I held the canes tight , the blade bounced off of them . It worked kind of OK in a few specific cases , but I have no need of yet another tool that I need to trade out in lots of situations . Sticking with the loppers and hand shears .
 I 'm modifying my review because I gave the Fiskars company WAY too much respect.How did this product ever pass through quality control?They must only have a `` Sucker Bait Department '' to measure things to sell.I took the brush blade out for some real work , taking advantage of the missing foliage.I hit nothing but wood . I hit nothing over an inch in diameterand THE BLADE CHIPPED in two places.One in the hook , the other on the straight cut area big enough to rest my pinky finger in.Pathetic , worthless Chinese made piece of junk.DO NOT buy this.The Fiskars name can not be trusted.I have a pair of pruners in my garage that snapped at the handle as well.Anybody offering to sell you one of these Chinese blades or keeps in their catalogshould be considered a crook looking to take you for a ride.Stay completely away from this item.The Chinese blades are no good.Beware .
 I bought the Brush AXE because I have more items from Fiskars and I 'm happy with it , but if I check the product and it says made in Finland I do n't like to receive and see that It has been maden in China , its a hugh difference since old experience I had . I only hope do n't have problems with it . .
 I wanted to like it really badly . I Like the idea of it but after hitting a few small limbs on a Canadian Hemlock in 25 degree weather and doing some very light pruning the blade had not one chip but many chips . IF you want to get one as a &#34; throw away over time go for it &#34; I 'll go back to using my Large Bowie Knife by KBAR with the 9 &#34; inch blade that is RAZOR sharp and has taken a beating battoning Oak Firewood and has not chipped . I have the Fiskars Splitting axe with 36 &#34; handle and it is TOP OF THE LINE STATE OF THE ART and splits AMAZINGLY . This Brush Axe on the other hand was &#34; Garbage &#34; as the French would say LOL Again , if you want to beat it and chuck it buy it . If you are looking for a long lasting quality item do not . Also , it is not full tang meaning the blade ends where the plastic handle starts . NOT GOOD . -LRB- *
 This was a great tool ... until it broke and flew hundreds of feet into the woods . I used it to cut Asiatic Bittersweet and Porcelain Berry vines . It was great ! It really did a nice job of cutting those vines . Good balance , sharp blade , quality shape to cut and pull vines away.One day , I was cutting vines and the blade broke right off the handle . It was bizarre because there were no prior signs of damage . There were no cracks and the blade did not feel loose . So for the love of Crumb Cake , be careful with this tool if you purchase one.I am happy to report that after I sent an email -LRB- including pictures of the broken tool -RRB- to Fiskars ' consumer affairs department , they said they would forward the pictures to their quality control department . They were very helpful and quick to respond .
 BEFORE you buy check where it is from !!! I have owned 2 of these . The first was made in FINLAND and was INDESTRUCTIBLE !!! It was drop forged and came with an edge that could shave the hair off your arm ! Only reason I had to replace it was because it was `` lost '' -LRB- more likely stolen -RRB- . New ones from Fiskars are made in CHINA out of weak stamped steel and better suited for spreading butter than cutting wood ! I 'm busy right now but am going to make a more complete review later . In short , FINLAND = AWESOME/BUY , CHINA = JUNK/DON ' T BUY !
 Terrible item . The very first time I tried to use it the blade snapped in two , embedding the front half in the ground between my feet.Trying really hard to avoid Chinese made hand tools now . My life , limbs and digits are worth the extra to me .
 Not this one . We see a bright white line appear around the room -LRB- maybe two -RRB- when the sun hits it.A waste of money!Now , part of a review -LRB- when the review is negative -RRB- is suggesting an alternative -LRB- or listing tracks and times on a CD , like most do n't ! -RRB- . I read a lot of reviews and based on what seemed to be the top , I also purchased -LRB- one of each of the following -RRB- :1 - 40mm Crystal Ball Prisms # 701-40 ,2 - 76mm Teardrop Suncatcher Crystal Prisms # 873-76 . # 1 is fine , but it needs direct -LRB- direct ! -RRB- sunlight to produce a lot of what appears to be white stars around the room . Not too many rainbow effects like ; # 2 - Wow ! It seems the reason the teardrop is so effective at reproducing rainbows everywhere in the room has to do with how thick it is , besides the shape . It has solid mass in the middle -LRB- kind of like a fat old guy with a beer in his hand -RRB- . Round jelly belly - that produces rainbows everywhere!I also found that even though these two are heavier than the little Icicle Crystal I 'm reviewing -LRB- and say Not this one ! -RRB- , a fan blowing somewhat directly -LRB- from across the room -RRB- at the prisms will help them spin around -LRB- slightly -RRB- when using light fishing line to hang them . That effect is enough to make my little one go crazy chasing rainbows.I would go with two - each of the 40mm Ball and the 76mm teardrop -LRB- but only let the sunlight hit the prisms and keep the drapes closed the rest of the way -RRB- and watch your kids go nuts.Or perhaps , while drinking a cup of coffee or a glass of tea , sit there with some Fleetwood Mac -LRB- or whatever mellows you out -RRB- and enjoy the show yourself.Talk about a relaxing environment!Who needs a lava lamp . Oops ... just gave away my age ... -LRB- smiles -RRB-
 I purchased one of these locally last year ... My garden is a heavy silt base and I have been working organic matter into it to lighten it up . I had purchased a real cheap spade fork previously , which only lasted about 3 sessions . When I found the Fiskars unit at our local hardware store I thought that it was a dramatic improvement over my earlier purchase , and it was ... for about 2 days . While the tines of the cheap fork simply bent with too much torque , the tines on this fork were so brittle that I easily snapped one of the outside tines off . After returning it to the store I purchased it from , I replaced it with another of the same brand ... this one lasted 3 days before breaking a tine . In addition the plastic handle , while being very roomy and easy to use , is still plastic and began turning on the shaft after several hours of work ... loosening as I worked.No more cheap forks ... time to bite the bullet and spend some real money on a real fork . If you have lite soil and do n't work it too hard it will probably last a couple of years . But if you are really using this a lot , spend the money and get a real fork .
 I bought this fork because it looked like it was well made . Metal shaft , impressive tines and plastic handle . It did n't last one season . One of my sons broke the shaft of the fork where it enters the metal handle while digging potatoes . I sent an email customer service at Fiskars with a description of the problem and a picture . They promptly sent me a replacement free of charge - kudos to them . After analyzing the metal , the fork part itself is made of cheap metal and is not designed for heavy duty use . My recommendation is to skip this fork if you really want to use it in your garden to do serious digging .
 My wife broke mine trying to remove a Juniper shrub . I am looking for something stronger .
 I got this for my laundry travels . I live in Boston and the sidewalks are n't exactly smooth surfaces . However the front wheels bent within four 1/4 mile trips to and from the laundromat . The back wheels still work , but I 'd spend money for something sturdier .
 The biggest problem with this cart is that the front two wheels do not swivel . That makes taking corners impossible unless you tip the cart onto its back two wheels . The front wheels of this model do seem cheaply made . Also , it would be nice if the handle was adjustable seeing as it is quite low.I 've found a cart with front swiveling wheels and 3-position adjustable handle with a comfort grip for a few dollars cheaper that this one ! Do yourself a favor and shop around .
 I was unable to use the Humbrella Dome because all I received was the dome . The parts to hang the dome were missing , so I returned it . The return and credit to my account went smoothly .
 I bought this feeder along with its humbrella after reading the positive reviews , but ca n't figure out where one could use it outdoors . The slightest breeze causes this feeder to swing , dumping nectar on the ground . It did not attract hummingbirds -- probably because it was always out of nectar . I have just put this feeder in the trash and replaced it with a cheap one from Lowes . Do n't waste your money .
 good deliver service.biggestjoke i ever paid for.This thing was never ment to work.hanging in garden houseshould be in the garbage .
 I used this for about 15 minutes and it was working great . I got to a large dandelion and when I tried to flip it out I heard a crack and it was broke . I returned it the same day .
 After a few tries with this tool I was feeling like a pro quickly filling a garbage bag with dandelions . Large dandelions came out of the ground with ease . Every now and then I would come across a smaller dandelion in hard or mossy soil that just did n't want to come out of the ground and took extra effort . It was one of these that caused it to crack . I had maybe an hour of use before this happened . This tool did leave sizable holes behind . I do n't know yet if it pulled enough of the dandelion to keep it from growing back . A better technique would have been to spray the dandelions with a grass friendly weed killer and removed them a day or two later but I was so excited to have a new toy I could n't wait . I went to my local hardware store and found an all metal competitor that looked like it would last longer . Unforunately it does n't grasp them as well as this one did and some times leaves part of the plants behind .
 I loved this device for as long as it lasted - less than 24 hours . The plastic is not strong enough for large tough weeds or slightly hardened ground . Great idea , I hope they re-make it with metal foot .
 This tool is hard to manage in a perennial garden and does n't go deep enough for dandelions . Do n't waste your money .
 It 's a true POS.Nozzle leaks where it screws on wand . There is a thin washer that is supposed to prevent leakage , however it has too extremely tight to stop the leak ; much tighter than can be done by hand.The spray pattern is not nearly fine enough to be used for indoor pest control.This sprayer is probably adequate for garden pest control.I have had the pump rod come unscrewed from the piston the second time I used the sprayer , this is aggravating when the sprayer is full of pesticide . I was able to remove the piston assembly and screw the pump rod back into the piston . Only time will tell if it will recur.At least from my review you can make an informed buying decision .
 This sprayer was a disappointment . The nozzle does not shut off cleanly and it just keeps dripping . I can not recommend this sprayer .
 Bought one of these Chapin Pro 21220 sprayers and right out of the box it would n't work . After close inspection , I found a burr on the lip of the plastic body . I carefully sanded the burr down and it seemed to finally work . When it worked , it was great ... but then it quit working just like that . Will only hold pressure for a few minutes , maybe 5 or 6 minutes . To get any pressure at all I have to pump it like a mad man 30 or 40 pumps and I could urinate a better stream then this sprayer ... I use the term `` sprayer '' loosely .
 The nozzle leaks on mine as well . The bottle is not clear and there is no clear window , so it 's not possible to see how much fluid is left on the bottle ; also hard to see when you are adding and measuring water , and you do n't really want to look down from the top where chemicals are splashing out . Also the tubing is too thick/heavy-duty and it is very difficult to wield because of it . I wish I did n't buy it . It 's really not that great considering how much this is . There are better sprayers out there for less price . I also bought the Gilmour Turbo Pump http://www.amazon.com/Gilmour-Turbo-Sprayer-Gallons-T1500/dp/B001IZILA2/ref=pd_rhf_cr_p_t_4 here at Amazon . I 'm very satisfied with that model .
 Length :
 I bought this set in September , about 7 months ago , and it is poor quality . There is rust all around the screw roles and rusty water gets trapped inside the chairs and leaks out when you move the chairs . The rusty water stained the paint on my deck floor . More importantly , the glass on top of the table shattered suddenly one night and we found broken glass all over our deck the next morning . I now have to dis-assemble the set and send it back for a refund . The vendor , Bargain Outfitters , said satisfaction guarantee so I hope they will honor this promise .
 We have used this since last summer and it has been getting really rusty . It is covered in the winter time so you would think it would not get that bad but it has been . It has been staining our patio with rust spots . Not too thrilled about that
 Worked for 30 minutes and then the hose melted throwing water proofing sealer every which way . I consider that dangerous . I 'd give it no stars if that were an option . Need I say more ?
 I purchased this sprayer thinking it would be superior for spraying my fence than a typical $ 10 garden sprayer . As it turns out , the wide spray pattern nozzle did not work at all . It dripped , spattered to a point that it ruined my fence . I should have returned the sprayer but did n't want to bother , instead I decided to use it as a garden sprayer . In hind site , I think a better choice for this application would have been an electric paint gun .
 We do n't have that many cockroaches , I see them every now and then ... may be one per day . I put four baits in the kitchen . Seems that our cockroaches either do n't pay attention to them , or they 're not enough poisonous for them . I still see cockroaches around , sometimes in the same place where baits are .
 This product does not catch more than a few flies per strip . I have seen flies land on it , struggle for a second , and fly away . This is an exceptionally poor product .
 Even tried peanut butter on the ramp leading into the trap , they got the bait but never fell into the trap . Hawaii is a very rich mouse location and this has been outside around the garden , exterior of the house for months without catching anything .
 I have had this product set up for over 2 weeks now with absolutely no success . I have tried many different baits -LRB- chocolate , peanut butter etc -RRB- . I followed all of the setup instructions to the letter , and the mice just walk right by it ! Not worth the money !
 bought a trap like this . Mine seems to have a springy walking plank which the mice are supposed to walk up , then the weight lowers the little plank and the mice go into the `` waiting area '' . It seems the plank would take a heavy mouse to get enough weight to get the mouse in further . There are little front doors on mine which are n't speing loaded an therefor stay open . . Are these traps better ? I have a Ketch-all too and caught 13 outside mice in it within 3 days . Today was my 1st mouse injury .
 I live in a rural area , and have problems with mice getting in the garage . I have these traps in known areas where the mice are , and I have caught nothing over several weeks . They say you do n't need to bait the traps . I tried them unbaited , and then baited . Still no luck . I put down the old fashioned snap traps right next to the pro-ketch , and catch something in them every night . Do n't waste your money .
 We bought this particular trap because it claims to catch multiple mice . We do n't kill the mice we catch but let them free a ways from home . We 've always used Havaheart traps with excellent results.This trap used along side two Havaheart traps caught nothing , while both the Havaheart traps caught mice . This was done on several nights .
 I bought this trap along with the Havahart double door trap for mice . Tried baited and un-baited . The other trap caught the tiniest mice consistently , this one still has n't caught a single mouse , even when placed in the same place as the other trap . It may be slightly more involved to set but the Havahart mouse trap works very well .
 The first night I set up the trap , I heard a racket coming from my cabinet . I opened the cupboard , thinking I had caught a mouse ... but instead I found the mouse OUTSIDE the trap , trying to GNAW ITS WAY IN to get the treat !!! I have had this trap set up for months now . It has never caught anything . Yet my Mice Cube -LRB- ordered on Amazon -RRB- continues to catch mice . The only reason I ordered this product was because I was having so much success with the Mice Cube -LRB- which only holds 1 mouse at a time -RRB- , I thought I could catch multiple mice at once with this . NOT IF THEY CA N'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO GET IN !
 I had this for a long while i think over a year . It rarely works for me adult mice will not enter it . On a rare occasion a baby mice will get trapped in it . Im guessing recent nest Departees . These mice are usually about size of my Pinky . This would be acceptable if was more frequent . However this far and few in between . I have tried water an different baits and locations .
 It caught a few mice at first , but now I just keep finding droppings inside the trap and no mice . Amazingly , they seem to have figured it out .
 I purchased 5 of these and had a major problem . I needed to move the spikes after initially putting them in the ground and , unfortunately , the tops are not strongly attached to the spike so in every case the top pulled off and left the spike in the ground . I had to literally dig the spikes out of the ground . I purchased the Dramm Premium Hose Spikes # 13001 from Amazon and , although I have not yet put them in the ground , they appear to be much better made . Unfortunately , they are about twice the price of the Orbit ones .
 Indeed the plastic top comes off easily . So either decide where to put them and never move them , or make sure that the soil where you put them is not too firm . Other than that they work well and are fairly unobtrusive , but the flimsy construction is a turn-off in my case .
 This feeder says rolled edges for safety . im not sure what that means . its crazy sharp , you could cut a tree down with this thing . I sliced my finger open sliding it open to fill it up . After a couple of days using it , i noticed my quail with some serious injuries to their feet . Turns out they hop up on top of it to eat and their feet slip inside of the holes , when they jump out , it slices their feet . Half of my quail have very nasty cuts on their feet . Two were down to the bone , and one actually amputated a toe . I would strongly advise a different product . We are lucky we did not lose any to infection .
 I was disappointed by the quality of this flag . The material is too thin for use outside - wind , sun and weather will wear it out immediately . The Eagle Globe and Anchor application just looks cheap.If you put this up in the BEQ 's you will get chewed out .
 I ordered this product and it did n't have anyway to hang it up in our tree . The part that was suppose to get attached to the hook was n't even there . The ropes came apart also and even if all the parts were there we could n't of used it . The wooden arms were all sticky and paper stuck to them while shipping . We called customer service and they said they would send another one if I wanted . I decided to try another one and that one was in worst shape then the first one . The poorest quality of wood finish and the rope fell apart again . I called again and they gave me my money back which was the only good thing about ordering from Amazon ! Thank you Amazon but beware , do n't order these chairs !
 After about a week the chair fell apart while adjusting the ropes on the top wooden dowl -LRB- per the instructions -RRB- . Fortunately , I was n't sitting in the chair . The wooden dowl near the top of the chair fell and bruised my hand . Above the wooden dowl the ropes from the chair and the ropes from the S hook connects - the ropes are intertwined but that connection does n't hold . The chair as advertised is designed to hold at least 200 lbs . I 'm well under at 130 so it was n't the weight .
 Have not been able to use , the adjustment straps slip and you can not sit in the chair . Needs a better design
 I purchased two of these for use in my backyard . The cloth material for the seat was well constructed . The wood and rope portions were very poorly manufactured . The packing material stuck to the polyurethane finish , some portions of the finish had no stain at all . The ropes were hazardous to use . When assembled and hung , the first person to use hit the floor when the permanently attached -LRB- factory assembled -RRB- rope separated , allowing the person to hit the floor . Rope was uable to be reused . Foot rest ropes were too short for application and could not be used . I returned both and am still waiting for refund for second chair -LRB- over four weeks -RRB- . I would not recommend these , since I was just lucky that no one was injured .
 The product arrived with the varnish still sticky . The rope was routed wrong . I had to reroute the rope so it would work right . I was offered a refund but I had to pay the freight . Decided to keep the chair but not completely satisfied .
 Ropes do not lock in place , adjusting is almost impossible . Foot rest rope is too short . Did n't buy the stand in time to be able to return the chair , now I 'm stuck with it . Wish I would have spent the extra money and bought the Airchair outback lounger . My friend has that one and will have to see if we can modify the bars/ropes on this one to make it usable/adjustable . Do n't waste your money on the Nami Chair !
 I have bought 3 or 4 of these because when they work they work well ! I think the first one cost around $ 15 now they 're very expensive for what they are , and my last two have only worked for a few weeks !! I need to find out what kind of warranty they have because this newest one , for which I paid $ 35 + , stopped working after two weeks . This is ridiculous .
 I have 2 of these devices . They work great when they work . The brains to this is a strain gauge , inside the top , attached to the hanger . When the squirrel gets on it , the gauge deflects activating the motor . The gauge does not last long at the needed settings . After about a week , the device starts spinning at a slight breeze and does not stop . The batteries leak in it also since it is not sealed well .
 I have one of these and it worked at first , for a month or so . Then they figured out how to hang on until it stopped spinning . Then the spinner started spinning non - stop . I changed the batteries . Same thing . It 's broken . I am out $ 35 . And the squirrels are happy again . Squirrels are too smart for me . I had one of those heavy metal feeders with a spring loaded arm that would close if there was too much weight . They figured that out too - took the springs out somehow . I might as well save the money I spend on deterrents and buy them their own seeds . They win .
 Length :
 They figured out how to grab onto the feeder & stop it from twirling around . It worked at first but now they know how to do that ! Pesky varmits !!!!!!
 While this machine does what it says it does , it is very sensitive . It works with your feeder , and when you hang the feeder from it , turning it on will cause it to go through a calibration cycle to set the hanging weight . Supposedly , it will spin for 15 seconds when the weight goes up by about a pound , assuming there is a squirrel causing the weight increase . Oftentimes it will just spin on its own with nothing to trigger it . After the 15 seconds , it stops , then starts again , and continuing this cycle for no apparent reason . . When that happens , turning it off and back on will re-calibrate it for its current hanging weight , and it will work OK for a while . But before long , off it goes again . Seems to be OK until a squirrel gets on it again , and then the sensitivity makes it go berserk once more . I would NOT recommend this to anyone . I 'm trying a Brome 1024 next .
 No good . The deterrent spun to fast causing the food to spin off . It also started randomly . Too sensitive in windy areas .
 I bought several moister meters . I bought this one because the description stated it was 13 some inches . I wanted to check the moister level in my taller pots . I receive this meter and what do you think ? Yes . They fooled me . The overall length is 10 1/4 inches . and the stem only measures 7 inches . This one is the shortest one , when I thought it would be the longest one . FOOL ME ONCE ; SHAME ON YOU . FOOL ME TWICE ; SHAME ON ME .
 This did not work from the moment I took it out of the package . Dont buy one online - you can get them in garden stores and will then have a place to return them if they dont work . They -LRB- all brands and models -RRB- are notorious for working only a short time before they fall apart .
 I 've had two . The tip came off both in soil unless the soil is very loose.OldRoser
 The first arrived bent , returned it for a replacement . The replacement did not work , returned it for a refund.Very disappointed because I have not found a straight forward moisture meter locally . The local ones have 2 or more probes .
 I bought this shovel for heavy snows , when my regular snow shovel wouldnt cut it . Upon second use shoveling about 6 '' of snow the poly blade on this shovel cracked and broke , now the shovel has a six inch v in it . -LRB- I finished shoveling with a six dollar flimsy snow shovel , that didnt break -RRB- I really wish I had spent the extra money on an aluminum shovel instead of the poly .
 We bought this pool kit because it had all of the equipment you needed to run a pool and the box said that it was EASY to SET up . Well , the only way that this pool is easy to set up is if you have a backyard that was leveled by God.We worked with this pool for over a week trying to get it to fill properly . We borrowed a 12ft level and placed 10 bags of sand on the ground to ensure that everything was level and smooth . This pool just did not want to fill level . It leaned to one side , then leaned to another side and in the end we broke our backs hauling 500 pounds of sand , a pool liner and multiple accessories . We wasted probably 1,000 gallons of water filling and emptying the pool . Every time we thought we had it perfectly centered and laid out , we would walk away and let the pool fill some more . When we would come back 20 mins later , we would find the pool leaning to one side and water spilling out . It always filled nicely the first foot of water and then started to go lopsided after that.It looks like a good idea and probably works if you live in a perfect world where things are easy to set up . I live in a world that apparently is a smig out of level , which is just too much for this pool to tolerate.If you have a 16ft concrete slab that was professionally leveled , then you may be successful with this pool .
 We will never buy another Char-Broil product again EVER and highly recommend that you do the same.We bought a Char-Broil Quickset Grill , model 463862006 , which appears very similar to this model . This grill is a one-season only grill . After owning ours for a year and a half and grilling less than 2 dozen times , our grill 's regulator broke . Char-Broil would not offer us help to fix this part , offering only to sell us a replacement part for nearly one-third the original price of the grill ! Customer service was frustrating and unhelpful . They did not listen to us about the problems and were unwilling to be creative about solving the problem.A service technician at a local grill store examined our regulator and hose assembly -LRB- VHR assembly -RRB- , discussed the remedies we tried , and concluded that it was virtually impossible for our problem to have been caused by spider mites clogging the valves -LRB- the repeated suggestion from Char-Broil as to what caused the problem -RRB- . The VHR assembly is highly non-standard and can only be procured from Char-Broil .
 I had to take the time on a Sunday morning to write a review for this grill . What pure junk this thing is . Please buy this grill if you like having a lot of your expensive meat blackened and burned . The grill took nearly a day to assemble with the micro print instructions , then it does n't heat evenly at all so you have to constantly monitor the food so it does n't get destroyed . Step away for one minute and your food is destroyed . It happened again today for the ten dozenth time . Char Broil is actually a pretty good name because your food will all be charred from this piece of junk . My $ 20 Coleman apartment gas grill worked a lot better than this lemon . Also , the construction is shoddy and you 'll be constantly tightening screws to prevent the thing from falling apart . Shame on you Char Broil for selling such pure junk ! ** UPDATE 11/28/09 * About a week ago , opened the lid and it fell right off . . par for the course with Char Broil . I went to the hardware store and bought new screws and nuts with lock washers . Guess it would have been too much to expect the Char Broil company to throw in a half a cent piece of hardware that would keep this junk together .
 The design of this is outstanding , unfortunately execution is terrible . The unit I purchased came in with the top shelf broken at the miter joints due to poor cut 45 degree angles and the use of a sub par quality of glue -LRB- typical in Chinese assembled furniture -RRB- with too short stables to hold the corner . The unit was assemble in such a way that the plant light could not be connected at the fixture which required the relocation of the fixture.The design is such that I felt is was worth my time to properly assemble , particularly after receiving no reply to my communication to the manufacturing company . I could have of course returned to Amazon , but thought the unit was salvageable . Hopefully some one will correct the contract manufacturer.Do not buy unless you have significant woodworking skills to correct errors . Some errors such as bad joint angle cutting can not be corrected .
 the picture will show it fits over the lawn mower completely , well unless you have a small push type lawn mower for some reason , do not waste your money on this . It will only come 1/2 way up to the handle after wrapping it around the base part . . so dissappointed .
 Works ok to keep dust off and I suppose basic things like pollen and sap but material was too thin and ripped easily when caught on the edges of my mower -LRB- which I would think they 'd prepare for given it 's designed for a mower -RRB- . Before it ripped it also got a wet underneath the cover , not sure if that was condensation or actual leaking through but either way the material did n't seem like it was high quality or could keep water out.Attachment string was nice and I 've used some of their other products that had much nicer material but not this one .
 This cover was way to small for my mower -LRB- A Sears self-propelled -RRB- and the material would not stand up very long in the Florida sun . I was afraid some of the sharper edges on the mower would tare it very quickly . It would not reach the top of the handle and was really snug around the motor section of the mower . I would not reccommend this for anything other than an electric mower .
 This `` cab '' does n't in any way fit ALL 2 stage snowthrowers as claimed.It could be better helped in the assembly by color coding the parts instead of UF or LF , etc. . It is by no means able to be assembled in 30 min .
 This is a piece of junk . I bought one and it came with mismatched hardware . I was mailed the new hardware and it fit together . The next problem was that the outside cab does not fit the hardware . I just gave up .
 It took all afternoon to put the frame together then the cover did n't fit right over the frame . The 4 pieces at the top that all join together was very sloppy . The cover was too small for the frame and one side did n't attach at all . It says to adjust if needed , but does n't offer any suggestions on how to adjust it . We are able to use it for this storm but for the price of it it should have fit better .
 This thing is HUGE !!! I could not get it through the side door in my garage . Buy the smaller one unless you have a very large snowblower . It was a pain to assemble . It is not one of those items that is assembeled in 15 minutes out of the box.The smaller cheaper one is better for the average homeowner . Bigger is NOT better in this case .
 I thought I was getting the actual snowthrower because I wanted to replace the one I already have . I do n't need the snowcab so I ca n't really rate it for your company but thank you for your time .
 I 've have actually purchased two of these snow thrower covers , the second by mistake . Although it claims to cover most two-stage snow blowers , it could not cover my Yardman snow thrower . I purchased a MTD snow thrower cover which was the right size . The Classic did n't go to waste as I used it on my gas power-washer . Having forgotten about the size issue , I purchased the second one with the intention of covering my Troybilt chipper-shredder , which is roughly the same dimensions as a two stage snow thrower . Once again it was too small , and I ended up purchasing a second MTD cover which did the job . I guess I 'll use this Classic to cover stacked lawn chairs .
 I 'm about to order my third Classic snow thrower cover cuz they do n't hold up very long . They fit my Yard Machine two stage snow thrower just fine , but the sun makes the fabric very brittle and subject to easy tearing . Maybe I should only use the cover indoors , but that is n't practical . So , I guess I 'll just have to replace them each year - bummer !
 While I am delighted with the style of the above bench I purchased , the condition from shipping and the finish leave a lot to be desired . There were deep scratches in the wood slats and the finish was rough and crude . I shall have to strip it and refinish it before use .
 We thought that for close to $ 90 that we would get something moderately functional ... The first bench that we received had several of the pieces broken , marred or cracked . We called and asked for some replacement pieces - and received a box full of more broken , scratched , unusable pieces . There was no packing material in either box to protect the pieces . However , out of the two boxes , and a few hardware purchases , we were able to construct a mostly complete bench - only a few pieces were scratched or cracked . Now , 2 months later , ALL of the finish is literally peeling off of the bench , the wrought iron design is completely rusted - it LOOKS TERRIBLE ! What a WASTE of money !
 I bought this cover in September 2010 . So far it was a nice and inexpensive cover , until now . The cover has become so brittle that even looking at it creates a tear . I wish it would have lasted longer than just two years.Ok , it has survived several strong storms and even two hurricanes . Still no reason to literally fall apart.Trying to find something better ...
 Lasted me only two seasons , then fabric & seams fell apart ! `` Very thin '' , and NOT waterproof!Still looking ! :o-LRB- ? ~ ~ ~ Update - FOUND A GOOD ONE ! - Still going strong , after 3 years!Classic Deluxe Tractor Cover : o -RRB- Update2 - The upgraded new cover has better waterproofing/stronger hem elastic , covers my whole new John Deere D170 , and also covers the tires to keep them from drying out/cracking !
 The elastic cord hemmed in the bottom makes this cover fit snugly on my riding mower . I have also found it to be quite waterproof.That said I must add that I have to replace it every year . I have to leave my mower in a place where it gets the sun for half of every day , and it gets every drop of our 32 inch annual rainfall . After about a year it begins to actually shred and fall apart . I always keep a new one in reserve for when this happens . A bit expensive , but I guess it 's better than my mower standing nude in the sun and rain . I 've noted that there are other covers on the market that are a higher denier fabric , and that have special coatings . They are higher priced , but I think I will go that route for my next replacement .
 The finishing on the stand was horrible . The stand actually looked like it had been refurbished . I was not even able to use the stand for my 9ft umbrella because it could not sustain the weight of it.I did not return the item because the cost of shipping was not worth my money . I would not recommend anyone buying this stand .
 Screw knob on base was defective-does not hold umbrella securely or at the right angle . If not for the poor quality of the product -- the price and free shipping would have made this item a great deal .
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 Two corner pieces failed during assambly . Had to spend over $ 50.00 for replacements and 2-day shipping . The day after it was up , I had a fair rain which is not uncommon this time of the year in the Houston area . Water collected in the `` middle edge '' on all 4 sides destroying the stays in the cover . I do not expect this item to last .
 I received them in very good condition . I would have paid more for these chairs in the marketplace where I live . These were cheaper and even with including the shipping of them . I 'm very pleased .
 A little too pricey althought I didprefer an authentic-looking bonsaiplanter.Does not sit level.The bottomis warped somehow.Probably fired toorapidly or not cooled properly.I ` lllive with it .
 i bought wrong product . when i looked at picture i thought i was buying the bench . didnt care about the cushion . Now they have a cushion & no bench .
 THE ITEMS WERE A DISAPPOINTMENT . I CHOSE PVC MATERIAL TO STAND THE TEST OF TIME . THESE CHAIRS PROBABLY WONT LAST A YEAR INDOORS , LESS OUTDOORS . THE WEAVE STRANDS WERE LOOSE AND UNRAVELING . I HAD TO LIGHT A MATCH TO MELT THE WEAVE IN ORDER TO SECURE THE STRANDS.THERE WERE SHORT STRANDS STUCK INTO ENLARGED SPACES . NOT A GOOD BUY .
 I can not find the link to leave the seller feedback , but need to warn you about their service . Ozbo failed to ship this rat bait for a week , with ZERO contact or notification . Amazon had to cancel this order . The product is great , but do NOT buy from this merchant.About the product
 This product supposes to kill mice , but it does not . I bough 1.75 pounds of this `` poison '' in the middle of June and started feeding mice in my garden shed . I started with one bar of Hawk Bait , but very soon had to increase the portion . Two and a half months later the bucket 1.75 Lb -LRB- ! -RRB- is almost empty and I see more feces in the shed , they love that product ! I keep only garden tools , a tractor and some lumber in the shed , nothing else . There is nothing to eat except Hawk Bait chunks . I 'm not going to buy another 1.75 Lb of Hawk Bait .
 This table comes disassembled with very vague instructions , and after putting in all but two screws and finding that the ones left were not the size I needed , I realized the number of screws needed is different from the number of screws provided in each size . I had to buy extra screws to get this table put together .
 I used this for lap swimming and was very careful to close it exactly how they tell you to , but it only worked for about 2 weeks before water leaked in and the mp3 player would n't turn on anymore . While it did work , I loved it , but for the money , I would have liked to use my new mp3 player for more than a few weeks .
 Shuffle setting is n't random , plays different order but that same diferent order every time , the headphones stink !
 Oregon Scientific 's newer version -LRB- MP121 -RRB- is light years ahead of the original -LRB- MP120 -RRB- . Here are the improvements over this model
 I have a Oregon Scientific 120 and a 121 model , both are lacking in headphone department . They wo n't stay in while swimming . I tried the Freestyle audio and their head phones get wet and stop working . The only MP3 player that works like it 's suppose to is the product by `` Swimman '' where they waterproof a Ipod shuffle from the inside , pared with their waterproof headphones that are like using bose ear buds under water this unit is a dream and highly recommended !!!!
 The thermometers I received had a half red and half white dial . I ordered this one because of the white dial in the picture . The red segment is almost unreadable.Not happy .
 I was very disappointed with this product . I would not recommend it for cleaning out a pond with accumulated debris . My unit overheated after about five minutes of continuous use . I had to turn it off to cool several times before continuing the job . The symptom of overheating was smoke emanating from the air intakes for the motor . Admittedly I had to use a 20-foot extension cord . Who has their fishpond so close to the house that no extension cord is required ? However , I personally constructed the extension cord from AWG 12 -LRB- 20-amp capacity -RRB- house wire terminated by a standard household receptacle at one end and a heavy-duty , three-prong plug at the other end . Hence , the overheating was not caused by voltage drop in the extension cord . I used the Pondovac unit in a continuous mode with free discharge from the tank with the output hose running down grade . The input hose , that extracted the water and debris from the pond , was less than the maximum length -LRB- I did not use all the extensions -RRB- . At the risk of my fish , I used an input nozzle with a relatively large opening that would be less prone to clog by the debris being sucked up . Nevertheless , the unit repeated overheated .
 I have found this difficult to use and unsatisfactory . The `` manual '' that comes with it , if you could even call it that , is completely useless and there seems to be nothing on line from the manufacturer either . I do n't think my unit is malfunctioning , but I only get good suction about 25 % of the time . Supposedly it has two suction chambers to maintain suction all the time , so you do n't have to stand and wait for it to empty before you get suction back , which apparently was the case with the prior model , but I get decent suction through only one of the two chambers.I ca n't even figure out what one of the nozzles that comes with it is supposed to be for . There is nothing that tells you.To the extent that I have managed to get the unit to function a bit better , it has only been through trial and error . It seems like the drain hose needs to run `` downhill , '' so I have taken to setting the vacuum on a chair when I use it . Of course , that means the `` in '' hose needs to go `` uphill '' more , partially counteracting the improvement , but I have found that if I do not do it , the unit stops draining all together and stops working . In fact , before I started putting it up on the chair , it just about sounded like it was going to `` explode '' a couple of times . Perhaps I am doing something wrong , but how would I know ? As alluded to above , the `` manual '' is little more than a parts list and it does n't even show all the parts !
 PONDOVAC 3 by OASEI have found this product VERY difficult to use and its performance very poor . It takes two people to run it
 I bought this expensive vacuum and it is very diffucult to use . You must have the vacuum higher than the pond and the exhaust hose is too short . I do n't want the exhaust water to drain back into the pond so the hose could be longer . It would be nice to have a standard hose size so you could possibley extend it by adding your shop vac hose to it but it does not fit . Also , the exhaust hose keeps coming off the vacuum because there is no lock clamp makes a for a nice huge puddle where you do n't want it . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this product and started to apply the product on all of my orchids node on 01/26 . After 10 days I saw something grew on the node so I thought it really work but when I waited a little longer I found out that instead of growing Keiki -LRB- baby orchids -RRB- it actually growing the stem . So this product does n't work as it said , I disappointed with how much I paid for this product . Also , incase someone does n't know how much is 3ml , you should find out first before order it . The tube on the picture is different . I took some pictures of my orchid . let me know if you want to see it . I hope this review will help . thanks .
 I was very impressed with the quality , this is a very well built unit , spreads very well and is very durable.I highly recommend it!The quick release pins are nice also for removing the spreader from your atv . ============ UPDATE ========= the lever controlling the flow gate broke , the alligator clips do not stay on well , the spreader cloges very easily with even smooth fertilizer ... Mine is going back
 Wish I had given this item a closer read to see that its just a nylon bag which might only be usefel as a theft deterrent . Better to throw an old rug over the thing than spend $ 20 on a useless piece of nylon that wo n't even cover the wheels together with the spray wand .
 It fits but it does n't meet with an expectation of lasting very long . It is made of cheap material and I doubt it would last if it was covering outdoors .
 I know generators , this is the ultimate lemon.Used the Briggs powered 900 watt troy-bilt for 4000 hours , ran great until it gradually failed from overall wear , after 4 normal lifetimes for these things.Bought the powermate a year ago . The carburetor is totally sealed , so you ca n't pull it apart and clean and adjust it , nor compensate it for altitude . It runs with a moderate miss - and once it needs cleaning out , which it will as there 's no fuel filter , it will instead need replaced at about $ 150It has a thin plastic choke lever that will break if you do n't treat it like it was made of glass - and will anyway , after a few dozen uses.The on/off switch wires vibrated off after about 10 hours , so I could n't shut it off other than to shut off the fuel and wait . Repaired three times by serviceman . I finally had to fix it myself , reroute and ty-wrap the wires to keep it from doing it again every 10 hours.The gas cap is recessed , so rain gets piped into the fuel tank rather than running off the sides.The fuel tank vent is a plastic plug pushed into the top of the tank . It spatters gas when the tank is full , and after about 50 hours it simply pops out . Result is that it showers gasoline all over the place , and you get the unenviable job of running up to a generator soaked with gas and shutting it off before it blows up and takes anything nearby with it.Repair service poked a new plastic plug in the hole.That 's what 's happened so far - the little noisebox gets on everyone 's nerves , so it has n't got more than 50 hours on it to date!Update
 Coleman Powermate is bankrupt . Do n't expect warranty service or perhaps any ability to get parts until that is sorted out or someone buys them out . Funny how all these online companies continue to sell these items without letting you know that !
 While the the has run reasonably well the recoil starter has broken twice so far . The recoil starter is attached to the engine shroud with RIVETs ! I have n't been able to find replacement parts or service manual on the web.Coleman 's web site no longer mentions generators , so much for support!Next time I 'll just go with Honda.This price is about double what I paid for my Coleman at a Home Depot and I did n't have to pay shipping ! You can find these much cheaper on eBay.Also , my only experience with Grady 's Ace Hardware has been very bad , I 'll never do business with them again . I 'm surprised that Amazon still carries them .
 No instructions comes with the wand . There is no minimum psi rating and this unit does not suck up sand to mix in with the pressure washer water stream . It works by venturi effect and the supplied tube -LRB- 3/4 '' -RRB- probally is way oversized for the 1650 psi unit I have . I read that it works with a 2500 psi unit , which I may rent to get this working .
 I used it with a 3500 PSI pressure washer to remove paint from a driveway . It sucked the sand , but it was not abrasive enough to remove the paint . In fact I obtained way better result with just the water and a very focus jet . I think the issue is coming from the diffuser on the sand blaster device . It 's too big and there is enough pressure on the mix of water and sand to be effective .
 did n't work for hubbies pressure washer . did n't fit . specifications should of been more clearly stated on what years and brands this could be used on .
 the coupler fits the extension hose . but it does not fit the original hose that came with the faip 1500 psi power washer . time to go to home depot . well not really i just honed it out until it fit . just a little work
 I bought this for my mom . It worked okay for a summer , trapping mosquitoes , moths , and flies -- though not all of them -LRB- still , even one dead mosquito equals fewer bites , so we were happy with the unit -RRB- . But then about four months after we bought it , it made a loud zap/snap noise and died . I thought the bulb was blown , so I bought one at the local light bulb store -LRB- almost seven bucks ! -RRB- to no avail . Something in the electrical system was shot , I guess . I wish I could recommend it , but I ca n't . I 'm going to try buying another brand or kind .
 The only good thing I can say about this unit is that , it was inexpensive , when compared to other devices.After only , about a month and a half , the bulbs went out!The fan is very loud ! While it lasted , this device did not catch one bug -LRB- and there were many around within that time -RRB- ! The Dyna Trap catches bugs . Sunbeam lantern zappers worked -LRB- for the short time they lasted but the company no longer sells them -RRB- . This device has been useless.M Calcagno
 I recently tried this . Ran it continuously for a week . It did n't catch a single insect . In fact , I saw a mosquito hovering near it without any affect . I do n't think the light is effective for mosquitoes.My recommendation - go with a Deet spray for daytime and a mosquito net for bed . Mosquito Coils are also quite effective as a repellant - if you ca n't stand the mild odor .
 theres very little `` vacuum '' -- a moquito would have to be dying in the 1st palce and somehow fall in direction of the mouth to `` die '' in the thing . leaving a unit on for two weeks netted one little moquito . the price would buy a decent radio . zero stars other than having a cool UV bulb and another totally ineffective gadget .
 Much like another reviewer I have tested this product to find it worthless . Unlike the other reviewer I actually had flies go into the trap , they landed directly on the light , then flew right out . How does that help ? If you are buying this as a decoration , go for it , otherwise avoid this product .
 I bought one of these last summer . It caught maybe a dozen or so bugs the entire season.I went to turn it on this spring and the bulb started flickering , then went out . I thought it was the bulb and ordered a replacement , but it does n't work either . The fan runs , but the bulb wo n't light.I had the exact same problem with a Stinger outdoor bug zapper ; it quit working after just a single season .
 Put this in my kitchen to get rid of some of the flies.They would gather on top of it and have a party .3 months , 1 dead fly.Like I said ... JUNK
 tried several nights in living room or kitchen where we have got mosquito bites . It has only caught 1 fruit fly and that 's it -LRB- and this proves that we have used it right -RRB- . The noise from the fan is also kind of annoying . This must be returned .
 It seemed awfully quiet , until it became obvious that the fan was n't working . Without the fan , bugs can enter and leave the trap . Even if the unit had worked , checking the trap is awkward , accidentally releasing live bugs is easy , and removing dead bugs is tricky . Did n't bother to return the unit , just wrote it off as a bad purchasing decision . No way to know if the dead fan is a common fault , but this unit will be going staight into the trash .
 I returned it . It is not working at all . Do n't waste your money . Actually , I should give it no star .
 I have a cocktail lounge and have a bad infestation of fruit flies , I have used this unit about a month and I catch at most 4 or 5 flies a day .
 During the times I ran this machine , I caught no mosquitos . I did n't like how loud it was so I placed it outside my bedroom door . Within a few times of using the machine , the flourescent bulb blew out . I read that the bulb blows out fast , but I ca n't believe that it blew out this fast . This is a very bright bulb that is very uncomfortable to the eyes at night when trying to sleep . Plus , it gives off a smell that I did not like . Can anyone recommend something that really does work for inside the house !?
 short and quick it do n't work.The bugs sat on top of the light and did n't get suck in . The only thing that got sucked in was me
 The only thing I would suggest this is for a customer who has an intense fly problem . If you have very few flies that get in the house throughout the day just get a fly swatter . This product wont work for just a few flies nor will it work unless its dark . The light will only attract flies at night and never during the eay unless you live in a cave .
 Sounded like a good idea . My husband and daughter get very swollen from mosquito bites , and suddenly we have been having moths . And we always get some fruit flies , every summer.This is the first one I saw that advertised `` Inside '' . I bought it from Amazon about a month ago and set it up in my kitchen.The way it is supposed to work
 I did n't notice any difference in the bugs , when using this device . Mayb in another environment ... Still using it , but would recommend something else
 Thge fan will wake the dead , I live in Port Aransas and the bugs are real bad . Hard to even go outside to get the mail some nights the mosquitos are so thick . I put this on my porch and It caught like 5 Mosquitos all night . If you put your arm out the door you can have 5 in 1 minute on you . It should have caught hundreds . Forget having indoors because the fan is loud and the light bright . What a piece of junk . Run away from this and its other names Nosquito and honeywell . Shame on honeywell for making this garbage .
 A friend could n't sell this at his garage sale so he gave it to us . After a brief trial it 's going somewhere other than inside our house . It is loud and ineffective . When you empty the tray , many of what little bugs are in it fly out . I 'm going to buy another electric zapper for my kitchen . We live in the country and it is unreal how many insects make it into the house . A zapper does the a good job of keeping the house pest free .
 My first Nosquito trap ran , steadily , for at least 8 years , in an enclosed patio . I did use the replacement bulb , which came with it , and the whole unit died , right after the bulb was installed.My second unit was purchased in 2011 , and lasted just a few months , before the fan died.I 'm getting another unit , only because there 's nothing else , out there , for anywhere near the price.I 'll let you know how that goes ;-RRB- .
 We set this up on the counter after purchasing it from a hardware store . The next day I was eager to see how many bugs were trapped . The answer ... ZERO ! The next evening I literally watched bugs fly by with no hesitation . Not sure what 's wrong with the product or perhaps I plugged it in wrong . Either way I would n't recommend this product .
 There are precious few indoor options available for dealing with flying pests , and this is NOT one of them . It looks and sounds effective , with a fancy light , fan , and a little trap door . It has only ever caught dust bunnies . Save your money .
 too noisy to run in the bedroom with the fan running all night . Defeats the purpose of that noisy 3:00 A.M. wake up call mosquitoes like to give us . I really wished this had worked but it did n't . Last season I was so desperate for a good nights sleep that I sprayed myself with DEET just to keep the little frakers away . The stinger unit would hap-haphazardly catch -LRB- or not -RRB- bugs .
 I bought this thinking it would be an indoor bug zapper . What it is a light with a fan that 's suppose to draw the bugs in with the light into a compartment they ca n't get out of . It does not work !
 I bought this indoor trap , together with an outdoor trap from the same brand , in a 2-pack from Costco two years ago . Two and a half summers later , it has never caught a single mosquito ! A few moths , that 's it . I followed the instructions closely and left it 24 hours a day in the summer days . The outdoor blue-light trap did kill a few mosquitos but not nearly half of them IMHO . This indoor trap is marketed on a heap of lies . It just does not work . Last week the fan stopped running so I threw it away .
 Before I bought this product , I read the reviews of how buyers use it in their children 's bedrooms at night to keep the mosquitoes out . Now that I have used it for almost a year , it troubled me to think of the things that could go wrong if it was used in a child 's room I want to address this because I think it will expose the flaws in the design.Many reviews have complained that it does n't work , but they do n't tell you why.First off , the horizontal slider you see on the front panel is the on/off switch . The on / off switch controls the mosquito enticing light , the fan , and most importantly , the door that opens / closes the trap . Remember , the concept is that as the mosquito or bugs are flying towards the light , their open wingspan get sucked in by the vacuum created inside the chamber by a reverse -LRB- and fairly loud -RRB- fan . That chamber can be removed to release the bugs -LRB- humane , but there 's no reason to be humane to bloodsucking mosquitoes whose contribution to the ecosystem have yet to be discovered and proven -RRB- . Here is the problem
 I 've purchased this item from J&R ; a week ago . I 've tested this item away from the window , near the windows , on the table , on the floor and so forth . All the tests were conducted in the dark at night . Every single mosquito or a fly did n't even think of coming near this unit . They all flew by and none got inside . The fan is LOUD ! Forget about having this unit in baby 's room since it 's loud and the light is bright.This unit is worthless since in 7 days it has n't cought a thing . Very typical of Stinger products . Other person reviewing this item probably works for the company :-RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- ... I only wish flowtron would make similar product ...
 I have read bad reviews by other people , but decided to give it a try anyway . Well , I am sorry for my poor decision , because I am now convinced that this is a pure waste of my money . It catches nothing . I wonder if some bugs do ever get trapped , perhaps the house is so badly infested , and they simply got trapped by chances . I was tring to give it a rating with no star at all , but I was forced to make at least one star . Really , it does not even deserve one single star .
 I bought this last year . I use it indoors to catch mosquitos that have gotten in the house . Over the last two years , it has caught about 3 mosquitos . This year , it has n't caught anything . The fan is not strong enough to really suck mosquitos in and keep them in the trap when the flap is fully open . I would not recommend this product .
 Unfortunately , this product did not alleviate our mosquito problem . We have had it turned on for days and have only caught one mosquito . Many more are flying around mocking us with glee . Also , the problem with this machine is that it is very loud and exceptionally bright . You ca n't have it in your room at night because it 's like having a huge fluorescent light on . Bummer .
 I 'm wondering how this product ever got on the market ? It is junk . From the moment you take it out of the box and feel it 's quality , to when you plug it in and hear the cheap fan motor and see the UV bulb ... you sit for a moment and wonder if this contraption will indeed work . I sat in an inviornment favorable to the mosquito and the flew AWAY from it . NOT INTO IT like it is suppose to be desiged to do . It does not work at all . Ever ! I had it going for hours , just to give it the benefit of the doubt as a consumer . I really thought and hoped it would work , so I threw out the packaging . Only to assemble and discover what a mistake it was to throw out the packing materials so quickly ! My own fault there . Had I kept it , it would have been returned ASAP !
 I have now purchased three of these units . I have purchased repacement lightbulbs , thinking that was the problem at first . These units work fine for the first two or three months ... or if you are lucky , maybe 6 to 8 months . Then the lightbulb goes out . The fan works , but the lightbulb fails . I purchased new lightbulbs . -LRB- Not an easy to replace bulb , either , and pricey I might add ! -RRB- But that 's not it . Open the unit up , and there is way more complexity than should be required to fix a lightbulb ! The failure is apparently in a circuit board -LRB- a circuit board ? in a mosquito trap that is basically a lightbulb and a fan ?!!! -RRB- that is integral to the unit . This is planned obsolesence at its finest . Do n't aggravate yourself . Let this one go without purchasing it . You will regret it .
 Living by a creek ... lots of mosquitos . Purchased 3 units . Within 1.5 months I counted 1 musquito traped within the 3 units ! I have dumped all 3 units to the garbage . I was expecting from Honeywell not to put such a garbage on the market . May be I am wrong in case the machine indeed trapsthe mosquitos and immediatelly makes them invisible ... or may be the mosquitos in Florida are really clever and the machine is made for Alabama mosquitos only.P.S beside the infernal machine makes an anoying noise during the night . If you want to get rid of your mother-in-law I do recommend to buy one and put it in her room .
 Have used it over 6 months with and without octenol . Have found it to be completely ineffective at catching even a single mosquito in the house .
 This Stinger MA06 Insect Mosquito Indoor trap does not work at all . It caught one fly and no mosquitoes in a month . I 've tried it now for 2 months and it 's too late to return but want to make sure people know that it does not work at all ... I only gave it a star because I was forced to put something in that spot . . I deserves no stars at all .
 This is a weak machine , should I actually say `` junk '' ? I have it for three months now , and the only thing it has caught so far was one fly . It makes so much noise due to the built-in fan , apparently this feature is so poorly designed to trap any mosquitoes . This is a cute but useless machine . I decided to put this machine aside last night ... Do n't buy this machine because it does not work .
 I bought this product after reading one of the five star reviews about how this device/contraption captures mosquitoes in the house and prevented her/his baby from getting bitten . This is why I bought this thing and it did not work AT ALL - it did not catch one mosquito . After going through all the reviews carefully , I have to concur with other reviewers about the fact that this is not meant for mosquitoes - the title and description is misleading - and in addition I have to note that the fan IS incredibly weak . Sadly , this did nothing for our baby 's room and we have gotten relief from using a mosquito net and regulating the temperature in the room . Do not buy this if you are expecting or desiring relief from mosquitoes !
 The device is to noisy - much better off getting a bugg wacker type . It was also larger then looked in add .
 I am not going to type a long review why this is bad but get something else . Here are some points ,1 . yes it works the bugs fly into it . So the uv attracts them fine .2 . Trouble is only catches some bugs little nats there is not enought wind for , the big house bugs are strong enought once sucked in to fly out , In fact I usally see them sitting onthe bulb then they just fly away.It might work on misquitos ok but I have other bugs I want to zap . This is to noisy and jsut does n't work on all bugs . I woudl get the real bug zapper and avoid the fan noise and that will kill almost every bug .
 After countless nights of being woken by the incessant sound of mosquitos buzzing overhead , I finally decided to buy the Stinger MA06Insect Mosquito Indoor Trap . Let me tell you , WHAT A WAIST OF MONEY ! I 've tried strategically placing the Stinger in multiple locations throughout the house and I have yet to catch one single bug . In theory , the Stinger should work well , but in practice , it 's complete rubbish ! However , I CAN OFFER YOU A SOLUTION - If you ca n't sleep at night because of mosquito attacks , I highly recommend buying a $ 20 bed net from IKEA . They 're easy to hang up at night and to take down during the day , and they will end your suffering . Hope this helps !
 We tried this last summer , it 's NOT effective . The window -LRB- glue -RRB- fly traps had tons of flies on it , only a couple in the stinger fly trap . Do not recommend .
 This product accomplishes NOTHING . I 've tried it many times , and it has yet to catch even ONE mosquito ! I guess Boston mosquitos know the difference between warm-blooded mammals and a NOISY FLUORESCENT LIGHT ? Go figure . Tonight , with it turned on , I 've been attacked 5 times by at least two different mosquitos -LRB- I know it 's at least two , because I killed one -RRB- . Maybe I 'll design a mosquito catcher that looks like and smells like me , and it will work like a charm -- guaranteed .
 I live in a heavily mosquito infested area and tried using this in my room . When I see a mosquito in my room , I turn this thing on and leave it on all night . I 've done this 5 times and it has n't caught/zapped a single bug . Maybe this does n't work on mosquitos .
 Meh . It works ok . It caught a half dozen bugs overnight , but that 's in an area swarming with mosquitoes . I really object to the company 's insistence in the instructions that you use only SJEW-A extension cord . Do you know what that is ? No ? Neither does anyone at the hardware store . Or on google.Here 's the answer `` SJEW-A Type SJE , but rated for outdoor use at -58 F.What 's an SJE ? SJEHard service cord for general use at 300 volts , rated at -58 F to +221 F , TPE thermoplastic elastomer insulated andjacketed.Insanity , considering this is supposed to be an indoor appliance that uses , what , the standard 110v ? Those types of extension cords are n't even readily available.Just another company trying its hardest to screw consumers out of any possible liability .
 After reading most of the reviews of this product I decided to buy it cause I have an 8th months baby girl and mosquitoes is a real problem in my house . And yes , it still is a problem . The stinger does n't work as the reviews tell , at least for me . And it cost me a lot more cause PR shipping is charged as international shipping nevertheless we use the same US Postal Ssetvice .
 Overall , I really like the concept of the Stinger , but the manufacturer needs to make many improvements to it.I live in NYC and have annoying little mosquitos and bugs that come into my apartment because I like to leave the windows open . I bought this indoor Stinger MA06 Insect Mosquito Indoor Trap as well as the Fly Web Fly Trap at the same time to figure out if they actually work , and if so , which one works better . I was hoping the Stinger would be better because it does n't use glue boards -LRB- which the Fly Web Fly Trap does -RRB- , which can be unsightly after they trap a good amount of bugs.Unfortunately , the Stinger did n't live up to expectations . I plugged in both traps during the night for several nights , and every morning I would see a few new bugs trapped in the glue boards of the Fly Web Fly Trap , but I have yet to see a single bug caught in the Stinger , and there could be several reasons why.First , the fan does n't feel nearly strong enough to suck insects into the trap . Second , the mesh at the bottom of the trap is not fine enough , which makes me think that little fruit flies could have been sucked into the machine -LRB- again , if the fan is strong enough -RRB- , only to escape through the mesh . Third , similar to some of the other reviews , disposing of the bugs , if I ever caught any , would be an inconvenience , since they 'd still be alive . I 'd have to stick my hands out the windows of my 30th floor apartment to let them out and hope that they would n't just fly back into my apartment .
 This product does not work on getting rid of mosquitos and other small flying insects . I followed the directions for using it and I am still getting bitten by mosquitos and other flying insects . I would not have purchased this product if I had know that the ultra violet light was not a zapper to kill the insects .
 Does n't matter how many reviewer claim how good this is . I 've had serveral mosquito inside the house and i 'd left the machine on 24x7 but it cought NONE what so ever . Totally useless !!!
 I bought this to get rid of the indoor plant gnats . It does n't work for this type of insect . I am not sure if it will work at all . It attracts the bugs with the light and traps it . I prefer the machine that zaps these bugs . I 'll see in the summer time if it could get rid of the mosquitos . I 'll make another review later .
 Had this in my office for since September . I work in the country with lots of flies . I do n't think it has killed one bug . Bummer .
 The fan is loud , and very weak . There is an opening at the base of the unit where flying insects can get `` sucked '' in by the fan , however it is too weak and inefficient to grab them unless they are about an inch away from the opening . This opening is closed mechanically when the switch is turned into the off position , and the trap can be removed from the unit . Most house flys and gnats in my house were only slightly interested in the glow emitted by the unit , gnats would land on the outside of the unit , or the wall next to it , but almost none would actually go inside of it . My vacuum cleaner was 1000 times more effective at taking care of a gnat infestation on my window screens . Solitary mosquitoes and house flys were not interested in the light , and were never trapped . Disappointing .
 Never catched any bugs so far even turns it on all day indoor ... disappointed and i am thinking to return it
 This is only a moderately effective mosquito trap . It does n't really attract them . It is the body scent that attracts them , and if they get too close to the fan , then they are sucked in , but I never noticed any of them being drawn to the light . I have had it continuously running for about six weeks -LRB- in Florida , we have year-round mosquito problems -RRB- , and the few mosquitoes its trapped is negligible . It has attracted a few other bugs , but those are n't the ones I 'm interested in killing .
 Save your money . It may work for other flying insects but it does not attract or trap gnats . After one week of dealing with a gnat infestation , the Stinger trap caught one small fly compared to 7 gnats stuck on a 3 X 10 '' strip of sticky plastic film placed on a window and well over a dozen gnats drowned in a small covered plastic container of vinegar with holes in the lid .
 I used this product only a few days before the light which is suposed to atract mosquitos burned out . In those days it caught no mosquitos . -LRB- Our mosquito problem is quite mild , but I bought this becasue my wife seems to be hyper-sensitive to them . The bulb is probably a fluke , but the machine does not seem to be worth the small space it accupies , nor the small noise it makes .
 We have had a bad mosquito season this year . I have purchased a couple units to try to combat this and this is the latest and certainly greatest engineering blunder . I gave it a month 's use . It failed to catch one mosquito . It did manage , however , to attract more mosquitoes indoors with the extremely bright light - they just came to feast and not to rest in the little trap . The problem got so bad that I ended up getting bitten to the point I contracted W. Niles . I squarely blame this unit for 5 weeks of hell.If you buy this , you are making a mistake much greater than the wasted cost of the unit . I am aghast at the danger this mosquito attraction device subjected me and my family to . I can only assume all the positive reviews are affiliated with Stinger - I 'm flabbergasted a device that exacerbates the problem it is meant to solve can stay on the market .
 The Stinger does work but it is advertised as quiet , I agree it is not eccessively noisy but it is not what I consider quiet . Secondly I twice emailed the manufacturer and never received a reply . My third comment is I sat at my counter about 15 feet away from the Stinger , a mosquito landed on me but was not attracted to the Stinger . I am disappointed in its performance .
 NYC mosquitoes are too smart for this device . They fly low and slow , and attack from the rear.My Stinger has been running continuously for a week without a single catch , yet , I get a bite almost every night . Either the light does not attract , or the fan is too loud . It does n't trap even with a CO2 bait.I gave it a 1 even though it does n't work here -- I like its design/price , and will keep it .
 In Virginia we have a serious stink bug issue . So I bought one of these thinking it would help with the problem . I was hoping it would cut down on the population while we are having exterminators work the issue . I plugged this item in and it did n't catch one fly , bee -LRB- yes we still have those -RRB- or stink bug . NOTHING . The seller is allowing me to return it , but I would n't recommend it .
 This is a POS . All it is a bucket with a light source that attracts every other insects except mosquito . Mosquito are attracted to a combination of heat , CO2 , and moisture from warm-blooded mammal like us . If you want to not get bitten spray something with DDT in it like what the Army Corps of Engineers and marines do when they enter the jungles.The new bug zappers have ultraviolet LEDs instead of the expensive to replace fluorescence blub . The LEDs zapper use less energy , and the LEDs last forever and never have to be replace .
 The Stinger Insect Mosquito Indoor Trap did not work properly.The light would come on but the blower was not.I have not been able to use the product so far , and I am not a happy camper .
 June 21 2007 , May 15 , 2007 , June 7 2007 -- suddenly a spurt of REVIEWS ALL GIVING 5 stars , NONE having ANY other reviews but this and all other reviewers -LRB- earlier dates -RRB- giving BAD stars and 1 of them actually having multiple reviews AND giving 1 star ... . well , definitely looks very , very fishy reviews here . I say . . we need to be careful about this one . Also , I checked the Manufacturer 's website , NOWHERE do they mention INDOOR usage or INDOOR generic locations , which I gather effectively means -LRB- a -RRB- Not meant for indoor use -LRB- b -RRB- Fan is loud -LRB- c -RRB- Lamps are bright . Seriously , if meant for indoor use , definitely it would have been highlighted . I do n't think I 'll waste my money buying it , considering the `` fishiness '' of reviews here .
 After trying to cook a thawed out steak of 1 '' thickness on this grill for the first time , I gave up after 45 minutes ! The steak was barely warm . I contacted the manufacturer who first wanted to send me another heating element . But this unit was also larger than I expected , so they agreed to let me return the unit . I had to wash it off and put it back in the box , but at least the manufacturer refunded my purchase price promptly , including the return shipping cost . So I gave 2 stars since the manufacturer was courteous about the return . Perhaps it was a bad heating element but I have never purchased an electric grill that did not work well .
 So I 've stuck this thing to my zapper and have seen very minimal results . It 's in a small area where there are a good bit of mosquitoes , but believe me they have more interest in ME than anything else . There most be something better out there .
 It lures some bugs but we also used it without and got just a few less . So I do not recommend this .
 we have owned our stinger for 2 years-this is the time we had refils that were not effective .
 Yeah you can tell it does attract the mosquitos ... And the boost in zapper kills you get from it versus its cost only justifies getting it IF the mosquito population is very very high . If its not , then do n't waste your money on it.Now what would be a better value is make one for 80 cents that only lasts three or four days . And make it a little stronger . The idea is to leave the bug zapper on for that entire time , and lure 75 % of them into it . Ya know ? Might be good for 12 days or so , before the population builds up again.Anyway , its not very effective , and I 'd only buy it again out of desparity .
 Delivery on time , Item look like Photo and as decribed from seller . Since I plug it in -LCB- month ago -RCB- no one Mosquito has been suck it in and killed ! What a shame ?
 Stinger Mosquito Octenol LureCould not find out if it works because I could not get it to fit in the bottom of the Stinger like the instructions say to do .
 We bought this and the electric cord that comes out is only a few inches long and on top . Ca n't use without an extension cord which would look really stupid if used indoors in our living room . What a peiece of crap . One of the worse products ever purchased . Throwing it in trash , will never buy a Stinger brand product ever again as long as I live . Totally stupid design .
 I have had this unit for just a few days . It seems to be working fine , but there is a fundemental flaw in the design of the killing grid that causes most of the clogging . By removing the lower rung of the outer grid with a pair of wire cutters the clogging problem can be mostly if not entirely cured . To do this , unplug the unit and remove the bulb . Using a torx driver , remove the two screws that secure the lower bulb support to the body of the unit . This will provide access to the grids . Remove the two plastic insulators from the bottom of the grids ; these simply snap on . Using a pair of wire cutters , carefully cut away the lower rung of the OUTER grid ; do not alter the inner grid , as it needs to rest on the upper land of the lower bulb support piece that you removed ; the inner grid will project one rung lower than the outer grid when you are done . Replace the two plastic insulators . Reinstall the base and two screws , then install the bulb . This mod will provide the necessary clearance to allow the insects to clear the grid when they fall . Mine has not clogged since performing this simple modification . As built , the design does not allow the proper clearance between the bottom of the grids gap and upper land of the bottom bulb support piece ; it amazes me that the manufacturer missed this simple modification.After reading many of the other reviews on this product , it also appears that bulb life is rather short for this unit as well . Typically , these units use the primary winding of the high voltage transformer , that energizes the grid , as the ballast inductance for the flourescent UV bulb . This design causes current surges in the bulb whenever insects are being electrocuted on the HV secondary of the transformer , as evidenced by bulb intensity changes when insects are being electrocuted . Thus , shortening bulb life . This thing gets one star only because that 's the least I can give , and I like to tinker with such things ...
 This is not worth a dollar . Worked for a little over a month & quit . On top of that Amazon would not pay for shipping & they charged me a restocking fee for a defective product . By the time it was all said & done I ended up paying about $ 28.00 for a product I did n't keep or could use .
 In common with many of the other reviewers it all starts out with a crackle . The perverse counting of how many flies get baked in the first few minutes of operation is kinda fun till you forget it 's there.Sadly in under 21 days of use it 's dead and no longer energizes the grid looks like this is either fundamentally flawed as a design or QC is lacking.Addendum.The second one that replaced this one burnt out , not only that it melted the top exposing the live wires . This company is not just making poor products but demonstrable dangerous ones .
 I have bought and returned 1/2 and 1 acre Stinger bug zappers from Costco 4 times now in the past 3 years . Thank God I was buying from Costco as Stinger products are worthless . Light attracts them but zappers do n't work . Some worked for a week and others did n't zap at all . I do n't know why Costco carries such a terrible product . I kept thinking , maybe these were a bad batch and I will finally get a good product . Not so , do not buy these products .
 I tried the 1/2 acre and 1 acre versions . The light attracts tons of bugs , but the grids rarely zap one . The bugs fly around in there like crazy . I put a white plastic bucket under each one . After 2 hours there was only a handful of dead bugs in each bucket , even though there were clouds of bugs flying into each unit .
 I recently bought the Stinger UV15 . It worked well for one month ! In that month I followed the recommendations for cleaning it and keeping it clear of dead bugs . Well just shy one month and the grid has completely failed so it attracts the bugs , but does n't kill them . This product is not worth the money !
 I purchased one and it lasted about 3 months ; light still worked but did not kill any bugs attracted to it . Stinger replaced it under warranty-this time it lasted one month-same problem . Stinger replaced it again under warranty and the third one lasted 1 1/2 months , again same problem.Will not go to the trouble to get it replaced again-will buy a Flowtron which I had used 5 or 6 years ago and which lasted for 2-3 years .
 Any of these products can work extremely well only if the grid contacts are secure and the grid itself is not oxidized . Also , one of my 3 units failed because the primary transformer blew.The two 1/2 inch galvanized mesh grids quickly oxidize when exposed to the elements . When this happens , the resistivity on the grid surface increases which retards electrical flow . I noticed this after both of my units failed using a simple volt-ohm meter . Although the grid may appear clean , a minute film caused by weathering acted like insulation and inhibited current flow unless I scratched the surfaces with my tester . Of course , a small insect will merely brush across the mesh and this is not enough contact to cause electrical discharge . Also , the electrical snap connections are very unreliable as far as having a good contact so I solder these directly to the grid.In short , the grids need to be replaced each season . I buy standard 1/2 inch galvanized mesh from Lowes , cut it to the same size , and roll it into a cylinder . Most people probably do not have these means in which case , these units have a very short life span .
 I purchased this product in May 2006 . However , it is not working this year April 2007 . I replaced the 40 watt bulb , but it still does not work . This is not a product worth the expense . I would say that for less that 11 months of use $ 8.00 would be a high enough price to pay .
 I bought this product August 18 , 2012 and experiencd the same problems that most people encountered . In the end , it stopped zapping bugs after about a month . As i looked at the product , the light still functioned , but the eletric grid failed . It seemed to be a recurring problem and I would not purchase another one .
 I bought this product from home depot . Electric grid the first time lasted 4 weeks . I did all the necessary trouble shooting and no solution . I return it to home depot and got a brand new one fresh out the box . This time it only lasted two weeks . You got to be kidding me . I got stung by mosquito the whole summer . Either this product is really really bad or the bugs in my back yard sabotage it . I should of read other people comments on this before I bought it because I am not the only one experiencing this . I am buying different type of zapper with better rating . for get this ultra crappy thing .
 Bugs fly through this dangerous device , but are not killed . They actually were even sitting on the UV bulb , rarely ever getting zapped The UV bulb shorted out after 3 weeks . This zapped is headed for the landfill . What a waste of money .
 Do n't waste your time or your money . These work great , for about 30 days . Then they fail . I just threw away my third one , and am going to replace it with something that has a better customer review rating .
 This product lasted a bit over a month before it stopped zapping . I was actually searching for a replacement transformaer for it when I ran across this opportunity to warn others . For the amout it cost I expected at least a season out of it . Also they make it impossible to disassemble for repair . Stay away .
 In my area the only brand of bug zapper that any storefront sold was Stinger . Each and every one of these bug zappers has failed in 1 year or less . Some burn out with the bulb still working but not zapping any longer . The others have failed where the ballast fails and even a new bulb -LRB- at $ 20 -RRB- obviously wo n't work . Of course you do n't know it 's the ballast until you fork out the $ 20 for a new bulb and find out the zapper is shot . Save yourself the grief and stay away from the Stinger brand all together . Go with the Flowtron and you 'll be a much happier person . Flowtron zappers actually work , do n't plug up like the Stinger brand , and when the light quits working its almost certainly just the bulb and not the entire zapper that needs replacing .
 I bought this at Lowes before I found the negative reviews here . I should have taken it back before I even opened the box , but I thought it might last long enough to kill off the nest of yellowjackets in the outside wall of my house.The stinger would clog with yellowjackets everyday and I had to clean it out and rehang it early in the morning before they started swarming again . After about 6 days , the plastic around the bottom of the grid was so charred that it because almost impossible to prevent it from arcing constantly . No amount of cleaning did any good . At that point the chintzy transformer in the unit burnt-out . It 's now total garbage . Score - Yellowjackets
 This product is absolutely worthless . It will be returned to Costco . While it does attract and kill bugs well the first time , good luck cleaning this thing . It is unbelievably impossible to clean . The black light stopped working and you can never tell whether it is on or off . The door to the lure failed and does not clasp anymore , so there is no way to hold the lure . The instruction manual is poorly written as it does not tell you how to clean once the grids become full of dead bugs.All in all a terrible product and unusual for Costco to carry such a piece of garbage . Just wondering the rate of return must be awful . DO NOT BUY !
 On the Texas Gulf Coast a bug zapper is necessary . I have used many over the last 25 years and for the last 5 years I have bought Stinger products . They are increasingly expensive and more shoddy and poor . This last 40 watt lasted one month last summer and now is BO . Bulb is out AND high voltage grid is BO . These latest models are built so the owner can not take them apart for repair . The Stinger products are absolute JUNK and a total waste of money . I will spread the word and only dream of someday coming face to face with an executive or engineer from that lousy , greedy and crooked company . JM Bowers
 The guys that wrote the 5 star reviews did not wait long enough.My Stinger UV40 worked very well zapping bugs until the bulb went out at 4 months . Tiffany at Kaz customer relations said that the bulbs were `` designed by the manufacturer '' to last for 1000 hours , or 43 days . She intimated that I was lucky to get that long of service , and offered to sell me some more bulbs at $ 12 each.Ain ' t she sweet?I had the same model Stinger UV40 for 5 years previous with no problems . That is why I ordered another one last July . That is the one that died so soon . Live and learn . I have thrown this Stinger UV40 in the trash and have ordered a Flowtron , as the only one that got `` stung '' on the Stinger is me.It is pretty evident that Kaz does not care about their quality control , nor customer relations , or , they are just trying to sell a lot of bulbs.Terry
 Bought a Stinger on May 30th and have been through 3 bulbs and my naighbor has two model upgrades from this model and he already needs a new bulb after a month . I would n't recommend this to my worst enemy
 I needed a good bug zapper and figured I would go ahead and try out this stinger zapper and when people tell you this thing is junk they are not kidding you one bit . I returned mine today after I noticed the starter did not want to light the zapper bulb and as I took this thing down from my hanger I looked towards the bottom and noticed it melted the very bottom of the zapper from where it zapped a large bug , its a wonder it never went up in smoke as well as my front porche . I will never buy another stinger zapper ever again . I would like to say though seriously that while the zapper was zapping it did do a fairly decent job at zapping bugs but another draw back is that it would get the small bugs only and maybe an occasional small moth and I needed it to be for larger bugs because I have alot of june bugs and moths and stuff that need zapped . I also noticed that the grill part that the bugs fly into all it does is holds bugs and this thing is a hassle to clean . I would never recommend anyone at all to get this thing . I talked with my cousin and he said he thinks the zapper he has is a stinger but it is a older model so maybe there older ones were good but there newer line of zappers should not be on the market . I just ordered a flowtron one acre zapper made proudly in the good ole USA and from what I have heard and read they are worth there weight in gold I guess time will tell with that also .
 We have had this bug zapper less than 3 months , and bulb is burned out . Not happy ... those replacement bulbs are not cheap !
 Bought it today and ran it for an less than an hour before it clogged up . Took it down and blew out the dead bugs . Plug it back in and within 15 minutes it clogged up again . This time while I was unclogging the screen the dang bulb dropped out and shattered . Now I have to buy a $ 15 bulb just to return this piece of junk which I will tomorrow .
 Bought 2 of these units at Lowe 's . After about 2 weeks the bulb on one died and I bought a new bulb . Worked for about a week and then that bulb died too . This one is just hanging there waiting for me to replace it.The other unit was hung in the garage . Did n't see or hear any bugs killed by it and then after about a month the bulb went out and I never bothered to change it . Then some months later , I looked up to see the unit was missing . The top of the unit was still there , hanging on the chain . It was chained up properly but the whole bottom just fell off.Honestly , the gooey fly strips did/do a better job.One word review - GARBAGE
 Worked one day , bulb needs a good wack to get started , left a pile of live bugs underneath it since the zapper part stop zapping . Do n't waste your money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Good product if you want to attract bugs so the multiply and produce more .
 Do n't waste your money . You 're better off swatting bugs with a fly swatter -- plus the one I bought did n't even last one year .
 I am on my second unit in a 60 day period , the first unit went up in about 22 days.I sent back the first unit and Amazon sent me another free of charge , now the new unit has quit also , I am returning it to amazon which now will cost me more money because , the Stinger is 35 days old and I will have to pay a penalty for returning it after 30 days . I can say I do n't want another Stinger because neither one really worked any how.Doug from ocean city md
 I bought this about two months ago , and the bulb has already gone out . I do n't recommend that anyone else choose this one over others with better reviews .
 I used this device in my back yard and while it did zap insects , the high voltage circuit burnt out . I did n't realize that once the high-voltage is gone the bug zapper is simply a bug-attractor . I give this two stars because I have had worse experiences with these devices -LRB- including one that died in less than 4 weeks -RRB- .
 I bought one of these units and it lasted one night . CRAP . Now I 'm supposed to send it at my expense to KATZ rather than return it ??? The red light is on , so it is powered , but the light and grid do n't work . This is a crap product . AVOID THIS . I would have given this minus stars if I could have .
 I live out in the country . . and have a lot of bug problems . . I purchased it at walmart and spent an extra $ 3 to get the one year warranty ... . the best investment ever ... The first bug zapper died in 3 days ... took it back , and exchanged it for a new one ... this one lasted 3 weeks before it died ... and took it back for a complete refund ... including my $ 3 warranty ... . overall it 's a good design , and killed a lot of bugs ... but it 's cheap and will break very soon
 I have bought 3 over a 2 year period . The all failed due to defective starters . They do not self clean like the flowtrons and are always clogging .
 Do NOT buy this item ! I have never felt the need to write a bad review on a product ... The first one I got-the electric grid stopped working after a couple days . I took it back and exchanged for a second and the bulb burned out after about a month , replaced the bulb -LRB- half as must as a whole new unit -RRB- and then the electric grid on this one went out soon after . I never left it out in a strom . This product is junk !
 I bought the Stinger this past June to replace a 15-year old bug light that finally gave up -LRB- that one got hung up in the spring , plugged in , and left alone until it was stored for winter , and never had the bulb replaced -RRB- . Due to the design of the grids , the Stinger is constantly clogged ... I have had to add taking it down and cleaning it to my daily morning routine . The bulb burned out after 42 nights ... I unplug the unit every morning . Right now I 'm debating as to if I buy a replacement bulb , or find a different , more substantial bug light .
 I agree with the other reviewer , buy Flowtron instead . My Flowtron 40C lasted 20 years with the same bulb and never had a clogging problem with bugs . For the same price , the Flowtron 40D is a much better buy .
 On my second one now ... Not that I liked it much the first time , just that it is the only brand they sell in the local store here . I will say that while it worked , it worked ... I mean , it killed some bugs ! These , however , are my problems with it
 ... i would . I tried two units and perhaps killed less than ten bugs.My neighbor bought the larger unit and he no longers even bothers to plug it in anymore.Dont even think about buying this product .
 I purchased a 40 wt Stinger Insect Killer from Home Depot last year and the bulb started shorting out after 3 months . Since it was near the end of the season I decided to store it and replace the bulb when I put it out in the spring . The bulb was replaced but would only work intermitently . Insects also clogged it after a couple of days . I gave up on it and recently purchased a Flowtron BK 40 and it works great Do n't waste your money , buy a Flowtron instead -LRB- my last Flowtron lasted over 20 years with the same bulb -RRB- .
 This model is a redesign of the older one that had the wire grid that constantly clogged up . The grid was replaced with vertical bars that enabled the zapped bugs to not clog so they could fall through the unit . Now the really bad news . The new design uses two thin wires insulated with clear plastic that easily burn . If one moth hits the newly designed grid bars where the wires connect them , the unit is shot because the wire will burn through . I 'm on my second unit in 30 days . I 'm returning the second one today and giving up on this model . If you contact the manufacturer , you can pay to ship it back and they 'll send you a replacement in 4 weeks . It 's much easier to return it to the store .
 I bought two of these at a Walmart three years ago and one lasted only one season then just crapped out . Got it replaced free cause I lied about how long I had it then the second one crapped out also ... was not able to get that one replaced . The first one finally gave out as well . They worked so good when they worked but both went out on me . And it was not the bulb ... tried replacing the bulb but finally had to go with a different brand that did not cover as much area though ... we have a BIG yard . . The old ones last for years , what 's up here ?
 I went through 3 of these things over a three month period . I could n't get one of them to work more than a few days . In my opinion , this product made a better bug house than a bug zapper . I just got tired of returning the product last year and will look for a different brand this year .
 My wife & I live in the country w / many insects . So , I bought 2 Stingers . First the bulbs that attrack insects burned-out . Replacement bulbs turned-out to be very expensive ; even at major discount centers -LRB- and do n't last any longer -RRB- . Then , after one season , the plastic casing of the electronic `` zapper '' mechanism literally fell apart . Last night , at the beginning of this bug season , the other Stinger died , although I 'm not sure why . Now , I have two expensive , partially used bulbs and zero Stingers , if anyone knows anyone interested in their lousy bulbs . Phooey !
 Stopped working after 3 hrs ! This zapper is complete garbage . Wo n't work on anything larger than a misqiuto . Had a month infestation and it killed about 2 dozen then just quit workinbg . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I went through THREE of these before I gave up - I thought I was doing something wrong , but when three consecutive zappers fail within two days of putting them up , it 's clearly a product problem . Not even worth considering .
 Bought this unit yesterday evening . I plugged it in as soon as I got home . This unit was broken right out of the box . I will take it back and get something different .
 Wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this dud . The darn thing only lasted one month before it died .
 Used it once last season , and once this season so far , and it has stopped working . Guess a lot of us are having the same problem ...
 This product worked well , while it was working . ` While it was working ' being the big caveat . The unit broke after only 3 months . To get a warranty replacement , I have to pay to ship it back to TN , which will cost more than it cost to purchase the unit . And that was after spending 30 minutes waiting to speak with someone at customer service -LRB- never did get anyone -RRB- and then waiting 3 weeks for someone to answer my emails ! Of course , it broke , just outside the window to return it to Home Depot , what a sly business plan Kaz has going.I say avoid the KAZ brands at all cost ! Or , if it really is your only bug zapping option , be prepared to buy a new one every 3 months and fill up your local landfill with the old ones.I would give 0 stars if I could .
 While I found this item to be efficient for killing mosquitoes , the construction quality is very low-the top , using the hanger provided , pulled lose from the attachment posts and started pulling apart within the first season of use . In addition , the bulbs have life of about six weeks . I will stay away from this brand in the future .
 It worked for 3 months , now the grid is dead . No voltage between the grids . the grid is clean -LRB- have to blow it out regularly - canned air works -RRB- . The bulb that came with it burned out in about 30 days . Not recommended .
 I bought the Stinger several years ago . It zapped bugs straight away for a while , then the light burned out , the the wire grid shorted out . More hassel then it is really worth . If we were n't replacing parts we were blowing it out to keep it going . Save your money . I am going to try the Flowtron , it is contructed as to not clog up . My neighbor has two and they have been flawless for 3 years , every day she has 100s of dead bugs , never has had a problem with hers as of yet .
 I have purchased two round Stinger electric insect killers in the past two months , and each suffered from different problems . The first Stinger worked for about two weeks until the bulb appeared to be burned-out . I replaced the bulb , but it apparently was not the bulb that was the problem as the new bulb did n't light.I purchased a second Stinger and after I unboxed it , I noticed that the outer wire mesh screen was dislodged and resting against the inner screen . I removed the cover on the bottom of the unit in an attempt to reposition the wire mesh screen and found that the plastic clips that are supposed to keep the screens separate are poorly designed and can not hold the wire mesh screens as intended . As I began to replace the cover on the bottom of the unit , and without any sudden motion on my part , the light bulb fell out and broke on the concrete surface of my garage floor.Based on my experience , Stinger 's products are garbage . Look for another brand if you are in the market for one of these devices .
 I have an older home with a custom size sliding door which means I can not just go and buy a replacement sliding screen door from my local huge hardware store : / So , I was excited to see this product and quickly ordered one or should I say 2 , because if you order it directly from the maufacturers website -LRB- as I regrettably did -RRB- they FORCE you to buy 2 ! 2 equals out to be 39.99 there is no way to only order one on their website-I tried , there is n't an option to only order one ! So , I begrudgingly ordered the 2 , figuring I 'd have the second as a backup as I only have ONE sliding door . It arrived quickly and was easy to install - although the included thumbtacks were not enough - I ended up using all the extras included with the 2nd screen ! The velcro adhesive backed sticky tabs included had no mention if they were waterproof ? I had used adhesive backed hooks before & they came crashing down in the 1st rainstorm . Not wanting to have to re-install this screen I opted to use only thumbtacks.I was NOT happy with the quality of the screen material used . - Basically it 's a cheap netting -LRB- with thick lines running verticle -RRB- you can get from a fabric store for 2 bucks a yard ! - it is NOT screen material as I had thought it would be . -LRB- the bendable kind , not the metal kind -RRB- The magnets work but , there needs to be double the amount of them in order for it to close completely and not allow insects in . There are NO magnets along the bottom of the screen at all which leaves it literally flapping in the breeze and wide open to insects ! MOSTLY I advise you make your own as this is an inferior product - mine broke the 3rd day of use - by older adults , no kids or pets . The bottom ribbon just seperated from the screen part for no reason ! Nothing got caught on it , this is just THAT shoddily made and very flimsy . $ 39.99 for something that does n't even last a week is highway robbery ! Steer clear of this inferior , price gouging product . Now I know to look here on Amazon first .
 Not all the parts were in the box - it was missing two magnets in the middle . However , I put it up thinking that if it worked out , I 'd just add a couple of magnets . It looked great when I first put it up . However , the magnets did not automatically close back on a regular basis . I found myself closing them all the time . Then , it got windy and the magnets were banging against the door when it was closed - not a great repetitive sound . To make things worse , as others have said , the sun melted the glue and it fell down . To sum things up
 In my opinion , this product was a complete waste of money . The `` snaps or locks '' were n't magnetic , which is what I thought . They were velcro and did not stick to the doorframe or each other well . The mesh was horribly put together . It looked like an arts and craft project my daughter made at school . Very disappointed with it .
 Not a good product , Not at all what i expected . Very poorly made . A waste of money go to the store before investing .
 It did not fit my door and it was not easy to assemble . I returned it . I would not recommend this product .
 It is kind of what it says - it 's a piece of mesh that has a Velcro top , some weighted washers at the bottom that you can stick to your door-frame . Though , it does look very ` hand made ' and not in a good way . The two I received were cut a little crooked , the Velcro top had a seam that was coming undone just out of the package and in all honesty - this is something I could have done myself ... I thought it was going to maybe be a nice screen curtain - but nope . . also - it says it fits a standard door - well . . its going to have some gaps because it does n't cover from side to side -LRB- which is odd because it comes with some Velcro stickers to put on the sides to hold it down even though I have a standard door and it 's too small . -RRB- But . . it 's ok for what it is . I just have to think of it like I paid my nephew or some younger inexperienced family member with time on their hands 20 bucks to mediocrely put together a piece of mesh and some Velcro . Oh . . and I 've only had mine up for about an hour and the Velcro stickers that are supposed to hold this to the door have come off -LRB- two of them -RRB- so expect to staple the Velcro holders to the door ...
 Screen is okay as far as quality goes , unfortunately it 's not wide enough to cover the whole door opening which means the bugs can still get in . Also the velcro adhesive is WORTHLESS , mine fell off within 2 days ! I guess if you can nail it on it 's okay but we ca n't since the frame is metal .
 thank goodness they were only 9 dollars , they are aweful . They do n't stay up !
 2 Mesh Door ScreensThis screen door was a major disappointment ... it would not stay attached at the top of door frame with the self-adhesive/velcro type fastening . This item is not worth any amount of money .
 It must get very dark at my house , this light does work but you will have a hard time seeing the color of any meat . Its not very bright so on larger grills you may need 2 or 3 .
 Agree with other reviewer -LRB- s -RRB- that this is a great light in that it manages to light the grill surface . It does that very well , but like the other reviewer , when the lid is closed the light remains ON in a very dim manner . Forgetting to turn the light to the off mode ends up running down batteries very quickly . I think that the motion switch does not entirely disengage when the lid is down causing this problem . I have tried changing positions on the handle and that has not worked . I had hoped that given a little time it would fix itself as these things sometimes do , but no luck . I will have to return it and see if another one works like it should . This is not typical of Weber quality .
 This light is great , only thing is that when the lid is closed it does not shut down compleatly so it keeps on draining the battery ...
 All of the above reviews are correct . It is nifty , it iluminates the grill quite well , its a great gadget , etc.BUT I 've had mine for eight months now , and by the third month , it started to loose its grip on the handle -LRB- because of the heat I guess -RRB- , so much that it will not hold its own weight and slides so the light will not iluminate the grill anymore.When you close the lid , this thing is supposed to turn itself off automatically , it did that at first , now it stays dimly lit , so everytime I close the lid when grilling I have to turn it off , this kind of ruins the whole auto-shut-off feature.Please note that my grill is always under a roofed terrace and always with the plastic cover when not used.This product is not up to Weber quality standards , not even close .
 Well , it worked great on some plastic lawn furniture , the deck and surrounding wood structures , and removed grime from the bricks very well . Unfortunately , after storing the washer for less than one month -LRB- inside a building away from the weather -RRB- , a connector in the handle broke and caused the water to leak out of the handle . So it worked once . Oddly enough , after exchaning the product , the exact same thing happened - with extra care in storing the washer the second time . In addition , a relative purchased the same washer shortly after our original purchase , and had the exact same experience . We may not have the best luck , but this was not a good experience .
 Amazon is great , price is great , delivery is great but most of all , RETURN Policy is great . Believe me , you 'll need it for this one.The assembly instructions were virtually useless . The pictures , tiny little pictures , did n't match what you had to do to assemble the thing . Instructions were incomplete and lacked basic steps to finish the job . The wheel assembly is so poorly designed that the wheels -LRB- which are n't removeable -RRB- block the holes so that inserting the screws into the assembly that attaches the handle to the unit is very difficult . Even describing that step in the assembly is difficult . We finally got the screws in with a vice grip . The lettering on the black plastic handle was impossible to read even in full daylight.Couldn ' t get hose in trigger assembly . Instructions omit step to get retaining clip out of handle . Called 800 number for instructions . Got it assembled . After all that , the motor would n't work . Called the 800 number again , they gave instructions and when it still would n't work , they said we 'd have to take the brand new machine which we had just taken out of the box to a service center for repairs . No way.Followed next step . Worked really well . Went back to amazon.com . Followed link to return center , clicked a few times , amazon made it right.Buy a pressure washer but do n't buy this one . Buy a pressure washer , they are a good tool and lots of fun , and make sure you buy from amazon.com who stands behind what they sell .
 It seem they really want to cut the cost down to getting a higher profit margin . It work just for 1st 5 min , then the inlet connector to the garden hose broke . Since , they use a very brittle pastic . During assembly , I already very carfully install the hose . It seem there is no quick way to fix it . The only way you can do is return it to get the credit back.I do n't know why how they pass the realibilty test.Really really bad design and do n't waste the money !!!!!
 I 'll be returning my second washer tomorrow . They do work great when they work , however the handles only seem to be good for about two or three hours of uses before they fail .
 We 've tried to like this product . The first one we ordered arrived broken . The body of the washer was split . It also had apparently been repackaged . We sent it back for an exchange . The second one arrived promptly and appeared to be in good shape . After assembling it , we discovered the GFI tripped on each attempt to turn it on . We tried it in several outlets and even took it to a neighbor 's home which had had recent electrical work . It still did not work.Amazon.com is great on returns . That is the only plus concerning this product . While it may perform well once you get one that is workable , we give up . We returned it for a refund this time .
 I 've read all the reviews and surprised my problem seems to be unique.The entire gun assembly seems to have blown a ga-zillion O rings , washers or whatever . The third time I used it water just started leaking all up and down the gun . I have taken it apart and could not see where some o ring or something of the sort was missing . Put it back together and the ... thing still leaks to high heaven.What 's worse . Do n't remember where I bought it and the instruction manual to advise where to get service disappeared ...
 I bought this unit to replace a similar one that stopped working . The repair shop said that it was n't worth repairing because it was so hard to get parts from Karcher and they were only shipped when Karcher felt like it . It was actually cheaper it turned out to buy a new one.The original one stopped providing pressure after perhaps a total of 4 hours of use over several summer months . The repair shop said that they should tell people not to use them for longer than 20 minutes then turn them off for the rest of the hour . They all fail like that.This new one stopped working after perhaps 3 hours of use all total . The repair place locally was no longer in business . I drove 35 miles to the place that the Karcher service line said was an authorized repair place . They told me that they stopped repairing Karcher products because they were so horrible to deal with and they all fail the same way . They did n't like their customers angry with them because they did n't get their warranty repairs made promptly.A nice Karcher rep on the phone said if I SENT MINE TO THEM FIRST that they 'd send me a rebuilt replacement . It did arrive though the box was pretty battered . I had packed what I sent them well and carefully . It looked like they had used a box that was battered when it left them . It was the end of the warm season so I did n't unpack it completely or assemble it but just checked to see that there was really one in the box.When I went to assemble it several months later , I found that it was all cracked and had several smashed areas on the case.This product is bad news all around . I will NEVER buy another Karcher product . It 's poorly made , requires odd ball very large and hard to find Bristol spline wrenches to disassemble to make repairs and from the experiences of two different authorized repair shops they do n't seem to much care about supporting their product . Any place that does such a poor job of shipping and packing must not much care about their customers.STAY AWAY FROM THEM!However if you 're foolish enough to still buy one , DO N'T run it for longer than 20 minutes then let it cool and rest for 40 minutes or it 'll fail in the pump gasket area according to what the repair shop told me .
 I should have known that something made of plastic would last about as long as something made of plastic !!! . The handle on the unit I purchased blew the internal gaskets on the third squeeze . The pressure was actually not too bad before that happened . $ 5.00 and two weeks later I had the replacement parts from the local service center . As I expected , 3 squeezes later the gun was leaking like a stuck pig . I wrote to Karcher and they are sending me a replacement gun ... FREE OF CHARGE -LRB- I 'll believe it when I see it -RRB- . A new heavy duty gun will run between $ 35 and $ 55 . I think I 'll use that $ 55 towards the purchase of a new commercial grade unit ... and not a Karcher . Oh ... and thanks to the dude who turned me on to `` Pressureparts.com . '' They 've got what you need to fix what needs fixin ' .
 ... I planned some fun activities - washing my car , cleaning my deck and cleaning my driveway -- all the new Karcher K360Mplus 1600 Pressure Washer that arrived this past Friday.I did some early morning chores and then headed outside for funtime . I opened the box , read the manual , got my tools and 2 hours later I 'm writing this letter . My car is dirty , my deck is dirty , and my driveway is dirty still . Water never ran through the unit -- and here is why.Problems ensued :1 -RRB- when inserting the portable stand - one of the plastic inserts was broken . Sorry - I 'm using my terminology - so bear with me . I secured the two pieces with 4 screws anyway cause I was so anxious to use the unit . I just figured I 'd call Karcher and you would send a new piece and then I 'd replace the broken piece .2 -RRB- I nearly got everything assembled and when I tried to attached the gun wand to the pressure hose . I 'd pull out the spring on the side -LRB- it 's not really a spring -RRB- but the gun would just not stay inserted .3 -RRB- I tried to attach the extender wand attachment to the gun . The extender wand would not screw on tightly to the gun wand . The collar -- I 'd screw it clockwise and it never tightened .4 -RRB- None of the other attachments would insert and stay attached to the gun.OK -- either the gun is broken or I 'm stupid or your equipment is not intuitive . In any event -- I wo n't be buying another Karcher tool . I wasted too much fun time on a holiday and have zero to show for it ... A disappointed consumer .
 I purchased a Karcher 330 last year and it worked very well for cleaning stairs and siding on the house . This year when I set out to do the same cleaning tasks it developed a leak in the plastic housing that the water hose connects . I finally found a company that sold parts -LRB- pressureparts-very good co. -RRB- and I ordered the part . After installing the new part , the machine now will not shut off . I 've tried unsuccessfully find a repair shop -LRB- in the US -RRB- to take the machine to for diagnostics / repairs . It 's very frustrating to learn that the only repair shops are in the UK and Ireland !!!! Why does n't this company have any support facilities in the US where they sell these machines ?
 The valve in the trigger handle is very weak . I purchased a unit and was initially very pleased . On my recommendation , my mother-in-law also purchased one . We have each replaced the unit three times under warranty -LRB- a total of six -RRB- becasue the valve would self destruct and water would pour from the handle . My last failure was on the low pressure setting and during only the second use of the replacement . Save your money and buy quality in another brand .
 I purchased my pressure washer a couple months back . I had assumed this would be a quality product , and it did infact work well for a few months before the trigger handle started to leak causing the pressure to drop considerably . The problem was a cracked plastic washer inside the handle . The folks at Karcher were very nice and explained that had I saved the receipt I would n't be out the -LSB- money -RSB- for a replacement handle that I now am .
 Well , it worked great on some plastic lawn furniture , the deck and surrounding wood structures , and removed grime from the bricks very well . Unfortunately , after storing the washer for less than one month -LRB- inside a building away from the weather -RRB- , a connector in the handle broke and caused the water to leak out of the handle . So it worked once . Oddly enough , after exchaning the product , the exact same thing happened - with extra care in storing the washer the second time . In addition , a relative purchased the same washer shortly after our original purchase , and had the exact same experience . We may not have the best luck , but this was not a good experience .
 I purchased my 330M a couple of years ago and , true , it did work well for a time . However , now I have an expensive piece of junk -LRB- attachements extra -RRB- . The problems I 've encountered began as low pressure and progressed to no power.I would gladly pay to get this unit repaired , but , according to the fabulous customer service staff at Karcher , I need to bring it to either Des Moines or East Grand Forks -- I live near Minneapolis.I was told this by a rep after using the 800 number service center directory . Every listed service center near my home either do not repair electric Karcher units or never did -LRB- I am still trying to figure out how they pick their business partners -- several had never worked on Karcher products . -RRB- After countless phone calls , many minutes on hold and several emails -LRB- no one ever even replied -RRB- to Karcher I finally spoke with a live person who informed me to travel several hundred miles to repair a hundred dollar machine.Forget it . I 'll let my dollars vote for me . Karcher will never see another dime out of me and if asked I will tell all to avoid Karcher products . If Karcher 's goal is to ignore/anger customers I must say ` nicely done ' .
 I bought this unit to replace a similar one that stopped working . The repair shop said that it was n't worth repairing because it was so hard to get parts from Karcher and they were only shipped when Karcher felt like it . It was actually cheaper it turned out to buy a new one.The original one stopped providing pressure after perhaps a total of 4 hours of use over several summer months . The repair shop said that they should tell people not to use them for longer than 20 minutes then turn them off for the rest of the hour . They all fail like that.This new one stopped working after perhaps 3 hours of use all total . The repair place locally was no longer in business . I drove 35 miles to the place that the Karcher service line said was an authorized repair place . They told me that they stopped repairing Karcher products because they were so horrible to deal with and they all fail the same way . They did n't like their customers angry with them because they did n't get their warranty repairs made promptly.A nice Karcher rep on the phone said if I SENT MINE TO THEM FIRST that they 'd send me a rebuilt replacement . It did arrive though the box was pretty battered . I had packed what I sent them well and carefully . It looked like they had used a box that was battered when it left them . It was the end of the warm season so I did n't unpack it completely or assemble it but just checked to see that there was really one in the box.When I went to assemble it several months later , I found that it was all cracked and had several smashed areas on the case.This product is bad news all around . I will NEVER buy another Karcher product . It 's poorly made , requires odd ball very large and hard to find Bristol spline wrenches to disassemble to make repairs and from the experiences of two different authorized repair shops they do n't seem to much care about supporting their product . Any place that does such a poor job of shipping and packing must not much care about their customers.STAY AWAY FROM THEM!However if you 're foolish enough to still buy one , DO N'T run it for longer than 20 minutes then let it cool and rest for 40 minutes or it 'll fail in the pump gasket area according to what the repair shop told me .
 The power washer is poorly constructed and is mechanically flawed . The one I purchased worked only -LRB- poorly -RRB- the 1st time I used it . The 2nd time the electrical motor burnt up . It went to the dumpster where it belonged - along with the $ ... plus tax and shipping that I paid for it.The company who manufactured this should be ashamed of itself for putting such a poor product on the American market . If they do n't like my evaluation sue me - I am a lawyer .
 When the pressure washer was delivered the box looked like it had been opened previously and resealed . When I opened the box I found it to have been haphazardly packed , again raising concern that it was a prior return . When unpacking the parts I observed that the main component had all kinds of scuffs on it , and the black plastic handle was broken in one place and cracked in another . I assembled the machine , working around the broken handle . When testing the machine the motor just squealed and pumped water at the same pressure as the garden hose it was connected to . I had to dissassemble the whole thing and return it -- which is quite an inconvenience given the weight and number of pieces.I assumed that the unit I got was a fluke and asked for a replacement product , which I rec 'd about 1 week after shipping back the first . My experience with the second shipment was the same as the first . Box was all beaten when it arrived , had clearly been opened before it got to me , and after opening the box I again found that the black plastic handle was broken -- this time to the point that there was no way to even try to assemble the unit.The build quality and/or shipment quality on this product is very poor . Thus far Amazon has been responsive and easy to work with . They coordinated the exchange with no problem on the first product and I 've just started the return process on the second defective unit . Of course there will not be a third try .
 When it 's new and before the plastic parts starting breaking apart , it gets the job done admirably . Follow the directions to the letter , treat it very gently and it just may last you a while . The problem with this unit is that it is just so cheaply built it 's ridiculous . It could also be that it 's powerful for it 's own good , because the trigger valve is often the first thing to go . According to a long-time repairman in the power washer business , this is often referred to as a `` throw away '' unit .
 I bought this for my husband last Valentine 's Day from Amazon.com . They sent me the wrong model 3 different times and when I finally found a phone number to call them they told me that the information and picture on the website was incorrect and that they were actually selling the K205M Model -LRB- Not Plus -RRB- which sits on the ground , Has no wheels or handle and it has only 2 attachments . I sent them ALL back and refuse to buy TOOLS from Amazon since . Needless to say I ended up buying the real K205M Plus from ... -LSB- another store -RSB- and I ended up paying less anyway !
 I have been using these valves for about 4-5 months now and had nothing but trouble with leaks . I have 2-1 inch valves and 1-3/4 inch valve . All of them have trouble leaking . I have even gone to the lengths of taking them apart and wrapping teflon tape around the thread around the manual pressure adjustment and checked for debris that may have been clogging the valves up but nothing helps . I do not recommend these valves in my opinion , but I can not think of any other reason they could be leaking .
 I am a master gardener and have tried pretty much every additive , bio and synthetic supposed plant helper on the market . I have actually done controlled experiments with this product on 5 peppers -LRB- 5 with 5 without -RRB- and found ABSOLUTELY NO difference with it . No difference at all ! Im sure it has vitamins in it as it smells like one in the bottle but you can get better results with natural AZomite for a ton cheaper . Dont expect a jack in the beanstalk story because its not magic and its nothing special but a multi vitamin in a bottle . Its hokus pokus claims in my book . Just look at the label and see the circus and claims which are NOT proven or proof . Stick with good old fashioned compost and it will blow you away . FYI , the seller of this product Hydro Harrys is a great outlet with great products and selection . Its where I buy all of my hydroponic supplies and the ONLY reason I have given this 2 stars rather then 1 . Thats has to count for somethin ...
 I will give this neither a thumbs up nor thumbs down . Everything I 've tried it one , I ca n't seem to tell any difference at all in growth or vivaciousness . I think most of it is aqueous Vit B which is cheap . Hormones ? Who the heck knows . I am going to pour some on half my tomatoe plants every few weeks this summer as another test . Otherwise I have a feeling I have just been scammed .
 this stuff was sold to me and it was supposed to save the world . Brings dead plants back to life , they claimed , and dont use more than a drop , they claimed . Well , i have tried it in many plants , using varied amounts , and I never saw it do anything good yet . Not only that , but the stuff made the bottle cap close so tightly that nothing could get it open again , so whatever I had left , I was unable to get use of , even if it did work . Do n't waste your money . One look at the label and all the nonsense printed on it should convince anyone that these people are lunatics and that the product is no more effective than toilet or tap water .
 I have used this stuff for years on tomotoes but it works on any thing that grows . It was shipped on time . Rick
 I knew when I bought this tool that the handle looked a little fragile for my needs , it flexes and distorts easily . Sure enough , after digging a few holes this spring , the handle broke off while twisting though some light surface roots . The design and features for the planter are wonderful , but it needs a steel handle .
 Anyone who has planted bulbs in less than perfect , loose soil knows that digging the holes can be a chore . The Bulb Hound looked like the answer . I grew up planting bulbs as a kid . We used either a hand trowel or a steel bulb digger . The Hound appeared to be a major improvement on both with jaws to release the excavated dirt and a comfortable handle to hold onto . The handle is the problem . To dig down to bulb depth -LRB- 4-6 '' -RRB- , sometimes you need to twist to clear small roots and otherwise hard soil . The handle , which is plastic , bends when you twist it so you ca n't generate enough torque . The handle should be solid steel and wide enough to really get a good grip . Plus , the rivets holding the handle on the stalk are already failing after 60 bulbs so a breakdown is inevitable . If you have super-light loose soil , this would probably work OK , but in that case a hand bulb digger would work fine and cost one quarter as much . This is just not the work-horse I had hoped for and I am returning it .
 Do n't twist is right ! My unit 's plastic handle cracked before I could make a dozen holes . Will seek a new planter that has a usable handle design . The rest of the unit is built of steel , but the flimsy handle makes the whole design worthy of the trash heap . Keep looking .
 This is the great product . For the first three holes.Unfortunately , after three holes , the handle will snap and you 'll be left with a $ 25 garage ornament . Had they built the handle from metal , this would be an amazing bulb tool . The way it is built , however , it 's only a waste of money.If Hound Dog ever fixes the handle , though , it will be a great product .
 Dutch Elm Disease is the cause of the massive reduction in the number of American Elms in the United States . There are over 40 cultivars , or sub-species , of this elm ; the ONLY types verified to show resistance to Dutch Elm disease -LRB- DED -RRB- are the cultivars Valley Forge , Jefferson , Princeton , and New Harmony , with American Liberty being currently disputed as a Dutch Elm resistant strain . The seller here does NOT tell you which cultivar this is . Great , so you get 33 out of 40 of your seeds to germinate . How many will live to be 10 years old once planted if they are not a resistant strain and get DED ?
 I got this Radio and tried it for a few days just to reveal that it 's working only on AM in good clarity . FM was noisy and a lot of static no matter how I pointed the antenna . The TV stations hardly picked up and when it did it was only standing close to a window . The rest of the features i.e the flashlight and other non-radio worked fine . I could not bring it to the Weather mode even though we had a few very stormy days in the area . The radio remained silent with no alert.All in all ' it 's not a bargain and it 's not worth the price , not even after the discount . The only good thing in this radio - assuming it would have worked properly - is the cranking of the battery in case you 're running out of electricity and batteries .
 I purchased this radio about year and a half ago to use on my desk at the office and in power outages . I can not recommend it.SOUND QUALITY LOW - So far , I have only used it at the office . For the relatively low price , I expected that the sound quality would not be that great -LRB- since its of course an emergency / portable radio -RRB- . It is not great but not bad for the size and price of the radio . As another reviewer mentioned , this is a radio designed for things other than high quality sound . -LRB- Think AM station quality and you 'll have the right idea -RRB- . ANTENNA BROKEN - What is more bothersome is that , even though it has n't left my office and has only seen limited use , the antenna has already broken off.POWER CORD/ATTACHMENT - The power cuts out because the AC attachment wo n't stay connected properly -LRB- the charging light keeps cutting out until you adjust the cord , then it comes loose and the AC cuts out again ... over and over -RRB- . TUNING DIAL - The tuning dial seems to be difficult to turn now , again even after just limited , indoor use . It turns a little , then gets difficult to turn and you have to play with it to get it to turn further.PORTABILITY - This radio comes with a rather nice canvas bag with a shoulder strap , which I have not used but like . Its a little too snug for the radio but is convenient and looks a little like Spock 's tri-corder on the old Star Trek . So for portability this radio is a good option -LRB- if its working -RRB- . POWER OUTAGE - The power crank and other buttons on the radio are well-designed and have certainly met my expectations . A few winds and you can listen without a cord.If not for the design problems mentioned above , I actually would like this radio a lot . Basically the radio is just not durable - at least not the one that I received . I would have expected it to break if I abused it or used it in harsh conditions , but that has not been the case ; it has n't seen that much use.I have since purchased another radio , Radiosophy -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , which I like very much so far -LRB- in fact , I like it so much , I use it at home -RRB- . It has HD and preset buttons -LRB- which this radio does not have , causing me to spend too much time turning the now failing tuning dial -RRB- . But unfortunately , although it is small it is not as portable , which this one clearly is . It also does not have the crank feature for power outages - but its not intended for that purpose.I 'm going to get another radio for emergencies . But I keep seeing Eton radios and the only other one I have found is Freeplay , which I will research next . My father has a Freeplay radio with a solar panel and crank and likes it but it is an older model and is not as portable -LRB- though he does take it outside and use it without a power cord -RRB- . I should add that I am still trying and researching these radios -LRB- radiosophy and freeplay respectively -RRB- ; so I ca n't say much else about them yet.If you want a portable radio and do n't want to spend much , you can get this one -LRB- the FR400 or similar -RRB- and maybe your experience will be better than mine . Otherwise , you may want to search for a better radio and consider spending a little more.I 'd write more but I see that the power cord is loose again ... Good luck to you .
 We returned this Eton radio because it takes an unbelievable amount of cranking -- about 10 minutes per hour of use ! Not a problem if you plan to use it plugged in or just for emergencies ; but we 've lived in a home with no electricity for 30 + years so this is an important feature . Eton was fine in handling the exchange/return of product/money . We now are happy with a Freeplay radio we ordered from amazon.com which plays several hours for much much less cranking than this one required per hour .
 The functionality of this radio is fine , but design flaws make it questionable as an emergency preparedness item.It seems to get good reception , the controls are easy to use , and it has a lot of useful features , like the flashing light and cell phone charger . However , serious flaws in the design mean that I would n't rely on this for emergency use . The control switches protrude from the surface and move with light pressure , which means it 's easy to accidentally turn the radio on by jostling it and run down the batteries . This is made worse by the included case , which is very tight -LRB- I had to tear out the inner lining to get the radio to fit in it -RRB- ; it 's almost impossible to get the radio in the case without turning it on . And there 's no room in the case for the A/C adapter , cell phone charger adapter , or spare batteries . To have this ready for an emergency , you 'd need to find a different bag for it , and remember to take out the batteries each time before storing it , to prevent them from being drained , which has happened every time I 've stored this with batteries loaded.The cell phone charger adapter is not actually included ; you have to send away for it using a mail-in coupon that comes with the radio . Mine never arrived . At the least , they could include an adapter for the micro USB style connection that many current cell phone models have converged on.In short , this would be all right for a daily use item , but falls short of the reliability and usability you 'd want for an emergency preparedness item . There 's got to be a better alternative .
 Apparently there 's a huge number of `` consumer-friendly '' emergency radios out there that are marketed as these great `` emergency preparedness '' tools but which do n't quite meet real-world expectations . I , for one , really wanted a reliable weather radio that would alert us automatically when a tornado was on the way . You can indeed set this radio to do that.I also wanted a radio that could serve us during an emergency with no power , and this seemed great for that
 I 've had my FR-400 for a year now and mostly had it in its bag -- which is made too small for the unit to be taken out of and put back in . The bag is too small for the radio ! The poor design extends to the antenna which broke off today . I 've extended the antenna maybe 3x and now it 's broken . I did n't abuse it either.Another complaint is the on/off knobs protrude so far from the unit that when you try to put it in its undersized bag , they turn on and run the batteries down without your knowing.Lastly , if you 're trying to operate the generator knob with your left hand while looking at the front of it and holding the radio with your right , there are no more hands to operate the tuning knobs or volume . It might work if you had another person helping you , but if not , I 'd stay clear of this model ... maybe of Eton in general .
 I bought the camouflage version of this radio , tested it once , and stored it for emergency use . Tonight we had a power failure and pulled the radio out to use the light function . After cranking for a few minutes I discovered that every function worked EXCEPT for the light . Second use , and already part of it 's dead , and it 's the light of all things . Not impressed .
 I really wanted this radio . I like the looks of it , but I had a couple problems with it . At first it would n't charge . I could use the batteries and pick up a weather channel . Eton sent me a new rechargeable battery , and it did n't work either . Then I realized that the connector was loose . Then the charge held , but now I could n't pick up a weather channel . Not even static . The radio looked good , customer service was great , but the radio was not . I 'm afraid to buy another .
 I own about 10 different weather radios of various prices , styles , and brands . One of them is an Eton . My other Eton is a very capable radio but certainly not my best . -LRB- Read my other reviews for my opinion of which ones are -RRB- . This particular Eton I do not own , but was able to see and use up close in an electronics store . It has a nice compact design and got fairly decent reception . However for the price of it where I saw it , -LRB- $ 58 -RRB- and the price they want it for it here , its as extremely overpriced as an AM FM weather radio can get . It offers absolutely nothing in its design or performance over anything else I own to justify such an outrageous price . I think Eton seems to sucker in a lot of buyers for their radios for they are one of the oldest and best known radio company 's around . But so is `` Midland '' and their portable unit similar to this is more than $ 20 cheaper , and a whole lot more rugged as well . Take it from someone that owns a variety of such radios as this . This is not the same Eton radio your father owned and not worth it . Whether you 're interested in a radio for its AM or FM , or just for its weather , do not pay $ 60 for this unit . There are far better choices for a lot less money . Do yourself a favor and shop around ...
 Well , what I received worked well and seemed to be of descent construction , but it was n't what I ordered . I 'll change my review if the RMA works , but it seems that Eton has two models listed under 1 model number which is a terrible idea for the very reason that it causes problems like the one I 'm experiencing . For $ 60 I expect to get exactly what I ordered . A good quality TV/AM/FM and weather band radio that can run on battery or be hand cranked.Here are the tech details directly from Amazon : `` Technical Details * Hand crank power generator is ideal for emergencies * Provides you with an emergency siren , water resistant radio , LED lights , and a cell phone charger so you can contact help * Can receive power from four different sources
 It has wonderful features , but I was unable to pick up my two local NPR stations ! We tried and tried , and though we are not more than five miles from one of our local stations , there was absolutely no reception . Perhaps it was just a lemon , because I have n't read this criticism anywhere else . I may try another one , because other than that I thought it was great.Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator -LRB- Red -RRB-
 Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator -LRB- Red -RRB- Grundig was the TOP-OF-THE-LINE , in radios ... . From the other reviews it appears that I must have received a lemon , from the bottom of the basket.After the recommended A/C charging time , the radio played about 15 minutes . After charging , a second time for 24 hours , it played about 1.5 hours before going stone dead.When it did work , the stations failed to come in clearly or distinct . BIG BUMMER , all the way around !!!! How much fun it was to be camping , during a rainstorm , with NO light , or radio.The topper is that the cell phone charger failed to arrive before we left on a camping trip . As of this date , it is still conspicious by its absence.Grundig , where did your quality workmanship disappear ????
 If the manufacturer did n't lie in the product specification , I would give the radio a 3-star . As oppose to the manufacturer 's specification , this radio :1 -RRB- is NOT water proof . This becomes pretty apparent , once you hold a unit in your own hands ; 2 -RRB- does NOT include any cell phone charger connector ; 3 -RRB- does NOT have a really sturdy build . This becomes pretty apparent , once you hold a unit in your own hands.Also , the FM radio receiver is very crappy . I frankly do n't understand why the manufacturer did n't bother to install a decent FM radio receiver , which should n't be too much to ask in these days .
 Since I did not receive either a direction manual or a warrenty I am very dissatisfied .
 The Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio arrived in very good condition . I was very pleased with the whole transaction . The box was in excellent condition , as was the radio . I was very pleased with it . I would recommend the radio to all of my friends .
 I was really excited about this Eton hand crank radio . However , I soon realized several problems : # 1-It says to crank it at the speed of two revolutions per second for 90 seconds , and the charge should last 30 minutes . Actually , the charge only lasts 10 minutes . # 2-The cellphone adapter that the company sent me fits into my cellphone , but does not fit into the radio ! This renders it totally useless as a cellphone charger . # 3-FM channels get all staticky once you set the radio down . It seems that if you 're holding the radio , your body acts as an antenna but once you go away from it , it instantly gets all this static.To sum it all up , let me just say this -- great idea , peeps , but poor execution .
 Antenna is flimsy , and the tip broke off the FIRST TIME I tried to collapse it after use . -LRB- Feels like plastic that looks like metal . -RRB- Radio wo n't get a good signal unless standing near a window.Has `` phone charger '' port , but does n't include adapters.Overpriced . -LRB- For $ 59 , it should be a bit more `` sturdy . '' -RRB- If you 're looking for a REAL emergency radio to last you through your next crisis , this is n't it . This is just a novelty radio , similar to what you 'd win at a carnival after winning the balloon-dart game .
 i wound the crank at a steady pace for 5 minutes each time i have tried to use it . it worked twice for about 30 minutes each time , and now it does n't hold a charge for more than 15-20 seconds.it still works if i plug it into the wall or if i put batteries into it but the advertised emergency use of the hand crank generator is of no use at all . this renders it no better than any other radio for emergency use.it is quite a bit more money than other radios of similiar quality -LRB- meaning cheaply built -RRB- . i would not purchase this radio if i had it to do over .
 This radio could not even tune in stations , both AM & FM , that I can get on a walkman that 's years old . I bought a Sony ICF-SW/7600GR . I works extremely well , is compact , though it does n't have a crank and is more expensive . I got it for $ 61 on an auction site .
 I own a small commercial pest control business and we like to use a small hand held sprayer for apartments . This unit is a great idea . . but not very reliable or durable . Also for evey 12 we purchase . . we avarage two defects . B&G makes the best sprayers . . but this one does n't live up to their reputation ... too bad .
 They send me a different and cheaper one than in the picture they advertised with . I could have bought the one they sent me for $ 2.00 at the Family Dollar store locally . Do n't even think its made by B&G . .
 I ordered this metal detector on 11/16 and received an email that it had shipped on the same day . Then when I had n't received a couple of weeks later , I sent an email to the company . The reply I received was incredibly casual , stating that I should have been notified that the item was backordered . I never received notice of a backorder , because I do n't believe it was backordered when I placed my order on 11/16 . They offered me a similar product , but I have absolutely no interest in dealing with this company .
 Contrary to the description , this product does not repel insects or cockroaches -LRB- I do n't know about rodents since I 've never had any -RRB- ; it makes a loud buzzing noise ; my cat hates it -- she hisses at it , so I figure she is bothered by it . Find another product ; this is not worth the money .
 This thing does n't work at all.It is the worst product I have ever wasted money on.Do not waste > YOUR < money .
 This house has no drainage and is cheaply constructed . It opens from the bottom , not the top , and the door does n't use a screw or latch , instead it 's a ` snug fit ' closure - which means it 's difficult to open without jostling the contents -LRB- even more so once the wood swells -RRB- . There are better houses out there in the same price range -LRB- e.g. , Garden Treasures -RRB-
 These bluebird houses are made out of cedar wood . The wood is only 5/16 thick . Out of the 4 boxes I ordered 2 of them had damage to the corner of the roof . One has a huge corner broken off and the other has a cracked corner . I have not decided to just repair them and use them or return them . You get what you pay for they were only $ 14.22 each .
 This `` bluebird '' house is not built in any way to the specifications that real bluebird houses are supposed to be . Birds are picky , and want them a certain way . These are cheaply made , in China , might last one season . And , as I said , are NOT bluebird houses . I sent mine right back . Do not buy this , if you are looking for a real bluebird house , that will actually attract bluebirds .
 I purchased this Wren house a few months ago . None have moved in yet so I relocated it to a spot where they had nested previously . The day after I moved it , disaster struck ! What happened was that the round wooden stick that runs the length of the apex of the roof , and to which the hook attaches , became detached from the house and the house fell to the ground . Just two staples attached the house to the hook bar and they easily separated . I used a nail gun to reattach the hook bar to the house so hopefully it will stay attached.Edit -LRB- 2/2012 -RRB-
 It looked very cute bird house . I liked its simplicity , however the parts came off in a few months . It was not well assembled and I was very disappointed ...
 I bought this product with good intentions more as a preventative measure . In the many years I have lived at my house , I 've only seen a bug on occasion . -LRB- Our house is sprayed monthly by a pest control company . -RRB- However , I saw a bug this morning and I no longer have my false sense of security . The bug was in the same room as the device . So , I feel I wasted my money .
 Bought 4 of these for a remote cabin that does not get used every weekend to help keep the rodents away . Sadly it has not worked . The mice still come in and eat the rat poison trays . Wish it did work .
 The mice and ants sit around and laugh at you . Do n't waste your time or money .
 This product does n't work on roaches . I 've seen them walk right up to this device and stand next to it . Another dream crushed .
 The tire was said to have a 4 '' hub but it had a 4.5 '' hub . The item was returned but I lost $ 10 each way on the shipping Total of $ 20 . Using the same company -LRB- Mowtownusa -RRB- I ordered another tire that was more expensive , my mower was listed for a fit and was also with an advertised 4 '' hub and it also had a 4.5 '' hub and looked exactly like the first one.I again lost $ 10 each way on the shipping The new total for shipping is $ 40 and nothing in my hand.I was told that the last return shipping would be returned but it was n't . I will not buy anything from Mowtownusa again .
 I think these lights are great but you cant find a recomnded trainformer for them or order them from canada
 The fixture looks very nivce , but your measurements leave me confused . According to your description , this fixture `` Measures 32.5 '' in length , 15.5 '' in width and 4.75 '' in height . `` If this is 4.75 inches high , what good will it do for lighting my sidewalk ? And if it is only 4.75 inches high , what are the other measurements listed.Do I have to lay the fixture -LRB- or myself -RRB- on its side to measure it ? This method will probably be useful after I trip in the dim light it casts from 4.75 inches above the sidewalk , and I want to get all of the correct information immediately into my lawyer 's hands.Does anyone edit your information ? Can I trust the remainder of what you print ???
 These are pretty garden lights . BUT break easily . The metal rod breaks off from the plastic stem of fixture stake . This pastic fixture stake , once in the ground , is supposed to support the metal light fixture . There is no way to repair it .
 Well I did receive the seeds and in good condition , but i think you or they may have sold me regular grass . It is sprouting now and looks nothing like any Yucca I have ever seen in the wild.I hope I 'm wrong .
 We 're very disappointed with this purchase . The fixture is not water-tight . After rain the glass lantern fills with water and when the light comes on the bulb burns out . The bulbs do n't last very long and between the water and normal replacement we are constantly replacing bulbs . AFter a 2 week vacation we return to find 1/2 of the lights are out . Also , a lawn mower bump broke the swtem easily on one light . I think I could have found better quality for a lot less .
 I have a similar experience with the same fixture but different finish . What actually seems to happen is that the water trickles through the wire connection in the top and drips on the bulb . I have four fixtures and I 'm usually replacing a bulb every couple weeks .
 I 've had a set of these for about four years and have had similar experiences with bulbs burning out due to water infiltration . I even tried sealing the small openings with silicone sealant and that did n't help . I 've also had problems with the upright `` post '' section becoming loose because the threads on the in-ground part deteriorated . I 'm going to pull these lights up and see if I can get the manufacturer to replace them with another style or give me a refund . The only reason I did n't give them 1 star is because they are very attractive and the finish has held up very well .
 It 's hard to order when not enough information is given .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 Like the product , ordered 3 of them at 3.45 each - but we were charged $ 19 shipping for products costing a little over $ 13 - I wo n't be using Amazon 's one click shopping or this seller again .
 Do n't buy this product . The feeder hose comes out of the box at ground level and thus must make a 90 degree turn . The hose was kinked at this point as it came out of the box . There is no way to fix the kink . The only possible way this product can be used is if the left side is hung out over a deck or step so the hose can come straight down and make a gradual turn . I went to ACE and got an elbow and some hose clamps to make the turn . No way a customer should have to do that!Johnny
 I 've used Eagle cans for at least a decade . They are safer and sturdier than the common plastic cans . My existing kerosene and gasoline cans have held up well over the years . This can is an example of shoddy workmanship .1 . The plastic handle pulled off on the first use . The rivet was not closed and slid out .2 . The can is not completely painted . There are bare metal spots around the spout , spout lid , metal handle attachment welds and on the handle.This is a very disappointing purchase from a company typically known for quality products .
 After finally getting the yellow funnel off , you still ca n't open it far enough to put anything in it . I gues you are suppose to submerge it to fill it . I threw it in the recycling bin .
 I try to buy the highest quality products I can . I bought this can because I thought it would be ALL metal and I have had nothing but problems with plastic fuel cans and cheap plastic parts . I have purchased Eagle cans in the past and they were all metal and the photo/description implied that this one would be also . This one has a plastic handle , which may not be a problem for some people , but I see it as a weak link in an otherwise durable can . Also , with all the little crevices molded into the plastic handle , it will be nothing but a grime collector when diesel spills on it , making it a PITA to clean and use . Yet another cheap and dumb move by a company trying to reduce costs and increase profits . What could this be saving them , $ 1.00 a can ? So charge me more . I would rather have the quality than an item that is inferior or breaks down the road and I ca n't use . Then I am out the full cost of the item . Apparently the company does n't really care about the frustration their customers have with product quality.Worst part is , I ca n't return because it is a fuel can -LRB- though I have n't put fuel in it -RRB- . I guess I will live with it , but no more Eagle products for me .
 The can looks and feels great . The major drawback is that it 's missing a separate fill hole/cap . In order to put gas in the can , you need to remove the funnel . The wear-and-tear on the funnel looks like it could cause the funnel to break easily . No mention anywhere that you can obtain replacement funnels . Otherwise , the one handed operation of the can has a good feel although the balance with a full can is somewhat ackward .
 On arrival , I could not get the lid to open . It took about 15 minutes to get it unstuck . It was almost as if it was glued down . This has to be the worst design for a gas can I 've ever seen . It is very difficult to get the lid open wide enough where a gas nozzle would fit . You almost need two hands to hold it open that far . I 'm not looking forward to trying to fill the thing . The same problem makes it extremely difficult to place or remove the funnel . When the funnel is on , there is not enough clearance to fill the can . I think it would be dangerous to put the funnel in place when the can is full of gas since you would be likely to spill gas all over yourself . To top it all off , Amazon wo n't allow the return since it could potentially have had gas in it , even though I have n't put any in the can , and will probably throw it out . What a rip off .
 I do n't know how we members of the baby-boom generation survived our youth without child-proof caps , safety belts , etc , But somehow we did it . The safety features of this gas can make it impossible for me to fill it at the gas station or pour the gas into my chainsaw when I get home . I am not weak . I just finished splitting a cord of wood by hand . But it takes all my strength to open the cap just a bit , and my wife finds it impossible . If I ca n't open the cap to fill or empty the can , the can is by definition , useless . All I want is an old fashioned gas can with a screw cap . But Big Brother ca n't trust me with a simple screw cap . I grieve for the next generation .
 I received this Eagle Kersone Can this afternoon . The box it came in was open . There was no instruction manual that came with the can on how to use it . Just a regulatory compliance guide . The painted instructions on the can are uselss . I finally figure out through trial & error on how to open the lid . Considering how much I had to pull on the lever to get the lid open . It would not be easy to fill up , unless you wire the lever to the handle . Or put a board under the lid to keep it open till it was full . I have other kersone containers that are easier to fill up & to pour out . I would n't recommend this Kersone Can .
 I was very pleased with this Eagle Diesel Safety can until I found lots of very credible online sources indicating galvanized steel containers are not appropriate for storing diesel fuel . The sulfur reacts with the zinc and you end up with particles in your fuel system that cause damage . Eagle Manufacturing would not answer my email inquiry on this subject . I will be replacing mine with a good plastic container .
 There is no doubt this is a quality made product . It blows away the so called `` EPA '' plastic cans that have been forced upon us . However , the can Amazon sent me had a large dent near the handle along with chipped paint . There was no damage to the box that I received it in so it is virtually impossible that it was damaged during shipping . See uploaded photos . There is another review of a similar product from the same manufacturer that mentions a very similar dent . Maybe Amazon is selling factory seconds ? Amazon conveniently wo n't accept returns on this product so I am stuck with it . I will buy another one of these cans in a larger capacity but not from Amazon !
 I had such high hopes for this gas can but it sadly dissapointed . I tried pouring gas from the spout-result = major dripping . I tried pouring gas without the spout-result = gasoline river . The only way I got it to work , -LRB- kind of -RRB- , was without the spout and resting the edge of the gas can right on the edge of my lawn mower 's gas fill edge . The only thing I like about this gas can is the cap that opens and closes with a squeeze of the handle . Watch your fingers when you close it . It has a very strong spring ! Look elsewhere for a gas can .
 `` IMPORTANT
 Pros : Meets OSHA standards.Cons :1 . The can can not be filled with the funnel attached .2 . The funnel is not designed to be removed/refitted repeatedly .3 . The funnel is difficult to put on and take off . I know now why they sell replacement funnels for this product .4 . The lid does not lift open far enough to permit easy filling at the gas station .5 . The handle to lift the lid is plastic , and its mounting points do not inspire any confidence that they will last more than one season.I made the poor decision to purchase three of these at one time , and they are not returnable .
 I bought this can because it is metal , yellow -LRB- proper color for diesel -RRB- , seals tight , and has a pouring funnel . Starting from 5 stars , I subtracted one star for the plastic handle which seems destined to fail earlier than a metal handle would . Then I learned that galvanized steel should not be used to store diesel fuel -- my John Deere manuals explicitly state that this will create a zinc sludge that will clog my fuel filters and damage injectors . So , I had to subtract two more stars . Perhaps it does not deserve any stars since it completely fails to do the thing that I bought it for -LRB- i.e. store diesel fuel -RRB- but it is a really nice can . So now it stores gasoline -- I just hope that no one uses it to fill my tractor .
 I guess I did n't read carefully enough . The fencing is plastic and breaks easily .
 I grow nothing but dinner plate dahlias . These did not get to the expected size . Others in the garden did . I water , feed and stake .
 I wore these gloves while splitting wood with a wood-splitter . The bark on the logs is rough and wore through one of the thumbs after only 5 hours ! If you 're going to be doing real work , I would not recommend these . For light duty work they 'd be OK . The fit is nice .
 These are in no way heavy duty . Period . I am surprised that Dewalt lends its name to get gloves . Poorly made . Wo n't last a summer and clearly not HD .
 I received one for Christmas . It came in a million pieces . Sent it back to Amazon and got a replacement . The tail was broken and not repairable . I 'm very disappointed . I really wanted the dog but I probably wo n't go for a third try .
 This item appeared to be very cheaply made . There was chipped areas on the statue . It was not packed very well andwas actually broken during shipping . I have returned the item and will not reorder.Terrier DIGGING DOG half Statue garden yard art figure decor Westie
 I gave it two stars because it was broken when I got it and inside the box the styrofoam was broken also . My only option was to get a refund even though a replacement would have been much better as this is a gift for someone else . I am worried about ordering another because it may arrive broken also .
 The last time I ordered Huffco mats , the quality was exceptional.The ones I ordered from this listing from one of the marketplace sellers were NOT labeled as Huffco mats , but were RCR International/RCR Dennis and the quality is horrible . The Huffcos weighed about a pound each and lasted years . These weigh about 6 ounces . They do n't resemble the picture at all , which IS of the Huffco mat . They are made of extremely thin mesh and are more mesh-holes than they are mats . Huffcos are about an inch thick . These are about 1/4 inch thick.Be sure of what you are ordering before you buy , or you 'll be stuck with these . But not for long , because they will wear out so quickly you 'll be looking for new ones very soon anyway .
 I own two mats with the same design and have also seen some recently in stores which are no longer available . The mats I own and have seen in stores are much heavier and thicker . I have the two I purchased still in the packages because it is not worth paying for postage to return them and I am still using my old mats . They are inexpensive but not worth buying -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- .
 I thought this pool was great the first year . took care of very well and took down in the fall to store . 2nd year I started to have leaks in the bottom and on the sides . So I took it down half way through the summer , and found over 25 slit holes , 20 of which were on the bottom . I patched them all up instead of buying a new one . Hopefully , since I refilled it , it will last through August . I will never buy another one again ... The filter also went bad this year , and I had to buy a new one .
 I have received only one plate -LRB- 1 plate instead of the set of 2 -RRB- , so it 's imposible to cover all the grill .
 Anything that uses an electronic ballast -LRB- light the compact fluorescent lights - CFLs -RRB- will not work with this device . That 's because the device looks at the peak current to figure out the watts . For example , a CFL that actually uses 13 or 14 watts will erroneously show up as using 65 watts . That 's because the crappy meter sees a maximum of 0.5 amps of current , but most of the time the CFL is drawing much less current . This device only refreshes about twice a second and can not see a current that is pulsed faster than that . It will work fine for anything that uses a constant level of current , like a fan , toaster , etc. . Also keep in mind that the packaging itself says it is only accurate from 125 - 1875 watts . That means anything using less that 125 watts might not show up very accurate . There are much better devices out there , like the Kill-a-Watt .
 I have two problems with this tool :1 . When I have the selector on `` Amps '' the last digit is supposed to be a decimal . So where is the dot then ?! E.g. the display shows 37 instead of 3.7 -LRB- you would n't want to have 37A running through your circuits at home , trust me -RRB- . Perhaps I just have a bad one , but I doubt it because LCD segments do n't normally burn like LED segments .2 . The display is updated too often jumping from one value to the other all the time . It 's really annoying . The refresh rate should be longer , e.g. every 2-4 seconds . This is a design flaw done by people who probably did not understand well what AC is.I was going to buy a Reliance transfer switch for my generator but in view of the poor quality of their tools I 'll buy another brand .
 Nothern Hydraulics has rude and incompetent customer service . I ordered the sod buster and it never came . I got billed and customer service insisted there was no order . I had to resolve it with a master card dispute.I did eventually buy a subsoiler/middle buster at my local tractor store and I love it .
 This is the single most biggest piece of garbage I 've ever seen . First off , instructions are difficult to understand . Secondly , once you decipher the instructions , all the plastic pieces are warped and will not fit into place . I gave up after four walls and five hours and threw the whole thing in the dumpster and chalked what I spent on it as a loss . If you buy this after this review , you are an idiot . This product is awful .
 I think the prep table would be awesome , BUT , mine came in with some broken parts and I had to send it back . I was disappointed that they did n't off to replace it . My only option was to wait and get my credit then I guess reorder it . Well I chose NOT to reorder . I would have gladly tried again to get the table if they had just replaced it . I do n't think I should have had to wait and get credit then reorder . i have ordered 3 other type of storage containers from them and been very please . Under the circumstances I really believe I should have had the option for them to just replace it.Thanks , SharonCallahan , Florida
 relatively poor directions , a little too dependant on moldered tabs when metal hardware would be much sturdier , took longer than it should to put it together , door wont close . Still nothing else like it on the market , so it gets used ...
 In a word , flimsy . . I 've seen suncast products in big boxers and they all looked pretty sturdy and well made . . Well this is n't . . It 's shaky and not as sturdy as I hoped . . It assembled fairly easy and has n't fallen apart , but I must say I was expecting something more substantial . . Oh and another thing . . Quality control is lacking in this product . . The doors do n't close well and pop open frequently . . This thing is n't worth a hundred bucks or so . . Maybe forty , tops . .
 Stay away from this one . Though I 've used many Suncast products in the past , this one is a pain in the you know what . First , all the partswere not in the box . After contacting Suncast , they very graciously agreed to send what I needed . It took 2 months to get them ! The parts donot snap together as they are supposed to , the doors do n't stay shut , and the top wont stay down . This was my $ 100 follie !!
 Spent many hours trying to assemble this product . Some of the pieces were very warped and would not fit properly . Think we finally had it fitted together and it would pop out in another area . Very tempted to throw the thing out but I do like a challenge ! So , with the help of a very large mallet mission accomplished . Piece of advice ... patience is recommended ! Overall , nice piece for the deck if patience is a virture otherwise , SEND BACK !
 After reading reviews , the Suncast DCP2000 prep station was a huge disappointment . The cabinet was hard to put together and impossible to take apart to return . We ended up cracking panels to do it . Looked very plasticy and cheap and door did not work well . The fine print said not to leave it outside in below freezing temperatures because it might compromise the material . We live in New Hampshire and this was for using with our grill -LRB- which we use year round -RRB- so it would n't have worked for that reason even if we had liked it . That information should be in their online description .
 I would not recommend to buy this item . It was damaged when it arrived , impossible to put together and then there were parts missing!We sent it back!DO NOT BUY !
 We were very disappointed with the quality of the item . The side and back walls , as well as the top cover , all made out of sturdy plastic , were warped out of shape when unpacked and did not fit together as they should . It took at least 4 hours to put the whole unit together . Even though my husband is pretty handy and can fix just about anything , he had a terrible time making the pieces fit together and had to make a lot of adjustments . It 's nice and sturdy , but we will forever have to look at the warped walls and top . We do not recommend buying this unit on-line because you can not examine the content of the box before you purchase it .
 I bought this having a lot of confidence in Suncast . After receiving this , it sat in the box in my garage for about a week . Last night I read some more recent reviews and got worried about assembling this . I followed the advise of one review and put this whole box in a warm room for the night . This morning I took it out of the box thinking `` piece of cake '' . The first piece , the side was so bent , even trying to force the next piece in by prying and sitting on it did n't work . I got very , very upset with this . Finally , prying with a bigger screw driver , a hammer and my back end , it went in place . After getting the side , shelf , door and back on , then came the other side . This was bent more . I tried , tried , almost threw it out the door , then got the largest screw driver I had and tried again . Once again , huge screw driver , hammer and fanny and force finally got this in . The balance went in ok ; it better had or it was going back in the box no matter how it came apart and back it was going to go . It is now all assembled , I have scratches on my arm from fighting with this and a storage piece on my deck that from the back looks terrible but it goes against a wall so nobody sees it . Saving about $ 10 from warehouse deals was n't worth this . If I had bought this locally , it would have gone back after trying the first two pieces . My faith in Suncast is gone and I will not purchase from them again .
 This piece of crap was impossible to assemble . Directions are awful and the pieces do n't match up . Returning . It was good concept in theory .
 Not worth the time it took to put it together . The contact paper -LRB- faux finish top -RRB- was peeling off before we even put it together . I would have returned it but i needed a work surface by my grill for 4th of July cookout . I guess im going to have to peel it ALL off and then find something to cover the top with .
 We just received this product and have spent two hours so far in trying to put it together . We can see how it SHOULD assemble , but the holes do n't match up . It makes me feel that the other reviews that assert this product is a snap -LRB- bad pun -RRB- to put together are fictional reviews , submitted by the manufacturer .
 The concept is good but the material is cheap . The plastic will warp and the doors will not close . Also one good hit and it will shatter . Worth $ 50 ? maybe . Worth over $ 100 - absolutely not . I can not endorse it for the cost alone . For $ 100 - $ 125 build something out of wood .
 Purchased this item on Amazon . Received on time and in good packaging . Problems started with assembly :1 . Instructions almost useless , poorly thought out , poorly written . Assembly prolonged for lack of clear instructions .2 . A plastic frame , packaged with and apparently to be installed under the top panel , is not shown on the parts diagram and not discussed in the installation instructions .3 . When the top was unpacked , found the plastic laminate covering unattached at several places . Regardless , I continued only to find that the top panel could not be installed correctly , as one corner would not snap into place .4 . This is the point I called Amazon to request return and refund which was ok 'd .5 . Then I found -LRB- after an hour of trying -RRB- that the unit is impossible to disassemble for repacking in the original box without damage or destruction since it is put together with snap-attached panels and the snaps are not accessible for releasing .6 . I called Amazon again and arranged to have the unit picked up for return and refund without disassembly . -LRB- Too much time spent identifying problems , and in the resolution thereof -RRB- I do not recommend this item .
 The good news is that this snaps together easily with no tools . The bad news is that the carton was missing the casters , the handles , and several other key parts without which the entire thing is worthless . Customer service seemed unsurprised about this , which leads me to believe their quality control is n't very good . They took all my info and said they would send the parts . It 's been a week and I 'm still waiting .
 I personally would not recommend this item especially since it 's a bit on the expensive side for a big piece of plastic . The back and side panels are warped -LRB- I bought three prep stations and all three had the same problem -RRB- . Due to the warping it 's difficult to put together and like other reviewers stated there is no taking it apart once assembled . The doors are constructed with a plastic bracing design on the inside to prevent warping . This same design should be used on all pieces of the unit , not just the doors .
 I purchased this item because I have other Suncast items that seemed to hold up well and I had not encountered some of the issues associated with the some of the remarks made in the reviews I read on the other products . Unfortunately I received the very product that had all the issues as were described in the worst case scenario . While the products were marked to indicate how to put it together , it was a ridiculous exercise . I finally ended up looking at the picture and figuring it out . In other words , the instructions were very poor . But the worst part is that the product was warped and I had a hard time getting all the pieces to fit . When I did , it looked warped . To top it off , the very top had a decorative surface that was pasted on . It just so happened my product was not pasted on completely in the front and it had ridges in the product . Finally , the doors do not close all the way and open up `` by themselves on occasion '' . In all fairness to the supplier , I did not contact them . That is because I did not want to hassle with taking it all apart -LRB- which would have been difficult since some of the pieces were meant to snap on just once -RRB- and then having it picked up , etc. etc. . All I can recommend is do n't buy this . It gets a star at all because I 'll end up storing paint in it when I put it in my shop . Otherwise , useless as a prep station .
 This is not strong enough to hold a long house . I wanted it to sit on the ground and pull the hose out , but it is n't sturdy enought to do that . I crinked up the house where it attached as well .
 I bought two of these . The weak point in the design is the plastic tube that you attach the nozzle to . It 's way too soft and flimsy , and strips very easily . I was able to make one connection work , with a lot of effort , but the second one leaks and I 'm going to have to toss the new hose real and replace it with a more industrial strength one . It 's too bad , because the overall design is quite good .
 I returned this item after 2 uses . The leaking was so bad that my water pressure at the end of the hose was about half of the original pressure . I would not recommend .
 I monunted the reel between two vertical posts at a comfortable level to work the handle . The problem with the unit is the connection from supply line to the fitting on the reel . The connection disconnects when water pressure is opened.Unfortunately this makes the reel virtually useless .
 The price is cheap and yes it look cheap . Made of plastic . If only I could see this in person before I buy this . . I will not buy this at all . This do n't come with any pins to secure it to the ground .
 I had a difficult time getting some of the pieces together all the way down . When I pounded harder , they would bend out of shape . Also , I could n't get it to work per the instructions , i.e , putting one piece in the ground and joining the next one to it . I had to put them all together before hand and then put them in the ground . Also did n't go into the ground very easy and if I got one side in , it came back out when I tried to put the opposite side in . Finally settled for getting some of the pieces into the ground and leaving the others on top of it . Hopefully , it will settle in before it blows away.I have had the edging for several months and I still ca n't get it in the ground . I am replacing it with cement edgers and have changed my rating from 3 to 2 .
 Then you 'll love this.Getting them to fit together was wholly impossible . I was making a very small ring around a young tree . The instructions make it seem like this magical `` in minutes ! '' edging that links together as you go . First off , they do n't slide together well at all . I had to pound and pound and pound to get these fully together . By the time they were , the tops were slightly crushed . It was infuriating . When I finally got one in the ground , pounding the next made everything I had under lift up again . Finally , I just tacked them all together out of the ground -LRB- with GREAT frustration -RRB- and tried to mash them down as one piece . I will NEVER buy little pieces again . It would have been a million times easier just to get it as one length and put it in . It would have saved me the grief of wanting to scream after smashing it 30 times and having it bounce around . DO N'T FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS . It looks fine . I still do n't have it fully in the ground . I got too mad and went inside . I 'm going to wait for my boyfriend to come home so we can push down on both sides simultaneously . Otherwise it just pops up on the other side . I 'm glad that I only have to do this once . When it 's finally installed it seems fine . I would NEVER NEVER NEVER buy this crap that you have to put together again . What 's so wrong with the concept of making them so they slide together more easily !?
 Cheap in price so you get what you pay for . Trying to hammer it into the ground it just gives way and flexes to much to be done properly . Only way to use it is to dig a ditch first and that takes away from simple installation . Buy better quality edging .
 I ca n't believe this company is still in business . My children bought me one for Father 's Day , spending more than they should . It sort of worked for one year and then , once out of warranty , totally died . The assistance from the manufacturer was a waste of time , repeating what was already on the accompanying CD , and of no help . Two other family members also had Mosquito Magnets and neither of theirs worked beyond the second year .
 I 've gone through two of these . Will never buy another ! They both failed the 2nd year . Repairs cost almost as much as a new unit.Basically , their ignition system is very unreliable . All the fancy LEDs only tell you it is broken !
 When this unit works it does a great job of catching lots and lots of mosquitos . Unfortunately it usually only works for one or two tanks of propane -LRB- about 6 weeks -RRB- before it has to be sent in for repair . I have had one for 3 years now and it is the same old story every year . I wish the company that built this would hire some good engineers to solve their quality problems because they might end up with a great product then , In the meantime it is an over priced good idea with very poor execution .
 Because it cost so much , I expected this thing to last , but it is junk and not reliable . I bought this unit 3 years ago . I live in the Northeast , so I only use the until about 4 months a year . As I understand , the Mosquito Magnet company invented this technology , but they certainly did not perfect it . Reliability is poor . Worked great the first year , caught lots of mosquitoes , and really reduced the number in my yard . The second summer , it started getting temperamental , took a long time to warm up , and seemed to burn more propane . Cleaning the unit with the CO2 cartridges did not help . This summer , it takes many , many tries to get it started up -LRB- 6-10 -RRB- . I suspect it is about to die . I paid almost $ 500 and I only use it 4 months a year . For $ 500 , I expect it to work right for more then one summer .
 I will NEVER recommend this product to ANYONE EVER ! The customer service is terrible . I have gone through 3 different head units for the defender . This is the 4th one that now does not work . I purchased a replacement cord at the cost of $ 40 + shipping . Before purchasing , I was informed I could return it if that was not the problem . When I called the customer service department , they said it could not return it because it was an opened package . The package was openned when I recieved it . It was never sealed in a sealed box , for all know it is a defective unit . But I can not do anything about it . They were oh so kind to offer a $ 50 discount on a new unit . Big whoop ! I still have a 5 pound paper weight sitting in my house that I have to be enviromentally conscience about and take the time to dispose of it properly instead of the company taking some responsibility . They are definitely losing a customer .
 I bought one at first - loved the results -LRB- big bag of mosquitoes and noticeable reduction in the yard . Bought a second -LRB- we have a large and long yard -RRB- and the first died before the end of the Summer -LRB- would not complete warmup -RRB- . After trying a bunch of things with customer service , they replaced for free . Half way through the second season , the second unit died -LRB- same symptom -RRB- . It was out of warranty , and I would have been happy to pay for service , but no deal - the company has no repair service . Now we are on the second year for the replacement first unit . I 'm waiting for that one to break , but it is still catching lots of mosquitoes . I want to love this thing , but a year of mosquito catching for $ 500 is a bit steep . If they repaired these units after warranty - even it broke after the first year and the service was for a -LRB- reasonable -RRB- fee , I 'd probably give it 5 stars . As it stands though , I ca n't recommend these units at all .
 Very POOR investment . The first unit lasted 3 months . A replacement unit was sent . The new unit lasted almost three months to the day . Oh did I say NEW unit no they only send out rebuilts . There is a one year warranty on the original unit ONLY , when you receive a replacement unit no new warranty is issued , what ever time is remaining on the orginial unit carries over to the rebuilt . Oh did I say I live in Wisconsin . Well our summers are only three months long , so the rest of the time the unit is NOT used . So thier one year warranty is really only a three month warranty . Big price tag , expensive upkeep , but I must say it when it was running it did work good . Way too expensive for lasting only THREE months .
 Goggle the Providence Journal then search for the Mosquito Magnet . Otherwise I have nothing new to add . I just experienced the same problems as everyone else , high co $ t to operate , very low catch rate , dead second season . I think the unit killed more bugs when they accidentally ran into it in the dark -LRB- after bitting a drunken human -RRB- than ended up in the net .
 First let me preface this review by stating that I am an ASE certified -LRB- Automotive -RRB- master mechanic with 25 years experience and was an aircraft mechanic for `` uncle Sam '' in my younger days . Suffice it to say I know a little bit about mechanical devices . The concept behind the mosquito magnet is very good and when it works it works very well . The problem is in the execution of the design . This is a very unreliable product that lasts on average about a year and a half . When it breaks repairs are very expensive . The other problem for those of us who are mechanically inclined is that the company REFUSES to sell repair parts under the pretext of `` safety '' . Imagine if Chevy or Ford refused to sell parts . What do you think the Federal Trade commission would do ? Perhaps the FTC should order a mandatory recall and compel the company to replace the defective parts at their cost , not ours .
 I got my latest refurbished mosquito magnet last Spring . When I went to start it up this year it did n't work . After troubleshooting and calling tech support , their recommendation was to spend $ 155 to send it back to them to fix . This would be the fourth time I sent off my Liberty in the last four years . Each time they tell me that there was a flaw in the design , but they 've fixed it . This time I refuse to believe them and I want to warn others about their product.Also , my parents purchased a new Liberty plus last year and they just had something go bad on it too , so unfortunately I ca n't even limit my complaint to this model . Mosquito Magnets seem to routinely have something go bad once a year . They carry an 18 month warranty -LRB- although you only use it six months a year -RRB- , which leaves you with an additional $ 155 to spend every other year.With the operational cost every three weeks of propane and proprietary `` quick clear '' cartridges and `` octenol attractant '' , it 's already not all that cheap or convenient to operate . However , it works very well when it works , so if they could create a design that spends more time at my house than it does in the shop , I 'd be a fan . But to expect me to pay $ 155 for them to fix a product that has a faulty design is poor customer service .
 When it works which is only 10 % of the time it does catch mosquitos . However your costs for the attractant and maintenance products and time that it spend broken is not worth the cost . Call their customer support number and they try and sell you more products to fix your broken unit . They want a $ 155 to replace the unit with a reconditioned one.Don ' t make the mistake I did because I regret it .
 I bought one of these units in 2003 at Home Depot -LRB- ... -RRB- , to have some sort of protection against mosquitos by the pool while the power pack on my Mosquito Magnet PRO was being `` exchanged '' -LRB- ... -RRB- at American Biophysics -- what a fraud that was . Anyway , although the Liberty ignites -LRB- you have to plug in a transformer -RRB- the suction in the bell is too weak to catch any mosquitos . The proof is in the net . In a month it might catch 4-5 mosquitos , and my back yard , backing onto a wooded area , is swarming with insects . All in all , I think the manufacturer is selling smoke . Expensive smoke . I do n't understand why serious companies do n't develop products for this market .
 I was wary of buying the Mosquito Magnet because of all the lousy reviews about poor quality and reliability . True to form , mine ran fine for the first 3 weeks , but when it was time to replace the propane tank , I could not get it restarted . Kept getting a ` fault ' light . Used the supplied ` gas reset tool ' several times , and used several CO2 cartridges in an attempt to get it going - no luck.I called Tech Support and they suggested all the troubleshooting steps I 'd already tried . They offered to replace the whole unit , but decided to just return it to Home Depot . At $ 500 I expect something more durable , not something I have to fret about every time I need to restart it.I found an article in the Providence Journal -LRB- 2/26/2006 End of a Partnership -RRB- detailing all the quality problems this company , American Biophysics , has had with Mosquito Magnet . Not very reassuring.Walpole , MA
 After reading all of the problems with last years -LRB- 2003 -RRB- model , I was very leary about purchaing one of these . But the promise of a mosquito free back yard was too enticing . So I waited until mid-June to make sure I got the 2004 model with the latest design changes . Well , guess what ? I _ still _ got last years power head , but it came with this years instructions and this years quick clear adapter . What a joke . And as others here have said , forget about getting through to customer support , unless you feel like wasting a great deal of time . This company clearly has some manufacturing and support issues that _ need _ to be straightened . Back to the store it goes !!! Another dissatisfied customer !
 I bought a new Liberty . . It worked for two propane tanks then quit . . American Bio sent a reconditioned liberty . . It worked for about two tanks . . American bio sent a new liberty . . It worked for about two tanks . . Now American bio says they will send a reconditioned one for 159 dollars . . I paid over four hundred for the first one . . Terrible investment . . Worse than the casino . . M. Goleman
 I 'm on my second unit in 3 months . It catches mosquitos when it 's working , but it 's only been working for me about 50 % of the time . The first unit failed after about 6 weeks on the second propane tank . I spent hours troubleshooting it - resetting the tank , clearing the line , etc. . I spent more hours on the phone with technical support . There is always a long wait on the phone and you can easily kill 30-45 minutes waiting for a conversation that wo n't help you anyway , unless they 've agreed to give you another unit.My second unit has now failed after only 3 weeks of operation . I 've spent more hours switching tanks , flushing , resetting - a variety of useless activities that still did n't fix the problem . Now I 'll have to spend more time with technical support , which only works from 9-6 during my own work hours , so I 'll have to spend my lunch hour on hold waiting . I 'm so sorry I bought this unit .
 I purchased the Liberty MM in 2003 and I loved the way it worked until the end of this summer ,2006 . The unit trapped mosquitos like it said it would but these Mosquito Magnets are not made to last for long . To get the unit to work on start up is very difficult and time consuming . The tech staff are very good but the engineering stinks . Dont bother trying to fix it either , its expensive so just purchase a new one if you like it that much . Again it will clean up your area of pests but its very fickle and not for those who are n't good with technology .
 The good news
 This unit does catch mosquitos . It is really cool because it catches the female-egg-laying ones almost exclusively . I actually saw it fill up a net at my home . HOWEVER ... they built this thing like a Fourth of July sparkler - it works one time well and then quits working . I gave up on mine after 4 seasons , one warranty repair , and two batteries . I now just spray my yard every 4 weeks with Cutter `` Bug free '' . It works better because ... I know it is going to keep working . The manufacturer is very mysterious on how to fix these and wants as much for a repair as they do for a new one . I do n't even think this thing is worth ONE STAR .
 I have tried two of these and like everyone else the units do not complete warm up cycles , error after error , and their support line , while pleasant , is useless . The worst purchase I have ever made . One star is being kind and only because they do n't have a zero option .
 I bought my Mosquito Magnetic Liberty in May 2003 . PERFORMANCE/QUALITY : It does n't catch many mosquitoes but I think it does divert them to another part of my yard . I HAVE NEVER HAD TO EMPTY THE BAG DUE TO IT TRAPPING MOSQUITOES . I have three acres and this thing only helps clear up about 1/4 acre . Consumer Reports rates this unit highly , but I think the performance varies tremendously based on what 's posted here in the reviews and my experience . Some people are replacing nets regularly because they fill up with mosquitoes . Mine gets dusty and catches a few , but never anything remarkable . It does , I think , attract the pesky mosquitoes to the side of property where it sits thereby diverting attention away from family , friends and me . The machine-to-machine variability appears to be very high with several people reporting opening them up and assembling only to find they are dead on arrival . While other owners have marginal results , and a few have great success . The manufacturer needs to work on their quality control.COSTSThis thing is NOT cheap . It 's about -LSB- ... -RSB- a day to operate.Here are all the costs . I paid close to -LSB- ... -RSB- back in 2003 . Propane costs me -LSB- ... -RSB- a refill . For 4 months of use I need 6 tanks . That 's -LSB- ... -RSB- a season just for propane or -LSB- ... -RSB- a day . Octenol -LRB- cow 's breath mosquito attractant -RRB- is pricey as well . Octenol is $ 9 each every 21 days or -LSB- ... -RSB- a season . Nets are similarly priced so that 's another -LSB- ... -RSB- . TOTAL for my 4 month season is -LSB- ... -RSB- or -LSB- ... -RSB- / day plus electricity.DURABILITY12 months of use and its dead . This unit is 3 years old but it 's only been used for 12 months . Warranty is only 1 year from date of purchase so the warranty is gone . I live in Michigan so the mosquito season is only 4 months . This spring -LRB- 2006 -RRB- I pulled it out of storage and set it up . I go through the recommended start up procedure as written and I get the blinking green light with solid yellow and solid red fault . This fault means I have an empty tank or no gas flow . The tank was just filled . I purge the lines with CO2 cartridges -LRB- 3 times as recommened -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , use the tank and regulator reset tool , change the already refilled tank to another tank and it still wo n't light . What a pain . The service dept. for a consumer product is only open 8-5 PM Eastern time , M-F . I will call them Monday and see what they recommend to solve the problem . Based on what I read here it 'll probably be another -LSB- ... -RSB- for rebuilt power unit . I hope I do n't get a rude customer service rep or a condescending one . I hate dealing with a customer support group that 's not nice.MAINTENANCE : GAS RESET TOOLThis machine and its regulator require you to keep using a reset tool -LRB- it 's provided -RRB- to reset the regulator and the tank every time you change a tank . I do n't understand why this machine requires it and my gas grill and other devices that use propane do n't . My question is why did these yahoo 's design a regulator and/or a system that requires resetting the gas ? God figure!CO2 PURGEAnother oddity is the strong recommendation to regularly purge the lines with -LSB- ... -RSB- CO2 cartridges using a bicycle type of inflator valve . What 's up with that ? Again , why does n't my grill or outside heater require the same purging?UPDATE
 Have had this item for 3 months . Has it caught mosquitos ? Well technically yes . Has it made a difference in our yard ? No . We have a 3/4 acre yard and have mild to medium mosquitos . If you sit outside you 'll get 3 or 4 mosquitos around you and get about 5-10 bites in 1-2 hours on a normal day . On a heavy day you 'll have about a dozen around you with lots of bits . Used the product and it caught about 15 mosquitos in 3 months and about 30-40 other bugs -LRB- most seemed harmless ie . a fire fly -RRB- . It 's received brand new bait , propane refueling and has been moved around the yard about every 3 weeks to rule out incorrect placement . At the current rate it would be cheaper to hire a kid down the road to swat them in the yard and give him $ 5 a mosquito.Was attracted to this after reading the articles about them catching thousands and thousands of mosquitos in the swampy area . Did n't think about it then , but realized later that any area that infested you could run around with a butterfly net and catch thousands . Maybe it does help in heavily infected areas , but I 'm skeptical now . I do know that if you think getting one of these to eliminate your mosquitos you 'll be disappointed.Very disappointed especially since I wanted it to work .
 I now own three American Biophysics Mosquito Magnets . The oldest one I have is two years old and cost me about $ 900 to purchase . The two year old unit no longer works , so AB technical support wants to sell me a replacement part for $ 500 or you can buy a new unit , after returning the Power pack , for $ 425 . What a racket . Build an expensive product that does n't last more than 2 years and then charge a lot to fix or agree to buy another unit that also has shoddy quality . I agree it catches the mosquitos that they claim when it operates properly . But because of the cost of the units and their limited life I would not recommend this product unless you have a lot of money to burn .
 My title pretty much says it all . Yes it does attract , but it does not catch very well . I have seen mosquitoes fly in then out of it , so I have my doubts . For three weeks , I have been catching maybe 10 a day . Last night coupled with a electric bug zapper placed right in the CO2s flow , my catch was more than tripled . Like I said , it works a bit , but for -LSB- $ -RSB- I 'm going to try something else . After 3 more weeks , I returned it . Sure it caught some , but after a month of no rain and then a week of rain , the bugs were nearly as plentiful as ever . The bug zapper on further review attracted too many helpful bugs to make it appropriate . If I had money to throw away , I might keep it just for the little help it provided , but not at it 's price and operating cost .
 This product had a nice web site , good `` info '' and lots of promises . It worked a little the first year , althouh never enough to require me to empty the bag - or - deliver anything NEAR a mosquito free yard -LRB- we live on a suburban 80 ` x125 ' lot and the unit claims that it can handle alot larger area than that . -RRB- The unit STOPPED working the second year , and when I logged in the manf web site I found out that I was a week late in being able to participate in their `` free replacemnt program '' -LRB- thanks for nothing -RRB- , I then learned about the magic reset tool , which took three requests to get to me , and then it made no difference.SO , the unit sits in a storage shed waiting for a garage sale . If I can get $ 25 for it I 'll be lucky.After talking to fiends we 'll be installing a perminantly mounted system this summer.Wish I 'd saved the money , but may be I can helps someone else not throw away some .
 I thought that this design was a great idea . However I am on my 4th unit and it still does not work . It catches a few mosquitos but I am frequently bitten just a few feet from the unit . Their customer service department , if you can reach them , is very unfriendly to people with equipment problems.All of the units that I have tried , have had apparent design problems . My first two would not keep going . Their Customer Service people said that I had `` dirty propane '' . The third unit had a connection for using a CO-two cartridge . After three cartridges were put through it , it would stay running , albeit not catching many mosquitos . They replaced this unit.The replacement unit , also with a cartridge fitting , has run quite well . I have burned three tanks of propane and caught probably 10 mosquitos . Biting mosquitos are all around , they just are not caught by the Mosquito Magnet.Therefore I would recommend that you not buy this machine unless you just want to burn off tanks of propane .
 A total piece of expensive junk . The company repair support is terrible and they should be investigated -LRB- ... -RRB- . I 'm very sorry I spent my money on such a poor product and I 'm stuck with useless junk . Amazon should not sell them .
 I was as enamored as a blood-hungry mosquito for this technology when I bought a Liberty in May 2002 . Now , 3 failed power packs later , with a dead power pack AGAIN , on hold to & quot ; consumer support & quot ; for 30 minutes with no answer so far , I have to concede that the technology and/or manufacturing is not mature enough to reliably produce this backyard paperweight . Maybe in a few more years , or with a new manufacturer . In any case , for the present , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I raced to get a MMPro the 1st year they were out and spent over $ 1,300 in 2002 . It worked well the 1st summer , 2d in for servicing alot of it , 3rd failed completely , just outside of warranty. , So in May , 2004 I SUCKERED for the offer to pay $ 600 + / - for the new improved MM Pro with a 2 year warranty . It worked the 1st -LSB- 2004 -RSB- season , and seemed fine -LSB- 2005 -RSB- season , but totally failed to start in April , 2006 . I called tech many times -LSB- waiting along time each time -RSB- and got all kinds of stories about what it could be . I told them if these were all so important they should email their customers or put it in the operation book . It seemed like excuses really.I sent it in early June ,2006 for warranty repair , and it will be `` 3-4 '' weeks to get back !!! Summer is only June-August here in MA!Customer Service told me they have no parts and when a machine gets returned they will use those parts on my machine !! It could be August by then . I have called and escalated the complaints.This is just WRONG , so I am filing with the RI Better Business Bureau , the Ri attorney General Consumer Affairs Office , and the Federal Trade Commission . Most states have consumer protection regs offering triple damages for ` unfair and deceptive ' trade practices , breach of warranty , and breach of warranty of merchantibility and fitness for use . I have spent way too much time and money to accept this loss , when all the other complaints show the compnay knows it sold us all a lemon.EVERYONE should do the same . Then the government will step in and investigate what they knew , when they knew it , and make them stop selling problem goods . You may also be able to make a ` small claims court ' complaint , since they sell in stores all over they have a local presence enough to do it . Do n't let them keep your money ! Then they will have succeeded .
 the mosquito magnet is a collosal mistake unless you feel that $ 30 per mosquito is a good deal . it would be a better result to hire a service to come monthly for the cost of your octenol and propane alone . let alone the $ 1000 for the unit . now that it is broken , they want $ 395 to fix it . they will coddle you along until the warranty expires saying that you have the wrong type of mosquito or some such rubbish . do not buy these units .
 I purchased the Mosquito Magnet Liberty in July of 2003 and I believe it only caught one or two mosquitos during the entire rest of the summer ! We still can not use our backyard after 4PM because the mosquitos will carry you off . We have contacted the company numerous times and they always have something else they want you to supply them . We paid OVER $ 540 for our unit and what a waste of money !!!
 Like soo many here , I read the reviews and balked and balked at buying one , but this summer thus far has been horrible with regards to mosquitos . Could n't take it anymore and hand to try something . Purchased this Liberty eager for some results . Hoping to be one of the few that would have good results . And there were some results , FOUR mosquitos in three days !!! I got bit more on one 30 second occasion going out to check on it then it collect in three days of running . My guess , those mosquitos flew in by accident and could n't figure out how to escape.Repeated checked the instructions and followed to a letter but the results do n't merit the cost of supplies
 After three tanks of gas and about 10 weeks , the unit had only captured 10 to 20 mosquitos . it did NOT work well for us in North Carolina at all .
 After a rainy spring and summer , the mosquito population has exploded in my backyard -LRB- located in Massachusetts -RRB- . The Liberty has been running for about 6 weeks and the net has claimed only about 20 insects TOTAL . You can stand in the backyard and swat more in 5 minutes than this thing has caught in 6 weeks . -LRB- This includes changing the tank , CO2 and attractant at 3 weeks as recommended -RRB- .
 do not buy this unit , unit is obsolete and ca n't get parts , the parts that are available are expensive , you can get a lot less expensive way to controll insects .
 I bought the top of the line Mosquito Magnet Pro back around 2002 . It never worked for a full summer . It would work for a while then quit . I had it replaced numerous times then was told they would not replace it anymore even though it kept breaking down . The last replacement I got did n't work from the time I took it out of the box . Needless to say I stopped using them . I figured they are a new product and the company has to work the bugs out before they would reliable . That was a few years ago . This year the mosquitoes are terrible and I thought maybe I 'd look into buying a new Mosquito Magnet . Surely they have gotten better over the years . I 'm sorry to read that they are having the same quality and customer service problems now that they had in the beginning . I would stay clear of this product . The company has n't learned a thing about quality and customer service in the past years . That 's a very bad sign .
 This misquito magnet was listed as new . It was used as received . It failed on it 's second tank of propane . Not recommended
 When it is working it certainly does a fair job of getting rid of mosquitoes . It has only worked about 1/4 of the summer . The replacement items -LRB- the net and the scent -RRB- are expensive for what you get . Do not buy these from the manufacturer . I had to blow out the system 4 times before it finally started working again this summer . Blew $ 10 for these CO2 cartridges that should be about a $ 1 each . They are similar to beverage cartridges , except they have a thread on the end -LRB- so you ca n't use any other cartridge . -RRB- When it finally dies again , it is going to the trash .
 OK , so I ordered this MM3000 and was hoping that 1 -RRB- . It would work like the other unit I had bought years ago & 2 -RRB- . It would not breakdown like the unit I had years ago . Well , It did not work . I set it up and gave it a full week . After that week not only did I have more mosquito 's I had a puddle of water under the unit every morning . Thanks to Amazon I was able to send it back and get a full refund . I would not recomend buying this .
 Mosquito Magnet Liberty Mosquito Trap MM3000We live in northern Minnesota and we get a lot of mosquitoes . The first unit worked great and we noticed a relief from these pests within a few days . We were so pleased that we bought a second one after two years . The first one lasted about 3 years , the second one about one year . The company would like us to ship the heads and last year the charge for each replacement would already have been $ 100 . After spending almost $ 1000 for both units we will not spend another $ 200 for something that breaks down after such a short time . We would not recommend the Mosquito Magnet to anyone and we would not buy another one .
 The expense of these things is immense , the constant tending to them and its fickleness is just not worth it . I have owned two which worked `` on and off '' for two very short seasons -LRB- perhaps 6 months total and `` on and off '' within these -RRB- . When it works it works very well , the second we got one single bite we knew it was time to change the propane tank , a single bite was all that was needed to remind us and often `` right on time '' . However , after all the money spent on it to function and the hassle involved -LRB- when it doesnt work -RRB- I have come to prefer being bit by a million misquitos and scratching myself raw all night long -LRB- because thats actually less of a hassle -RRB- lol . The money spent to keep it operational is plain ridiculous . I have questioned my own sanity doing it for so long . Home depot in our area is no longer selling these either -LRB- maybe they got smart too and decided these just arent worth the trouble -RRB- . I hope folks read the reviews because they are right on , I very much appreciate reading many of the reviews on amazon because the people are more often then not right on and have spared me -LRB- again and again -RRB- from making a bad purchase , or at least have prepared me for what I was getting myself into , in this case -LRB- and across the board in respect to the cost of the unit , the cost of propane exchanges -RRB- along with everything else -LRB- see the other reviews -RRB- not to mention the customer service ? lol Just know you are `` on your own '' -LRB- sorta like buying a pricy flatscreen tv for your seasonal three month retreat -LRB- which works less then 25 % of that alotted time of the year when you actually want to watch it -RRB- . Its just plain ridiculous . A product which requires so much of an investment -LRB- such as this one -RRB- should be designed to work flawlessly within its warranty period -LRB- and `` excluding the months '' when its not in operation '' ... which is threefold more than the time when it actually is ! -LRB- and working ! -RRB- If you have money to burn go for it , you might not care that you will only get -LRB- if you are lucky -RRB- 6 months -LRB- tops -RRB- out of this thing -LRB- when it actually works flawlessly at all -RRB- which is obviously not the case in the majority of reviewers -LRB- which likewise reflects my own experience -RRB- . When it works it works really well -LRB- granted -RRB- but even as another reviewer pointed out -LRB- and in that 6 lucky months -RRB- you need about a month and a half TO BEGIN to see the difference ... see how this becomes difficult to review ? Because you can say , `` it worked for 2 years -LRB- or rather 2 seasons -RRB- and `` off and on '' within both seasons -LRB- as seems to be the case the majority of the time . BUT those two seasons equal out -LRB- for most as they do for me -RRB- to around 6 months COMBINED . Now , take a month and a half off that time -LRB- twofold -RRB- before you actually notice `` the effect '' -LRB- in both of those seasons -RRB- . In reality we are removing `` 3 months off '' of the 6 -LRB- lucky -RRB- working months of two seasons -LRB- combined -RRB- . Now you are down to a working unit unto `` a noticeable desired effect '' for a total of 3 months -LRB- which is a 90 day working unit , a number inclusive of the both seasons combined -RRB- and THIS when it is actually working flawlessly ! -RRB- . I have to admit , looking at it this way has made me question my own sanity for purchasing our second one , what on earth was I thinking ?! That is insane because it comes out to around 45 days -LRB- here and there -RRB- of `` some kind of relief '' within each of the two summer seasons And at what cost ? Wayyyyy too much in my opinion . I hate to say it -LRB- and dont want to do it -RRB- but I 'm just going to return to using those stinky bug sprays and dying an early death -LRB- thank you very much -RRB- . Heck , given the cost of all involved here I could probrobly buy 4 HUGE screened in thingys too , its good enough for me lolOh and let me add , another reviewer shared about black flies , if you google `` horse fly trap '' -LRB- I purchased the freestanding yellow one with the bog black ball you will see -RRB- but that thing works incredibly ! We werent catching those in the misquito magnet but let me tell you the horsefly trap FILLS with those biting flies , deer flys , black flies , and those HUGE inch and a half -LRB- jaws of steal -RRB- 100 mile an hour -LRB- bomber type -RRB- flies , its really amazing , if your problem is biting flies like that -LRB- as well -RRB- THAT THING WORKS AWESOME ! I have had one for YEARS I have actually emptied -LRB- at one given time -RRB- the equivilent of 16 ounces of all those combined from that thing . The design alone attracts the flies -LRB- I was a hard sell on it myself but I know firsthand it works -RRB- . I do have more of a problem with them then misquitos -LRB- and I am not talking about population here -RRB- but of the sheer torment of those little buggers -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- . The horsefly trap is requires no octenol , propane , batteries , electric NOTHING AT ALL ! The price sorta put me off of it at first , because the initial investment isnt much cheaper then the misquito magnet at $ 295.00 and was like , `` your kidding right '' ? lol But when your nuts -LRB- like I am -RRB- about certain flying -LRB- and biting -RRB- insects you will often try everything you can till you find something that works , and I must say it works like a charm , they show a picture of how the flies are collected , all you do is simply `` unscrew the top '' , dump em ' out and `` screw it back on '' again . Alot of horse farms use them to relieve the horses of the biting flies that are commonly found there . However , If you hate biting flies , such as horse flies and need an alternative that really works on them try the horsefly trap . Unfortunately it will not do anything to reduce misquitos but it will amaze you how thousands of biting flies fall for the horsefly trap -LRB- even BEFORE you get it located to the spot you want to put it in -RRB- . Once its standing -LRB- easy assembly -RRB- there were like 5 of them in the trap already ! In less than 30 seconds ! It apparently draws them to its self and it does this -LRB- somehow -RRB- through its the design -LRB- that big black ball thingy on it -RRB- I love it because theres no need for repurchasing stuff weekly or monthly , it uses no electric , no batteries and no propane just stand it up and watch how fast the biting flies fly to it and get trapped and I am talking hundreds even thousands of them , not just 10,50 or a 100 -LRB- here -RRB- . Caught 5 in less then 30 seconds of standing the thing up and knew in moments we had something that really worked -LRB- and incredibly fast too -RRB- . I 'm done with the misquito magnent -LRB- not buying a third one , I have limits -RRB- been there `` done that '' . I need a new misquito solution because this misquito magnent is just not worth the trouble or the expense -LRB- its alot of both for nothing -RRB- . Im thrilled my black flies -LRB- green horse flies -RRB- and all the rest of those winged biting flies are being taken care of by the horsefly trap -LRB- I would give that 10 stars -RRB- . One species taken care of I suppose -LRB- glass half full here -RRB- . I cant believe that it works so well and I had never heard of it before till -LRB- in my desparation -RRB- to be rid of them I googled horseflies and finally found them . I also believe if you study the design of the horsefly trap folks could make their own -LRB- for alot less -RRB- especially if you are one of those `` do it your selfer 's '' because the design appears fairly simple -LRB- as does the concept -RRB- .
 Without going into the details , this unit is so touchy that it is essentially useless . It is almost impossible to keep it running . This was a waste of $ 550 .
 So much promise but so poorly executed . One is willing to spend hundreds of dollars to rid our selves of mosquitoes but this machine simply does not do the job . I have been lured into buying two of these machines and both have been complete disappointments .1 -RRB- Undependable . I have had to have both machines repaired several times -LRB- one has now been scrapped -RRB- . It seems like mosquito magnets do not like rain - so the control boards like to blow . You will likely wait over a month to get the repair done and trust me it wo n't be at a convenient location and it wo n't be cheap . The poorly made plastic cart will also likely break two or three years out .2 -RRB- Finicky . Mosquito magnets do n't like the wind and often will `` blow out '' requiring restarting . Also , the regulators on mosquito magnets are also finicky . Most gas tank exchange stations will trip the regulator requiring constant resetting no matter how slowly you open the tank as the instructions suggest . Purging the tank as the manufacturer suggests is a waste of time and wastes gas . The mosquito magnet is basically burning natural gas like your grill , which should be strait forward . Unfortunately , this device is so poorly engineered that it rarely operates for extended periods of time .3 -RRB- Expensive . I am not talking about the hundreds of dollars to purchase the unit - that is just the beginning . You will be buying gas monthly and will require supplies of attractant , extra bags -LRB- if you choose -RRB- and compressed air tubes -LRB- made especially for the mosquito magnet -RRB- . All of these items are very expensive - and do n't forget the repair costs . Frankly , I would be willing to spend a $ 1,000 if the machine worked but it just does n't . Finally , even when the mosquito magnet does work it will only cut down the number of mosquitoes around your home . It will not eliminate the problem - you and your family will still get bit unless you take other precautions . Save your money and your sanity and do n't buy one of these they are not worth it .
 This item is HORRIBLE !!! Putting out your hand would be a better way for catching mosquitos . This item does not work at all ! When I wanted to return it , they said I needed the special mix for the south so I bought that thinking I just had the wrong scent in . It still did n't work so I went to return both and they would not accept it ... . always a sign they know the product is a piece of junk ! This product is a total scam !!!
 I purchased this product on clearance at Home Depot for $ 129 , a price that seemed too good to be true until I put the unit into service . The unit came with Octenol , an attractant that does n't work at all in my region . After buying a package of Lurex , the MM began to attract mosquitos by the hundreds . In fact , they were landing on the Lurex cartridge and on the rim of the trumpet . Unfortunately , the MM 's fan is so underpowered that mosquitos must fly far up into the trumpet before they are sucked into the bag . In my case , only three mosquitos were unfortunate enough to do so in a three day period.This unit is a magnet for mosquitos , sure enough . Unfortunately , all of the mosquitos it attracts escape its underperforming sucker and end up biting me . It 's practically criminal that this company can sell this unit for nearly $ 400 ! In my opinion , it 's completely worthless and it 's going back to the store.Save yourself the trouble and look elsewhere .
 Before you buy one of these turkeys , check out the hundreds of complaints you can read about this product on the internet . While mine killed lots of mosquitoes -LRB- at a considerable cost per month -RRB- for the first summer and half of the next -- one day it just stopped . The company was no help at all , and I wasted a lot of time an money trying to get it started again . Do n't waste yours -- get a fogger instead . Someday another company will build a reliable mosquito trap , and I 'll buy it . But NEVER from these people.UPDATE
 The science behind it is good . It ran good for 4 months , it caught bags-full of mosquitos . I was happy.Then it quit working with a `` gas flow '' fault , just like everyone else reports.Done everything I can and it will not work . I really like the unit and the science behind it . The system is just poorly designed.I bet $ 1,000 bucks that the CEO of this company do n't use one . Otherwise they would have fixed them for good.This really WAS my last resort . Then it failed.I 'm back to fogging.JS
 I live outside the USA -LRB- Brazil -RRB- I 've believed the information at Mosquito Magnet website about the product quality.I put my unit to work three weeks ago . For my surprise it stopped working . Three lights are on and I 've seen this is a problem with a piece called `` ignitor '' . So I dont have a local assistance and I must import this one.I was not expecting a poor quality .
 I did not give up on the Mosquito Magnet . I live in Maine where the bugs are B-A-D ... I so wanted this to work . I 've spent more time and money , over the last three years , yes , three years ! trying to get it up and running every year and never was successful . At times I would get it to run a week or two , then something would `` go wrong '' though none of the instructions or the help line people were able to figure out what was wrong.As I write this , the current `` problem '' is that the light indicators are saying that the gas is empty . I 've done all the suggested remedies , and then some . I even exchanged the tank just in case the tank was faulty . Nope , once again left majorly disappointed in this product . I 'm having my husband bring it to the dump so that i do n't waste any more time with this junk.My time would have been better spent training bats or other bug eating animals to hover around my family endlessly catching the biting buggers.DO NOT BUY ! Not to mention all the money I 've dumped into all the Octenol , CO2 , etc. stuff necessary to run this POC .
 I purchased two Liberty Plus units and can not get either to work . I have followed the instructions with extreme care , mulitple times . I switched propane tanks , I purged , I cleared the system with the cartridges and so on . I wish I could provide more details for readers but the simple fact is both of these units will not start . And that is brand new right out of the box . Prior to purchasing I did the normal reading of reviews but out of desperation vis a vis bug bites decided to gamble . It was the wrong decision . I 've never given a one star review but this product deserves it . Please be very careful when deciding . This product is not the way to proceed .
 Bought a Liberty . First summer had to send unit in for repair under warranty , lost about 3 weeks of a mosquito eradication cycle . Next summer barely under warranty and again repaired . The inner mosquito net holder , the one that traps the critters until they are dried to death , had warped over the winter and no longer gave a good seal . Near the end of the second summer the ` igniter failure ' code came on . Decided to wait until now to investigate , start of third year . There is a component on the circuit board inside that is completely fried . For all the money we spent initially and to keep it running this was not worth the few months in two years we could be in the back yard - and the no-see-ums still were there . Will use other means of keeping mosquitoes away . It 's difficult to imagine any company with such an expensive , non-essential product to stay in business with such shoddy quality . Even Jaguar realized this .
 I was lucky enough to pick one of these up at an Ace Hardware that was going out of business . Everything was discounted 50 % including several brand-new Mosquito Magnets . I picked one up for $ 250 ... yet I still feel ripped off.Did it Work?Mostly - I 'd reason to guess it reduced the population by 90 % , which I was excited about . But the truth is it does n't really matter if there is 1 , 5 , or 20 mosquitoes attacking you ... as long as there are still SOME you still end up with bites.I ran the machine from April till it crapped out in September in the Chicago Suburbs . My backyard is about 1/16 of an acre ; entire plot is about 1/4 . I do n't live near a lake , pond , or have any standing water near by . In the dry hot months , when mosquitoes are naturally low , I was catching about 10-20 a month . In the wet months I pulled in about 20-40 a month . It did a decent job ... there would still be few flying by in the backyard that would take their chances at a late evening bite . In the front yard I did n't notice a difference , it seemed like there were as many as the year prior.What Went Wrong?In September , a full 6 months of operating , and the device refused to operate . The worst part was that it broke right when days worth of rain came rolling in , resulting in mosquito breeding fest . If there was one time the entire year I NEEDED a solution it was right when it broke . Diagnosis based on the error codes
 Mosquito Magnet Liberty Mosquito Trap MM3000Tired of being bitten by mosquitos , I decided to give it a shot despite the mediocre review this product gets . After the order is placed , it took about 5 days for the unit to arrive.I followed the instruction manual as carefully as possible . After plugging into the power outlet and open up the propane valve , the unit shows absolutely no response when pressing the `` on '' button . When I called Mosquito Magnet customer service , the representative gave a very standard set of troubleshooting procedure -1 . Does the electrical outlet has power ? - yes I tried with a fan .2 . Did you open the propane valve ? - yes I did , the propane tank is full and it works on my grill .3 . Did you open the valve slowly ? - yes it almost drove me insane .4 . Did you test the power cord ? - yes i tested the power cord/adapter with a multimeter which reads 16 volt .5 . Did you use an extension cord ? - noAfter exhausting all possibilities , she admitted the only possibility is that the unit is broken . I asked her whether I can return for a refund . She replied because the purchase is made through Amazon.com . It has to be returned to Amazon.I then called Amazon right away . The answer I got is because this product uses propane , it CAN NOT be returned to Amazon . I tried to explain to the Amazon lady that the unit is brand new . The unit would n't start so it has n't touched any propane yet . But I guess somewhere in their 1000-page return policy , it says there is nothing they can do but to have Mosquito Magnet repair it.Both my wife and I are very busy during the week , now I need to find time to bring it to a MM service center for repair . Hopefully it can be fixed soon before the summer is gone ...
 I have now purchased 3 Liberty Plus models in 2 years . The third one I just tried today and after charging the unit , it would not start and just keeps showing a `` fault '' ... I now live in Canada and the unit costs over $ 1000 dollars here . The first one died in less than 90 days so I was able to return it to the store for repair . It came back more than 6 months later . They sold me another one and it lasted only one season . This year , it would not start . There is voltage in the battery and it seems to be charging . I sent it to a certified repair shop more than 10 days ago . They tell me that it may cost me more than $ 400-500 to repair . I have also spent numerous hours on the telephone with the company . Most of their reps have very little product knowledge . So , I have a conundrum . Do I let them go ahead and repair or cut my losses and buy a new machine . They still cost $ 1000 in Canada .
 I bought two Liberty units a year ago - one died almost immediately with a fan failure , and the other just died recently for some unknown reason -LRB- it wo n't complete warm-up cycle -RRB- . Warranty is out , so these look like they 're going to be collecting dust in the shed until I feel like taking them apart and trying to figure out what is wrong.There 's a much easier way to control mosquitos . Get a bunch of five-gallon buckets , put three gallons of water in them , add some dish soap , and finally spray some WD-40 on the water . Mosquitos will try to lay their eggs in the water , and will get stuck because the WD-40 breaks the surface tension on the water . The dish soap will take care of any larvae that do manage to hatch . Place the buckets around your property -LRB- high enough so that your dog does n't drink the water - wo n't hurt the dog , but will give it diarrhea from the soap -RRB- and check them from time to time . You 'll be amazed at the number of mosquitos that get caught .
 I have purchased 2 mosquito magnets that have both stopped working in their second season . These machines are too expensive to be this flimsy . Customer service is argumentative , and rude . A one year warranty is not acceptable for this price .
 I am on my second unit
 I purchased one of these a couple of years ago and after a lot of experimentation found the proper place to place it . It really worked ! I could tell when the tank had run out by the sudden increase in mosquito population and had every intention of buying another one to put on the other side of the house . Fortunately before I could get one , mine suddenly quite working . According to the indicator light it was n't getting propane . After performing all of the recommended procedures for 3 times , I called `` tech support . '' They strongly recommended the exact things that I had just done but this time `` follow instructions . '' Despite their insulting manner I actually did it but got the same results . Nothing.I would suggest to anyone who is considering purchasing one of these to look over the reviews and consider how long the people who rated them a success actually owned them before they wrote . Mine worked great for 3 months and never again . It 's too bad that Amazon does n't encourage or even allow people to append reviews for articles like this after they have used them for a reasonable period of time . The hardware store where I bought mine quit selling them because of the tremendous amount of flack they got from irate customers . I would suggest Amazon follow suit.Oh yes . If you are considering the battery model as I was for my planned second unit , think again . According to several reviews and some experience by friends who bought them , the batteries take a long time to recharge , do n't last very long and are very expensive to replace.If someone from the manufacturer wishes to send me a replacement , I will be most happy to try it out and if they have made substantial changes since I bought my edition of this , I will send in a new review and appropriately modify any or all of my extremely negative comments . I wo n't hold my breath until this happens.In short , I wish Amazon had negative stars . I was n't expecting miracles but for $ 500 I was expecting more than a 3 month working life .
 The mosquito magnet does an outstanding job when working . However , I have experienced slightly better than 50 % up-time since purchasing my unit in the summer of 2002 . First unit lasted approx 50 days before defaulting . Customer service was helpful , but took in excess of 2 weeks to send a replacement . The fan on the second unit lasted 30 days -LRB- 2 weeks for replacement to arrive -RRB- . The above scenario continues to repeat and I will hopefully receive my fifth unit this week . Company seems to be overly concerned with keeping new units on the shelves at the expense of ignoring quality issues and failing to respond to existing customer base .
 I have three Mosquitio Magnets that I bought last year . They worked great for a few months then only give `` fault '' indications thereafter and wo n't work . This is a defectively designed or manufactured product . I have never submitted Amazon reviews before this product . I feel so cheated that I want to warn others about it . Three bad devices for me , and many other reviews reporting the same problems , means that you purchase this product with great risk.Thankyou .
 I had this model when we lived in Maryland . We have a large , beautiful yard what we ca n't use due to mosquitos . After researching all the competitive brands , we went with this one . In terms of construction , this is very solid . The including ac adaptor has an exceptionally long cord , which is much appreciated . We experimented with different locations in the yard . I was real disaapointed at how few moquitoes were found in the net . After 3-4 months of use , there is no appreciable decrease in mosquitoes , and we ended up dumping the machine .
 My unit would not start after it 's 5th tank of propane , 15 months after purchase - and only 6 months of running time - and 3 months after warranty expired.Contacted technical support , but none of their recommendations worked . Only service option is a $ 500 power pack replacement , with a 6 month warranty . I would not spend another dollar on this piece of junk . It catches mosquitoes , but certainly will not cover the claimed area . It probably cost me $ 10 for every mosquito I killed . Definitey NOT recommended . Do NOT Buy .
 I am the owner of the Liberty Plus .1 st year I used it -LRB- during our 3 month summer -RRB- it worked great .2 nd year I had to buy a new battery because the original went dead . I called customer service and they said it would take up to 2-3 weeks to get me the new battery . In Wisconsin , that is a large part of my summer . I went to a local battery place and they built one for me .3 rd year - machine will not start up . After trouble shooting with customer service , they determined it was an internal problem -LRB- not the battery -RRB- and I would need to take it to one of their dealers . The closest dealer is 2 hours away . There are only 2 dealers in the entire state.I believe the short warrenty is not appropriate for a $ 600 item . Look at other reviews on other Web sites before you purchase this item . There are numerous machines that quite working after the 1st year .
 product arrived in a damaged condition due to poor packing and rough handling by carrier . Hose reel returned and credit promply issued and received .
 I got this metal detector about a month ago and tried it a couple of times . You can find alot of trash with it . I used at the beach and the only thing I found was a bunch of cans . I buried a gold chain about 12 '' deep and yes it found it but the signal was n't strong . Another thing was that the closer to the water I was getting the more beeps I was getting but as I was digging nothing was coming out ... weird ! I shopped around for 2 months before I got this metal detector and I do n't think was the right choice .
 Why is the man jumping like that?Indians do n't dance like that !
 Purchased a MM Liberty at Home Depot two weeks ago -LRB- Aug 09 -RRB- . Set it up in 10 minutes and easy to start up . After about 20 minutes the light goes from red to green . After an hour or so , the unit had flashing red lights . I re-read the directions and checklists . I restarted the unit 3 or 4 times and ran out of time to mess around . The next day , I changed out the batteries and cleaned out the unit with CO2 as the directions recommends for regular maintenance . I thought maybe I had a bad propane tank . Then I had different flashing lights . I gave up for the day and the unit sat for a couple more days till I had more time to throw away . Now I had about 3-4 hours invested in this silly thing . Then the weekend came around and I called the customer service line . I did what they recommended and got more flashing lights . I then called again and they recommended I send them the unit back VIA UPS . As Home Depot is right down the street , I took the unit back and got another . Guess what , more frustration and the same thing happened . I did n't wait too much longer and brought back this expense piece of junk . Do n't be a victim like me . I never write reviews , but this thing is bad news . I have little kids and thought by buying something expensive , it would work better ... do n't get caught in this trap and stay away ... this is a rip off .
 Before buying one of these you may want to consider the true cost over time.My experience is like that of a lot of other reviewers . The unit worked fine the first year . Costs for that year were for a tank of gas every 3 weeks or so , a Quickclear cartridge -LRB- about $ 5 by the time you pay shipping -RRB- every other tank , and a pack of Octenol - about $ 30 . The problems started in the 2nd year . The unit would not start at the beginning of the season , and took a lot of fiddling about and 3 Quickclear cartridges to get going . All that season , I had to use at least 1 and sometimes 2 cartridges for every tank change , and it would take up to 5-6 tries to get the unit to run.Each year , the problem got worse . Finally , this 4th year , I contacted a service center and they told me I should have been getting the unit serviced every year . They quoted $ 75 plus parts plus shipping for this . -LRB- I got other quotes - all in the same range -RRB- . I was not prepared to pay this , so I did some web research and found a good website that has step-by-step diagnostics . I quickly determined that the thermistor is not working . When I emailed the manufacturer to order a replacement , they refused to supply it , and told me my only option is to contact a certified service agent , who wants $ 75 plus parts plus shipping to fix it . They also told me that they are not allowed to sell the parts.Bottom line is that you should factor in paying $ 100 per season for a service on top of the other costs -LRB- gas , Quickclear cartridges and Octenol -RRB- . I wo n't be buying another product from this firm .
 The defender catches a few mosquitoes when it works . I 'm a long-time owner and unfortunately , the thing works for one season at a time AT BEST . The `` head '' goes out and you have to have it `` serviced '' -LRB- meaning they send you a replacement and you send back the old one -RRB- for 1/3 to 1/2 the purchase price . $ 300 price tag , + monthly costs of $ 40 to $ 60 would be worth it -- if it worked better -- and more importantly , stayed running.Truly , the most frustrating product of any kind I have ever owned . Period.American Biophysics must know about the problems , but continues to put out a faulty product . Hello , blood-sucking , greedy class action lawyers ? Time to file a class action suit ! Do n't waste your money . Buy a trombone type or pump-up sprayer and douse the yard with garlic pepper tea -LRB- get the recipe at dirtdoctor dot com .
 These are great for one season . After that , you will continue to PAY them to `` fix '' it , which amount to it working for another week or two . If you want one , save your sanity and plan to buy a new one annually . The service companies need to be served with a class action suit .
 It catches mosquitoes when it works . I have been unsuccessful to make it operate every spring for the last 3 years . The power pack had to be replaced at MY expense.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY !!!!
 My husband and I have 10 acres with a house , shop and barn for our 6 equines . We got three Defenders -LRB- more on that in a minute -RRB- and put one out , following all of the manufacturer 's recommendations and instructions . It ran for about a season and did great ! It sucked in all the morning and evening mosquitoes and , when we removed the octenol , sucked in the daytime Asian tigers as well . It failed after about a season , and after trying all of the manuf 's recommendations and helpful tips -LRB- `` Go try another CO2 cartridge . '' `` I have tried four already ! '' `` Well , try one more , just to see if it makes the difference . '' -RRB- it still did not work , so we plugged the second one up . It lasted about half a season . We then got one for free from a friend in Texas who said it would not work in his area -LRB- too dry ? too hot ? dunno -RRB- and could n't do anything else with it , and plugged it up . It failed after about three months . Each unit was out of warranty by the time it failed , and it would cost us $ 75 -LRB- plus shipping , I am sure -RRB- to send it for repair , or we were graciously offered a pittance trade-up to purchase one of MM 's new models . My dad bought one around the same time we got our first two , and his failed completely -LRB- within warranty , fortunately ! -RRB- . He sent the power head back to MM and they sent him another one and did not tell him what the problem with his was . His is apparently still working , and really doing a number on the mosquito population in south Louisiana.Bottom line
 Our unit is going back . No problems setting it up or getting it going . However , it was n't catching mosquitos . They would congregate in the air around it -LRB- no suprise considering how thick they are in our yard -RRB- , but the trap has insufficient suction to draw them in .
 I used this for one season . Unlike most of the people who have trouble restarting it , mine is an electrical problem with the unit . The light does n't flash and the fan does n't go on . Tested the voltage at the plug and it 's fine ... so the problem must be with the unit itself . I just wish they could make a reliable version of this thing . It 's great that it is made in the US , but I buy a lot of generic stuff made in China that is more reliable .
 Well I should say that it does catch a lot of mosquitos when its running . The problem is that it is almost never running so it essentially is a very expensive lawn sculpture . I bought this in midyear of last year and managed to keep it going with a lot of work through the season . This year I tried everything to get it started including calling support and since it was less than a year old I was able to return it for a replacement -LRB- rebuilt -RRB- unit . After they replaced it I have was able to keep it running for about a month . Since then it has become harder and harder to get it going and for the last month I ca n't get it to restart at all . There are two reset tools that come with the unit . One uses CO2 cartridges that cost a couple of dollars a piece . Not only have I spent lots of $ $ on cartridges , I even bought a new LP tank just in case the original -LRB- only a year old -RRB- had become contaminated . Nothing helps . This is a very poorly designed piece of equipment that almost never works -LRB- and I 'm a pretty handy guy -RRB- . Bottom line
 I bought this unit because we have a lot of `` no-see-ums '' as well as mosquitos . Aside from the fact there were parts missing from the box and the instructions were rather ambiguous , it seemed to work very well . Attempts to reach the company via phone and email proved fruitless . For the first 2 tanks of fuel it did extremely well and virtually made our waterfront property pest free . Bought CO2 cartridges and cleaned the unit out and for whatever reason , it has n't worked since . Further attempts to get troubleshooting tips from the company were unsuccessful as well . It getting where we want to start sitting outside so I guess I will start fighting the good fight and demand some satisfaction for my hard earned money . I noticed since I bought mine , they have come down in price considerably . Final thoughts , when it works it works well although it is a bit expensive to operate , when you need assistance they just are n't there for you . I found this rather surprising as their literature and product story is all about how smart they are but the end result is that it is n't very smart to abandon your customers .
 We 've owned a Mosquito Magnet for four years and have no shortage of mosquitoes in our back yard with or without the Magnet . The second year I had to return the unit as it repeatedly shut down . The CO2 generator was replaced without charge although upon its return , the summer was almost over . Last year , it ran without problem although the mosquito harvest was unimpressive . This year the CO2 generator failed again and I 'll need to return it now at my expense.Living in Minnesota , I was hoping this device would control our backyard pests but I found the Mosquito Magnet both unreliable and ineffective . I 'm surprised so many are praising the unit . Despite placing the Magnet in multiple locations , mosquito control never approached success . I 'll keep using the Magnet for now only because I ca n't return it .
 I purchased the Mosquito Magnet Defender back in Feb 2004 and have used it for two seasons with no hitches or issues . Each year the MMD has caught hundreds and hundreds of mosquitos in my backyard , but when I tried to start the unit up this season , it wo n't stay on . I 've done all the recommended things ; purge the propane tank , swap out a different tank , use the quick clear valve with CO2 , and use the gas reset tool . It starts up and stays on for about 45 minutes , then shuts off and the ON/OFF button starts doing the quick red flashing thing to indicate that it 's not working.I 've called their technical support and got someone with no knowledge about what to do or how to troubleshoot . I asked her to recommend a shop that might service the MMD and she told me Home Depot . When I contacted my local Home Depot , they told me that they do n't service any of the MM products . It seems like the MM company just does n't understand the concept of customer service.For what it 's worth , the first two years were great , but having to deal with trying to get it working is not . For any product that I invest almost $ 300 in , I 'd expect it to last 5 - 10 years and not 2 years . It seemed like a value up front when I got a good deal on the internet , but now it seems like the tables have turned and I 'm the one that is being short changed.Set your expectations accordingly when buying this product .
 BE CAREFUL WHEN PURCHASING THIS ITEM . I CA N'T REMEMBER WHAT TYPE OF MOSQUITO ATTRACTANT IS USED FOR THE SOUTHERN PART OF THE US BUT IT IS NOT OCTENOL . AS STATED IN THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE MOSQUITO MAGNET . . OCTENOL IS FOR THE NORTHERN STATES AND THERE IS ANOTHER PRODUCT FOR THE SOUTHERN STATES . I PURCHASED BOTH THE MOSQUITO MAGNET AND THE 3-PACK AND NOT VERY IMPRESSED IN THE RESULTS . MAYBE 100 MOSQUITOS IN 1 MONTH WITH 2 COMPLETE PROPANE TANKS . GIVEN THAT I PAID $ 250.00 FOR THE MAGNET AND ANOTHER $ 25.00 FOR THE ATTRACTANT AND ANOTHER $ 40.00 FOR PROPANE . . YOU CAN SEE THAT IT IS PRETTY EXPENSIVE FOR ONLY 100 MOSQUITOS . I AM SURE THAT THE MACHINE WORKS GREAT IN CERTAIN SITUATIONS BUT I AM VERY UPSET THAT AMAZON.COM WILL NOT TAKE THE MACHINE BACK DUE TO THE PROPANE USE . THIS IS NOT MENTIONED ANYWERE IN THE ITEM DESCRIPTION THAT THE UNIT IS NOT RETURNABLE . GOOD LUCK
 I ran it for three summers total - bought expensive tanks of propane -LRB- about 3 per summer -RRB- and the replacement attractants ... to catch a grand total of 10 mosquitos.A rolled up newspaper is cheaper , as is going inside .
 Let me start by saying this was given as a gift or I would have never have purchased it for the $ $ $ . I got it 3 years ago first year worked great wow what a great invention . . last year it semi worked spent more time blinking then actually running . . But I also got lazy with not changing the tank every 21 days . . it was more like ohh lets say every 40ish days . . then this year pulled it out set it up and all this blasted thing does it blink ... ok I will call customer service . . HAHAHAHAHA what a joke . First of all I was on hold for 45 minutes ... yes I waited ... They problarly hoped I would get tired of holding and hang up but not me im determined . After all that time on hold they tell me to do the same things I have been doing . . goodbye click no other help ... okkkkk well I finally by some chance of god it started to work . . but alas the tank ran out so where am I now ? A blinking mosquito magnet , a yard full of mosquitos , and 45 million bites on me ... Thats it im dumping this piece of carp . I dont think the $ $ $ is worth it for 1 good year of use . . save your money buy candles instead .
 I ordered the Mosquito Magnet used . It is not working properly and I a few days ago , they have not written back to me for me to return it for a refund.I am going to contact Amazon if I dont hear soon . the Propane fitting leaks and the on/off switch does not work .
 Having read different reviews on this website , I was not sure if it would work . But the mosquito bites were so irritating and I was desperate . Tried different location and called the health department . I was told we had FOREST DAY MOSQUITO . They look like Asian Tiger mosquito . In the beginning , I did n't put the attractant . Did n't catch even one mosquito . Later I put the attractant , caught some black small insects , but all the biting mosquitoes flew around me and this equipment ... laughing . I got so many bites . This thing does n't work . Very disappointed ... keep looking for solutions .
 I think it is a real tragedy that this company is still allowed to peddle this piece of junk .
 It worked for 1.5 tanks of propane . It never started again . At least the Coleman worked for 1 season . I 'd give that one 2 stars !
 Will not start in Spring start-up . 8 units in 8 years ! Buy for 1 season 's use ; you wo n't get a second . Trying the Nosquito Mosquito vacuum this year .
 I bought this last year and it did work fine but as so many have said tried to start it this year and yo and behold fault light comes on . 4 quick clean cartriges and no help from customer service do not waste your money
 The product captured a few mosquitoes for 3 weeks after I tried to switch out the tank , it failed to work . After multiple phone calls with tech support I was told I need original receipt from purchase -LRB- I could not locate it -RRB- to have it serviced . Returned the item to Home Depot for in store credit and bought some candles and mosquito repellent . It does n't work and it 's not worth the hassle trying to fix it . Maybe the company can redesign it to have better results .
 Expensive hunk of junk . Orig . purchase date Nov. 2006 , after the first one we 'd bought quit working just a little after the warranty period ended . The ` head ' on this Defender has been repaired three times and replaced twice . If you get a replacement head from them , there is no additional warranty past your original purchase date -LRB- even though they sent you a new one ! -RRB- . Save your money for something else . Ours is dead again . We purchased an inexpensive replacement plan through Amazon , but we 're done with the Defender-we 're throwing it away .
 In the 1st year they replaced my unit after 6 months , that unit worked 2 years with no problems . I get into my 2nd tank of gas this year and the unit craps out . I did all the tricks with no results , this ones a goner.A device that costs this much should last at least 5 years.Forget the class action , the lawyers get a big payday and we get a coupon for a free box of Octenol , yea right.I realize that this is not a repair thread but I feel the need to pass this on : I had a code on my unit that said the unit was not getting enough gas -LRB- slow blinking red -RRB- . I read on another site where one guy attached a shop vac to the horn and got his unit to work . I did the same with my sears shop vac , pushed it into the horn area -LRB- without the bait in and where the octenol is -RRB- and turned the shop vac on for a few minutes . My machine now works . I would recommend doing this with a large vac due the large vacuum you get . Better than spending $ 200 for a repair person .
 My first unit failed after 2 days . My second unit failed after one month . The third unit worked for one year but appears to now have given up the ghost.The unit is extremely sensitive and will very often fail to start . The only indication is the blinking red light . I was told I should make sure to get `` high quality '' propane ! Thats a joke , propane is propane.The real tip was when I returned my unit . I took it to a shipping center to make sure it got packed right . I asked them if they knew how to pack one of these units . They said `` oh yes , we ship several of these back to the manufactorer every DAY ! '' . Its too bad because when the unit works it really really works ... catching hundreds or thousands per day .
 I wish that I had read the other reviews prior to purchase . The machine worked once for a few days , ineffective so I put it away until next season . This year could not start despite three purgings with CO2 , reset gas , new tanks , etc , etc. . Airheads at help desk worthless and not worth resending to an irresponsible manufacturer for another repair fee . It is sad to see the consumer taken advantage of by defective products that should be recalled . When it runs , it may be effective but the volume of similar complaints on Amazon and other websites indicate a clearly defective product . This should be the grounds for a class action suit against the manufacturer or they should send a recall notice and extend the warranty . What a classless outfit . Anyone that wants a secondary repair business is welcome to my kit .
 I 've had my mosquito magnet defender for 3 years . It worked exceptionally well for most of the first season , killing a lot of mosquito and tiny black flies that are a nuisance . It stopped working after about 4 or 5 refills of propane . I then sent it back to the factory for service where I was charged over $ 100 to get it running again . It lasted for about a month and died again . I sent it back with a nasty gram expressing my displeasure . It was repaired at no additional charge and returned but not until the mosquito season was over . I started it up again this spring only to have it stop operation after the first tank of propane . I 've given up . I do not want to loose another season while these guys fiddle around with the unit so I 'm probably going to try the mega-catch brand next . The reviews are much better .
 I have had the same experience as so many others posting here . The Defender worked great the first summer . At the start of the second season , it would shut off after the initial cleaning and set-up . I never could get it to run again . A very expensive purchase for one season !
 After a couple of tanks of propnae the trap would not ignite . Tried using two quick clear CO2 cartridges which did not do anything at all .
 have owned the defender unit for years - has never worked right . tried it again this year , hoping against hope , that it might work ... nothing . used quick clear cartridges , reset tool , et al ... just wo n't stay on . continue to get the mysterious fast blinking light . a total -LRB- and I mean TOTAL -RRB- waste of time and money . find another solution .
 This is the worst purchase I have ever made ! It has caused my husband and me more problems then you could believe ! It worked great for the first year and we raved about it to our friends and family . Then the next year it started shutting off all the time . So after we replaced the propane take a few times , cleaned the lines with the CO2 , replaced the net and cartridges , and whatever else we could do we called the Mosquito Magnet people . They directed us to a different company -LRB- since our warrantee was up by like a month -RRB- . This other company was awful to deal with . They were rude and not helpful at all when you could actually get them on the phone -LRB- after arguing with them they avoided our calls -RRB- . My husband called and told them that he thought it was the regulator that had gone bad and asked them to send us one . The company said that they could n't do that but if we packed the whole thing up and sent it back to them they would fix it and return it to us . The charge was supposed to be $ 75 and that included a one year warrantee and shipping which they e-mailed us a packing slip to stick on the box and UPS came to pick it up . So , after a few weeks we saw a charge of $ 93 on our credit card from them and when we called -LRB- it was more then we approved them to charge the card for and we still did n't have the magnet back yet -RRB- they told us that the extra $ 18 was for them to ship it back to us and it should be here in a week !!! I was so mad ! They then told us they only cover shipping one way ! If that were so do n't you think it would be easier for us to pay to ship it to them and then them to pay to ship it back instead of the other way ?! So we got it back and it did n't work ... big surprise . We called again and they wanted us to send it back again but we insisted they send us a regulator and finally they did but they tried to charge us for it -LRB- what happened to the warrantee ? -RRB- . We fought about the charges for the shipping and for the new regulator and finally we got them to send us a new regulator . As for the shipping cost ... the credit card company ended up taking care of it since it was not a big enough amount for them to go back at the for . Bottom line ... the company sucks and so does the magnet.PS ... The new regulator ... blew off again so the thing still does n't work . FYI ... the repair company said that they have also had reports of the regulator blowing up before . How safe is that when the thing sits 6 feet from your house and kids attached to a propane take !
 We live in Georgia on a 3/4 acre wooded lot . Mosquitos are terrible here . Bought this product and it caught nothing . Figuring we may have Asain Tiger Mosquitos , we did n't put in that `` O '' Cartridge and still nothing . Not worth the buy at all ! May work if you live in the Everglades where catching Mosquitos with a net is a past time . I 'm taking it back !
 I borrowed this from a neighbor , who had not tried it and was not using it . Bought a propane tank , bought both kinds of `` attractants '' and fired it up . Ran for two days . Number of mosquitos caught ? Exactly oneAm I doing something wrong ? No doubt this would be the claim . I followed all directions carefully , did all the maintenance , and nothing . Seems to me this is a waste of money
 I purchased one of these and followed the instructions exactly . It worked -LRB- but not great -RRB- for about a few weeks . Then it flashed a `` fault '' light . I checked the propane tank , `` flushed the lines '' with these little cartridges , called the company numerous times etc etc etc. . It is expensive and caught about 200 mosquitoes total . My neighbors have this as well , and have to fiddle with it constantly , mail back to the company repeatedly and generally do n't like it either . I recommend no one buy this unless you have a lot of time and like to tinker with unreliable equipment .
 We live in Central Florida and have a lot of mosquitos and no-see-ums . At first we could n't be happier with the Mosquito Magnet . It cleared out our mosquitos and no-see-ums . It was wonderful so we recommended it to all our freinds and neighbors . The second season , just after our warranty expired , the unit stopped working . We spoke with the technician and still could n't get it working . Because we still believed in MM , we agreed to return the unit and pay 1/2 the original price for a replacement -LRB- refurbished -RRB- unit . That unit lasted about 2 months and it too quit . My husband got so frustrated with it , he stuck in into the shed and left it there . We tried again this year with still no success . Right now we have a very large plastic boat anchor , lots of mosquitos and no-see-ums . If anyone can recommend a unit that works for more than a year ... . let us know .
 We bought this gadget in May 2007 based on a stellar review in my `` Good Housekeeping '' magazine . I also called a local hardware store to see if we could purchase it here in Charlotte , NC . The manager of the store said it was only available via mail order , but that numerous customers had brought their mosquito nets in to show him thousands of mosquitoes caught by the Magnet . What you do n't know when you purchase this item is that it can not be set up anywhere in your yard that is not protected from rainfall . If you set it up near shrubs , etc. , as instructed , it will be exposed to the elements . We were forced to set the Mosquito Magnet up underneath our patio roof . We captured less than six mosquitoes in 6 weeks . If you do n't have the perfect setup -LRB- near vegetation , but protected from rain -RRB- , do n't bother ordering it.Mosquito Magnet 4000MM Mosquito Magnet Defender
 Here is the saga of my Mosquito Magnet in Cliff Notes form :1 st year - Worked great the 1st year .2 nd Year - Would n't work when I took it out of storage despite feeding it plenty of CO2 cartridges . Shipped it off to their preferred repair vendor . Came back and still did n't work . Shipped it back and they returned it ; it worked . Took about a month and 1/2 to get it back so I asked them to extend the 12 month warranty on the repair . Which they did .3 rd Year - Would n't work again despite going through their recommended warm up cycle -LRB- Cycle it 4 times in a row and then put 3 or 4 CO2 cartridges through it -RRB- . Sent it back to them under warranty . They actually got it back to me quickly this year . It only took about a week and 1/2 . They did try to charge me for shipping but I contacted American Express to complain and the charges were denied -LRB- I never gave them my Amex charge this year , they kept it on file and tried to slip it through without me noticing it -RRB- . Well this year it actually worked the 1st time when I got it back , but only for the 1st 21 days . It 's sitting in my backyard right now blinking away . I 've used the quick-clear and the valve clear and it just wo n't light . I believe it is still under the extended repair but I am not sure they will even honor it.If they do n't , I think I 'm done with it . We 'll use spray and citronella . Anyone want some unused C02 cartridges , octenol and defender nets ?
 I bought my first Mosquito Magnet several years ago . They no longer sell or service that model called the industrial model . It worked reasonably well but had start up problems . I sent it back for power head repairs three times . Last year I purchased a Liberty model and had to also send it back twice within a year for repair . It has stopped working again and it is no longer under warranty . The long and short of it is these things only work for about a year . They do catch mosquitoes but have a design flaw . They flat out do not last . I live in the Florida Keys and if they worked and held up I would have them all over my property . However , I would have to have a full time repairperson on the payroll .
 This item did not work at all for me - it caught a few gnats over the course of 1 season with various placements all over my 2 acre mosquito infested yard.If you were to calcuate the cost per catch including the Octenol which needs replacing regularly along with the propane -LRB- 2-3weeks -RRB- + the unit , you will likely rather faint and spray yourself down with octenol as you lay on your lawn at dusk before you would purchase this unit again.Whatever you do , READ THE RETURN POLICY VERY CAREFULLY - they make NO exceptions .
 I have owned this product for 4/5 years . I lived in an house that backed up to conservation/wetlands and the mosquitos , literally , made my backyard unlivable without dousing yourself in deet spray first . The initial year I purchased the product , there was intermittent problems each time I changed the gas bottle , but I followed the directions for clearing the line before each start up and would rotate bottles until it worked.The production was incredible and with immense impact to the mosquito population in the backyard . I would have to empty the net in May every two weeks - it would be full !! After that , it would dwindle to half and quarter capacity per month . My family and I could go in the backyard with , perhaps , a scant siting of a mosquito . Skip two years down the road ... I could n't get the machine to stay in the on position without faulting and shutting off . I had ot repaired at a costly $ 100 and used it for about another year . Then ... Another year down the road and I ca n't get the thing to start again . I am extremely dissatisfied . The sensor unit is way too sensitive and must take nothing for it to be breached.Do yourself a favor and buy several bug lights instead or , if you have enough $ $ , a spare mosquito magnet . Some available cash for repairs might want to be left in teh budget too .
 We bought the Mosquito Magnet two years ago . It has never worked ! Only thing I get is the fault light . For two seasons I tried everything the company told me -LRB- CO2 , New Bottle , different techniques to open bottle valve -RRB- and nothing . We pressed , all the company would offer is for me to take it to one of their repair sites at my expense ! They never admitted I got a lemon . I just purchased the Blue Rhino Skeeter-Vac . Awesome ! Works from right out of the box and has not stopped for 1 month . I took my Mosquito Magnet to the landfill last week .
 I bought a Mosquito Magnet from Amazon last year . Caught quite a few mosquitoes , so I was happy . This year , I ca n't get the thing to transition from start-up to operation -LRB- orange to green LED -RRB- . I 've cleaned everything , checked that the thermistor works , etc. . I can see that the catalytic converter is getting hot , but still no dice . Hopeless product , stay away from it .
 Used one of these for 6 weeks on the Eastern Shore of MD and did n't catch 6 mosquitos in that time . They do n't tell you until you open the box that you should n't use the octenol if you have Asian Tiger mosquitos which is what we mainly have.Out the price of 2 tanks of propane and a third spare tank I had purchased , but I returned the `` magnet '' to Hom . Depo . for a refund.They should n't sell these things in states that they do n't work in .
 Worked for approximately 2 weeks , then quit . Have tried every trouble-shooting step in the manual to no avail . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk .
 The Mosquito Magnet , even the `` pro '' really , really expensive models , work maybe for a year and then quit . Then , if you 're silly like we were , you send them even more money , and then they quit working after a year . Do n't waste your money !
 One of the costliest mistakes I ever made was purchasing this device -LRB- actually two of them ! -RRB- to control mosquitoes in the yard . Yes , it caught mosquitoes , but it did not eliminate the problem ; the yard was still a mosquito zone despite two operating machines . The problem was that while the machine does catch mosquitoes , it does not catch enough of them to make a serious dent in the overall population . It was not until I sprayed the yard with Cutter Bug-Free BackyardCutter Bug Free Backyard 32 oz Ready-to-Spray Hose End Insect Repellent Concentrate HG-61067 , that I finally got rid of the mosquitoes.I did not like this product for many reasons
 This is the trap available at my local hardware . Mine worked fantastically the first year . Second year , inadequate . I attempted to repair it but found no customer support . A dealer in Florida sent me a refurbished head - still inadequate . I bought another new one two years ago and it worked great for one year . Do n't buy this lemon unless you want to spend $ 75 a month controlling mosquitoes .
 Besides the cost of propane and attractant cartridges you have to buy about every 21 days , you need to figure in the cost of using 1 of the CO2 Quick-clean cartridges at each tank refill , at a cost of about $ 4 each . Depending on what you pay for the propane , attractant and CO2 cartridges , it sums up to a cost of $ 20 around or more at each tank refill . Since you have to refill the propane tank , replace the attractant and use the Quick-clean every 21 days , this adds up to an operating cost of over $ 400 per year ! I 'm posting this because it is something you may need to budget for and should seriously consider before buying .
 Like other posters here , I have had ongoing problems with my mosquito magnet . First year - worked great , second year - would n't start , had to purchase an expensive maintenance kit , then it worked for the rest of the summer , third year - dead again.Unless they have greatly improved their quality or their warranty , I would n't purchase it .
 My magnet has been running for four weeks now and it only caught 10 mosquitos . I think the 10 it did catch was due purely because of luck.We sat on the patio one night and noticed mosquitos EVERYWHERE , but none going IN the trap . I figured it would have a few dozen in it by morning . Checked trap the next morning and NOTHING was in the net!Ours is going back .
 I tried both Mosquito Magnet and the Colman version.We have thousands of mosquito 's around our property . Both magnets were rotated around the acre in all the hot spots.Not one mosquito caught.We made sure to follow the instructions Exactly . We replaced the machine and did everything the manufacturer said.We returned both.Total waste of money.The best way is to use the 5 gallon bucket with boron and W/D40 . I am looking for the exact mix online.Its free and it is said to work better than all other products together.When you return your Magner , find the mix for the bucket and watch it work .
 Unfortunately this product did not work for us . We did not see a single mosquito in this trap totally usless . Not recomended !
 I purchased the defender 2 years ago and now it does not work I would consider an item of this price to last for at least 5 years . What do you buy today that does not last 5 years ? When calling the technical support center I was advised to send it in for a reconditioned one fo $ 175 . There was no help offered - no serviable parts . I got the impression that this is what happens after 2 years of use . Concsider that your maitainance fee for this product - every 2 years you will pay 175 to this company for a refurbished one . Over 5 years this product will cost you $ 700 and a lot of grief . I believe their main business is refurbing old units .
 We have terrible mosquito infestations in our area , which keep most residents indoors most of the summer . I have owned two of the Mosquito Magnet products , a Defender I bought new from Home Depot about 7 or 8 years ago , and a smaller , older unit I got for cheap at a garage sale several years later . Really great idea , uses propane to generate heat and CO2 , which it gently blows out to lure mosquitoes , then a gentle vacuum fan sucks them in and collects them in a trap . It even has a lure chamber for octenol mosquito lure , which I found did not help in my area -LRB- central Texas -RRB- , with or without tiger mosquitoes . You really want this to work
 Very disappointed . The amount paid is not worth it . You have to get a new tank about every 2 weeks and we are still getting `` eaten up '' every time we are outside .
 Yeah I have gotten 2 of them -LRB- new -RRB- . I always get new when a piece of electronic equipment breaks down -LRB- The first one would not stay on after 1st season -RRB- . The new one # 2 wo n't stay on after its 1st season , either.What a piece of junk as far as reliability goes . When it works , it works good . When it does not work -LRB- after you use it a little while -RRB- it is seen for what it is.Stay away and use DEET
 I wish I had read these reviews before I bought this thing . I had much the same experience . The machine will kill mosquitos but it will probably only last for one season . I used mine for about five months and stored in in the garage for the winter . Next season it ran for 2 or 3 weeks and quit . I performed all the little tricks required to get it started 3 or 4 times . It did n't start . I foolishly sent it to a repair center in Durham , California for a $ 90 Diagnostic Check which their form said would potentially fix the machine without further repairs . That did n't happen . After two weeks they sent an email notice that they were overwhelmed with repair orders and it would be 55-65 days before they could check my machine . That should tell you something . After two months I received a copy of the estimated repairs which would be an additional $ 130 , or they would dispose of the machine . After only five months use , they had to replace the igniter , recondition the thermistor , replace the internal carburetor , adust the regulator , correct a fuel leak , and correct the gas flow . My total cost including shipping was $ 255 which was about what I paid for it new . I am now concerned about how much more use I will get from it . This product should be taken off the market until serious design changes are made .
 I bought three units for my three acre yard . Total , I caught about 100 mosquitos . All three units stopped working after only one season.This is quite possibly the biggest scam evAr . I honestly do not understand how this company can stay in business.Save your money . Keep your yard cut short , and empty any standing water .
 This product did attract the mosquitos it caught hundreds.On its third month it stopped working.It will not start we used up 6 co2 silver clearance things . We have tried 3 differant propane tanks . One is a totally new one and had it purged as they say.I have fiddled and worked trying to get it started for a month now with no joy.Sadly I have to say its just poorly made product and I can not recomend it .
 The mosquito magnet does not work in Arlington , Texas . They sent me a different atracterant and it did not work either . This is the biggest money waste I have encountered . We can not use our yard because of mosquitoes and this expensive damn thing did not do any good at all . Please do n't waste your money on the Mosquito Magnet . It does not work !!!!!
 Had it running for two tanks of propane and had no effect on being bitten by mosquito 's .
 I have had nothing but trouble with the defender , after only one year . But the icing on the cake is the fact that it keeps shutting down after about 6 hours . Their response , if I have used a zillion C02 cylinders to try and clear and it still does n't work , it could be that it is getting too hot so move it out of the sun ! Move it out of the sun ??? This is an outdoor mosquito magnet with tons of instructions on where to put it to catch the mosquitos - now I ca n't put it in the sun in the optimal place that they suggest ! I think the optimal place is in my big green plastic thing that gets collected every week at the end of the driveway .
 I noticed that people either love or hate their mosquito magnet , so I was hesitant to buy one , but it seemed that most people got at least one good year out of it . All the rain we have had in the Northeast this spring guarantees a bumper summer for mozzies , so I thought it would be worth taking the chance.After ten days I have caught about a dozen mosquitos . The beasts love it , they are flying all around it , they bite me whenever I go to check it!I suppose I am lucky that it failed from the outset , because I am packing it back in its box and returning it for a refund . -LRB- But I will still be out of pocket for shipping and the cost of a tank and propane . -RRB- Do not buy this machine !
 Yes the `` Defender '' got great reviews-if you live on the east coast.This piece of junk did n't catch a single mosquito during a 2 month period . Yeah watched the video , moved the unit with wind changes , experimented with attractant . Changed the propane 2x , blew out the orrifice.Only wish I could return this waste of money.Check with your local health dept first before buying !
 After moving the East Coast and having ourselfs and our children look like we had some type of virus from all of the mosquito bites we got . We went on the scout ... we used the skin so soft , the smelly skin sprays , we thought it was time to invest in this expensive product . After finding out this was the best Mosquito Magnet on the market we bought it . It ran for 3 days and we caught one mosquito and a pincher bug . We returned it and spent the money on 15 Mosquito Lanterns and more spray . It seems to be working out better than the mosquito magnet , and it is cheaper too ! I gave it one star for the one mosquito we caught , after all it is a great idea if it worked .
 This thing is an absolute waste of money . It worked for 1 season , then trying to start it for the next year , it only runs for 12 hours then stops . They only have 2 suggestions for ANY problem that you run into = reset the cylinder -LRB- they supply you with a soft plastic rest tool that is useless after about 2 uses -RRB- and use CO2 cylinders to clean the thing out -LRB- at a cost of $ 3 each -RRB- . Neither work - their next suggestion , send it to our service center = and for about $ 100 we will fix it ! Thats over 33 % of the original cost for 6 months use ! Like other reviewers , I am kicking myself for buying this bug killer , avoid like the plaque !
 The concept of the item is excellent . We have had a similar product by a different manufacturer . That one came equipped with a timing mechanizm that allowed you to set when the machine functions . Functioning in the mid day is a waste of time . 3 hrs before dawn and 3hrs before dusk is the time to use this type machine . This product is JUNK . From its pastic stand to its need to be cleaned every 21 days . pure JUNK . Until it is improved to deal with the timing issue , STAY AWAY . Instead , get a bat house for $ 29 and attactant for batts , get a Purple Martin Castle for $ 59 and get Praying Mantis eggs . These voracious natural predators will make your property safe and sound . I thought the MM would help . but this model really sucks ... Dissatisfied in Virginia .
 Set up in the back yard last July . Worked great ... caught net fulls of mosquitos . Stored it as they recommended for the winter.Took it out a week ago . Used new cartridge , net and propane tank . . NOTHINGTalked to customer support and got no where . Re-cleaned the unit , another propane tank - another cylinder . Still nothing . Its JUNK !
 I am dumbfounded at the reviews that say this machine does n't work as advertised , as well as some other pronouncements such as it has to be kept out of the rain . This is the third summer using the same machine for me and it has run flawlessly until now . I live in rural Alaska where we definitely have bugs to be caught , more than most places ! All three seasons have yielded countless thousands of captured mosquitos and gnats . Our yard is relatively bug free by mid to late summer as a result . It works as advertised . Furthermore , I have always situated it near trees and brush , but never out of the rain . It gets rained on regularly and this has no negative affect on performance.Having said all this , I filled my tank one more time for this season -LRB- third summer of use -RRB- and the machine will no longer stay running . I get a fault light after 10-12 minutes . I have tried all the standard troubleshooting techniques , using CO2 cartridges and the inline reset tool , all to no avail . Then I came here to read reviews and found that many others have gotten 1 or 2 seasons out of this machine before it did this very thing . I guess I was lucky because I got almost 3 full seasons before mine died . I definitely wo n't buy this brand again with so many people experiencing the same thing . It 's too expensive at even $ 100/year plus consumables , assuming it runs for 3 years . Guess I 'll try another brand next year .
 I bought the mosquito magnet defender at a local target store last June . The thing cought very few mosquitos for about 6 weeks -LRB- I would say under 20 in all that time -RRB- . After that time , the thing would not keep running . It would shut off on its own like it had no propane . We stored it for the winter and are now trying to get it to work with no avail . I just ordered another $ 50 worth of co2 cartridges and adapters to clear the lines and still wo n't work . The company wo n't replace w/out receipt and Target wo n't do anything after 90 days . My fault I guess for not keeping receipt . I just assumed the thing would work . Live and learn . If it sounds to good to be true it probably is . Not happy being out $ 400 .
 I have had this product two years and it does seem to work . I did n't have a lot of mosquitos where I live and this unit helped rid most of the rest . I also used mosquito dunks in all the standing water near my house and installed a bat house . I did all the maintenance and troubleshooting required and given in the instructions but my Mosquito Magnet Defender would n't start up this season . I called the company but no one had a clue on how to fix it except there is a place that will do so for $ 85 plus shipping costs . American Biophysics , the manufacturer , offered to sell me a new head for about $ 150.00 . This product is also costly the operate . You have to refill the propane tank every 3 weeks at $ 15.00 each time , plus replace the Octenal cartridge , and you have to buy these oddball CO2 cartridges -LRB- which only American Biophysics seems to sell at several times the cost of a normal CO2 cartridge -RRB- to maintain the unit and you can see if you do the math it really adds up . The product is only worth it if you are rich and really desperate to get rid of mosquitos . Figure out your costs before you buy and plan on replacing the head for $ 150 every two years .
 Mosquito Magnet products do not last . Through warranty replacement and upgrades , I have owned four units over five years . None have lasted through the second season . The last unit -LRB- which is MY LAST UNIT -RRB- worked less than 60 days . Support is poor and quality is nil . The mosquitos caught cost me several dollars each .
 I purchased two Mosquito Magnet Defenders last Summer and never could get one of them to work . Called the service number and was given the run around -LRB- different stories about what the problem was -RRB- for about a week and finally told that it must be that the propane tank needed `` purging '' . Had the tank purged -- did n't work . Bought a new tank -- did n't work . Swapped tanks with the one that did work -- did n't work . Piece of garbage with bad service . The one that works does great . But pretty expensive when you have to buy two for one working model . And frustrating when the company wo n't stand by it 's product .
 The Mosquito Magnet catches mosquitoes , but its not reliable , and the cost for repairs is high . I purchased a Defender model about a year ago , and it worked great coming out of the box . However , within three months it malfunctioned and had to be sent back for repairs . I stored the unit in my garage over the winter , and tried to reactivate it this spring . While trying to reactivate the unit I broke the quick value , and tried to order a replacement from the factory , but they refused to supply the replacement part and required me to send the unit back to their service center to have this screw in valve replaced . I sent it back and was given an estimate in excess of $ 100 for repairs , plus approximately a $ 18 cost for the broken part . When I refused to pay this estimate , the service center finally agreed to return my unit with the replacement part . I had to unscrew 4 screws , unscrew the broken valve , screw in the replacement value , and replace the 4 screws , I was through within 5 minutes . The unit worked fine for 6 weeks , and now is malfunctioning with a different kind of failure . I called technical support and went through their suggested procedures , which included removing the extension power cord and replacing the propane tank . None of their suggestions worked , and I now have to send it back to Mosquito Magnet 's service center . I expect the cost to exceed $ 100 plus shipping charges , and it will be weeks before it 's returned.I would recommend against purchasing this product , unless you purchase two of them - One for the back yard , and a backup that will be alternately shipped to Mosquito Magnet 's service center . Furthermore I suggest you budget an extra $ 200.00 per year for repairs service .
 I bought three of these Mosquito Magnet units . They worked well for a few months then no longer worked by the end of the season . Three units , without even one working , says to me that this is a defective design . I tried to clean them with the compressed CO2 cartridges this week , in preparation for a new season , and all I get is the `` fault '' light . Do n't buy.P.S . I have never written a review about any product but I feel cheated by this one .
 I bought mine in 2004 , and it does suck in the mosquitos - but this summer -LRB- the beginning of my 3rd summer with it -RRB- , it would n't start . Sent an email to tech support after I have done everything suggested on their website - they have no useful information , and tell me that they can do a ` tune up ' for $ 130 , and it comes with a 1 year warantee . I figure that was way too much , so I decided to open it up and look around the inside.Overall , I 'm not impressed with the build quality - the electronics inside are not protected , and many of the traces were oxidized and/or delaminated from the PC board . Considering this is something that is to be used continuously outdoors -LRB- and only outdoors -RRB- , at the very least I would have expected it to be conformally coated . It is n't . The electronics are only protected in the most basic sense - from rain directly on the PCB . Otherwise , it is open to the environment . The sensor that serves as the heat detector -LRB- which tells the device that the CO2 is being generated -RRB- is held on with a plastic screw - and it is quite obvious that the screw failed due to heat - I found the head in the base of the unit , discolored brown from the heat . What 's left of the screw is brittle plastic , and stuck in the manifold.For the price of the unit , I am definitely not impressed . While it does catch mosquitos , the unit is not built to last much beyond the warantee period . If their tune-up was a bit more reasonably priced , I 'd consider it . Considering the price of the unit , it is probably better to think of the whole thing as a disposable item , and replace it with a newer model -LRB- or try out a competitor 's product -RRB- .
 The first time I tried to clear the unit I had a l-shaped adapter . Damn thing blew apart . Low and behold , they had a different design , now . The unit worked ok for abot a year and one-half , then I started getting the famous error light flashing . I cleared it four times w/co2 , got a new tank of popane , reset the regulator . The whole nine yards , but nothing worked . When I called tech support , all they could say was that it was an internal problem and to send it back at my cost and they would send me another at $ 130 = 19.95 shipping again . Then I said that 's not bad for a new unit , to which she replied that it was refurbished . I asked why the could not send me the internal parts . Ca n't do it . Hey , what a deal . I passed on this golden opportunity . Maybe someone else makes amore reliable unit that does the same function .
 It worked great for one season but when I went to start it up for this season it would n't start . I did everything the manual and website said to do when I put it away last fall and did everything the manual and website said to start it up this spring , including wasting three of the `` clean out '' cartridges and it still does n't work . Plan on buying a new one every year if this is the one you choose . Their tech support does not answer emails and the wait for them to answer the phone is nearly endless.Bottom line
 Do n't bother . I 've had mine for two summers . The first summer -LRB- when it actually worked -RRB- , the effect was minimal . The second summer , it never would start up . I tried everything in the manual and online . Forget about real tech support or warranty work.This is simply not a device worth your time or money .
 OK , when the product works , it DOES kill mosquitoes , BUT it only lasts about a year!This is my second one -LRB- Defender -RRB- as I thought the design had been improved . -LRB- the addition of the Quick Clear feature -RRB- There is a reason American Biophysics sold this portion of the company off.Woodstream -LRB- the company that has the Defender and Liberty -RRB- basically says if you are past the one year warranty , too bad , buy a new one .
 We bought one two years ago , worked fine , except for the buried power cord that was cut over first winter . This year it worked for first two tanks , then stopped . After 3 phone calls to Woodstream customer service , a new tank , multiple resets and CO2 cartridge clean outs , and a complete take apart , it still shuts down . A call to a repair facility indicated they could fix it for about $ 90 , but would only estimate one year of dependable use . I 'm giving up and trying another brand , probably next year . Very expensive product for 2 years of use . Poor value .
 We tried the defender model , for 3 weeks . Mosquitos sat on the device and were not drawn in . We wonder if it has enough suction power . Support line is busy and a long wait . About 25-50 were trapped in 3 weeks . We want it to work , may try another . Just check the retailer return policy .
 Biophysics got bought out by Woodstream . Customer service is now about as bad as you can get . Trying to get a replacement part for a part they recalled . However their customer service keeps promising the part is going to be send and then keeps delaying delivery . Before long the summer will be over and I will not need a mosquito magnet .
 We had bad luck with our Mosquito Magnet Defender . It was great until the propane tank ran out after 2.5 weeks . Proprane tanks in Maryland are only filled to about 15lbs , so the Defender only lasts 2.5 weeks for each tank . You should know you spend about $ 60 every tank exchange between the proprane price , the Lurex attractant cartridge for Maryland Mosquitos , and the Co2 cleaning cartridges . We got a rapid flashing red light after the first tank ran out and it never worked again . The company helped us troubleshoot the Defender for 3 weeks . They know there are alot of things wrong with their manual directions , but they have n't stopped selling this model . After much time wasted and spending $ 30 on Co2 cartridges , we gave up . The company blames sediment and inconsistencies in the proprane tanks instead of their sesitive mechanics . The company needs to work the bugs out of their machine . Luckily for us , Home Depot took it back and we got most of our money back . I hope they sent the machine back to the company so they get the message !
 This product is so poor that I have to strongly suggest not purchasing it . It will possibly work the first year you have it - with excessive help from customer support -LRB- I required a new power supply -RRB- , but I never was able to keep it running without it shutting down for more than a few days . It just was n't worth the trouble . After the first year - you 're totally screwed . They wo n't even fix it if you want to pay them .
 DO NOT BUY Mosquito Magnet Defender!I bought it encouraged by favorable magazine and Amazon.com reviews . Unfortunately , I am very unhappy with my purchase . After running it non stop for 14 days I only caught about 30mosquitoes -LRB- that 's 2.14 per day -RRB- . The manual is very poorly written . Troubleshooting guide offers tests for airflow , essential for catching the beasts -LRB- very confusing -RRB- but NO SOLUTION if the test fails . Also , their placement instructions are impossible to follow if it 's not a square open space with no wind . I called their Tech Support . I was on hold for 13 minutes , and was told by the rep that normal holding time is 45 minutes -LRB- now I know why - everybody is having problems with those machines ! -RRB- He also offered conflicting info on where the horn is on my unit -LRB- the book does n't specify ! -RRB- - first he said it was 5 inches above the CO2 tube , than agreed that it has to be no more than 1-2 '' . To sum it up - the machine is expensive to operate -LRB- propane and electricity -RRB- , and in 21 days I need to refill the propane tank and replace the attractant . -LRB- more expense -RRB- . In the meantime - we 're getting bitten just like before . Recently I have read in Time Magazine that Biophysics -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- is using an attractant that smells like livestock -LRB- not - like people -RRB- and only SOME species are attracted to it . I am really sorry I bought the Defender - $ $ $ is way too much to catch 2.14 mosquitoes a day - I could accomplish that with a fly swatter !
 I would not recommend this product or buying one online . We spent so much money to get this product and now it does not even work . I would not purchase one online . If you get a faulty one -LRB- which is highly likely -RRB- then you will have to deal directly with the manufacturer to get a new one . They will tell you that you need to purge your brand new propane tank -LRB- which we did -RRB- only to find that it still does not work . If you decide to purchase one I would recommend a local retailer that way you can return it for a full refund if it does not work . It is not worth saving the extra bucks b/c now we have not saved any b/c of all of the headaches and $ $ $ we have had trying to get it to work . My neighbor has one that does not work either and says that the quality has gone down since the popularity of the magnets have risen .
 I 've had two . Each lasted about three months . The Mosquito Magnet company makes a fortune off trying to help you fix them with quick clear valves , which do n't help . Only buy one if you want it for one summer only .
 I bought this thing 2 seasons ago and I caught nothing but a few gnats after blowing through a lot of money on propane . I consulted with Mosquito Magnet as well about my placement and tried many different locations and never caught anything though while I was moving this piece of junk around the yard I was eaten alive.I have Asian Tiger mosquitoes which are the black ones with a white stripe that are taking over the southeast and this device is useless against them.This week I had Mosquito Nix installed and within ONE DAY all my mosquitoes are gone ! I threw my Mosquito Magnet in the dumpster today . I have no desire to waste someone else 's time and money by selling it on Ebay .
 Yes , it works but breaks after 2 to 3 years . The service center we brought it to confirmed this . They have a `` whole pile '' of Mosquito Magnets to repair and are waiting for parts from the company . They knew exactly what was wrong with ours and told us that this is `` standard '' . Beware .
 As you read the reviews , pay attention to who has owned the Mosquito Magnet for more than a year . They are all great the first year and then each year they get worse and worse until they do not work at all after about 3 years . I followed all the recommendations and even was foolish enough to buy a new -LRB- refurbished -RRB- power pack for my Pro model and still , after a year , it does not work any more . What a waste of money !!! If you want one for just one really good year and are willing to accept that you 'll have to throw it away after the second year -LRB- no-one repairs them ! -RRB- , then go ahead and buy it , but know what you 're getting into . I 've been happier with the Skeetervac that I bought -- it was much cheaper and although it has also died a few times , it is actually possible to fix it by taking it apart and cleaning out the tiny valve -LRB- ? -RRB- through which the propane travels inside the powerpack . Still a pain , but less of a waste of money . P.S. I own the commercial-pro , Liberty , and Defender models -- all KAPUT !
 Sadly , all the great literature and compelling information provided by the Mosquito Magnet company -LRB- American Biophysics -RRB- just is n't true . I think we caught about 2 or 3 mosquitoes , and those poor suckers just ended up in the bag by sheer bad luck . We 're not the only ones - other people in my neighborhood similarly suckered in by the great literature that American Biophysics presents say they do n't work for them either . The company put us on a beta test using special octenal for our type of mosquitos
 Where to begin ? It was so exciting to think there was actually a way to eliminate mosquitoes from my backyard . Instead , the only bugs killed where the ones I slapped off my legs as I spent several hours over the course of a couple of weeks hauling this thing to different points of my yard and begging it to actually run . What really tries your patience is that it takes 20 minutes to warm up and five minutes to shut down . Do the math and you can try to start it only twice per hour . As the father of a 3-year old -LRB- one of the reasons why I bought this white elephant -RRB- , I do n't have six hours in a row to coax this tempermental thing to work . The instruction manual is n't much help -- it does n't even tell you what the different speeds of flashing light mean . After flushing it several times with CO2 cartridges -LRB- at $ 6.50 a pop -RRB- and calling customer service , I 'm ready to send it back . My advice
 Even when the Mosquito Magnet is working properly , I 've come to realize that the unit is a bad investment . Every 21 days you have to change the propane tank , net , and lure and use a new CO2 recharge cartridge and the gas reset tool . You can easily spend $ 40 + . However , the real problem is that the unit regularly stops working . If you turn the propane on too fast , if you connect the unit to an outlet without full power , if the net is dirty , etc. the unit will stop functioning and give you a fault lighting sequence . Customer service then has you perform all of the maintenance -LRB- replace the tank , net , lure , etc. -RRB- again to correct the problem.For all of that trouble and expense , you might as well pay for a mosquito service or spray the area yourself .
 Very poor quality . Broken more often than it worked . At service center multiple times . When it was home , spent many dollars and more hours maintaining . Service center will have you standing on your head , whistling Dixie , and using your next pay check on CO2 cartridges to try to get it cleared . My advice to you ... stay clear .
 I used the product for two months . I caught 4 mosquitoes during the eight weeks and am convinced they had a suicide pact . Every time I would check the trap I would be swarmed by the pests , but the magnet did not trap them . I even purchased the additional lure , with no positive results . Returned the item for a full refund . I bought it from Home Depot .
 I bought one and it lasted one season . I bought a new one and it lasted one season . No service centers in my area . Great when they work but that is n't long ...
 Like so many others , mosquitoes are ruining our use of the outdoors during the summer , and we will try anything to fight back . Especially against these evil Asian tigers . However , do n't bother with this expensive junk.Note
 This will sound much like the rest . An expensive and unfortunately , terrible waste of time and money . Worked fine the first 3wks , second 3wks I failed to use the CO2 cartridge but when I finally did , it worked well for another 3wks . Has n't worked since.And customer service ... what a laugher they are . They 're goal is to not let you mail the thing in so they try to help you troubleshoot the thing over the phone . CO2 cartridge ? Check . Reset tool ? Check . Unplug replug power cord ? Check . 1/4 turn short of full on the propane ? Check . Purge propane tank ? Check . And the last one was hilarious ... am I sure that the power cord is getting the right voltage ? No . Okay , take it to Ace Hardware and get the guy to use a voltage meter to ensure that I 'm getting the requisite 12-15 volts of power continuously . INCONCEIVABLE !!! These guys should n't be permitted to sell such junk . I 've got one more month under warranty and after that , it 'll be all about staying inside the house .
 In theory this device should work . In practice it just does n't . Gave it a very patient 3 year trial . Just does ' t take out enough mosquitos to make any difference . Another big problem with these types of devices is placement . Its hard to find good placement given the yard and power cord limitations . To work you need to change placement every time the wind direction changes , not very practical .
 The unit caught a lot of mosquitoes last year and I was quite pleased with it.I had read some negative reviews of the product but I attributed the reported problems to not maintaining the Defender properly . I made it a point to perform a CO2 purge on every tank change , not to use swapped tanks -LRB- Blue Rhino -RRB- and bring the unit inside for winter and clean it.This was all no avail . The unit will not start and the MM solution is to purchase a refurbished unit . There has been a lot of grumbling on various websites about a class action suit and trust me , I will be the first in line .
 These units are a joke ! A bad joke ! I have spent about $ 30 per mosquito trapped -LRB- actually more -RRB- . When the starter button came out , they offered to let me increase my investment to fix it . Run away and talk to a pest control firm . This was a huge mistake . I live in Tulsa , Oklahoma . Basically the unit does n't catch anything and it cost a tank of propane and a strip of octenol every month . Do the math . This is a scam .
 Total junk ! Altogether , the MM caught one sandwich baggy of mosquitos in the first 3-4 months or so , then quit working ... If it would have kept working like it did for the 1st few months , would be a good product -LRB- EXPENSIVE to operate ! -RRB- ... Notice the higher ratings come from people who 've only had it a month or so ... Do yourself a favor - re-sort these ratings from Lowest to Highest , then read and heed the Lowest Ratings - they tell the truth ... IOW , DO NOT BUY THE MM !! -LRB- unless you have $ $ to throw away -RRB- I 'll bet that as Amazon sends previously-happy MM owners email recommending the MM -LRB- like they just did w/me -RRB- , those same -LRB- now-disgruntled -RRB- MM owners will be reminded of their POS MM and jump at the chance to tell the truth ... At the end of the day , the best thing about the MM is that with only 3 pieces , it offers quick disassembly for easy disposal in the nearest dumpster !
 If you can get two years out of this you are one of the lucky ones.At half the price it would not be as bad , I 'd give it a extra star . When it worked it did what it was advertised to do .
 I figure after you read about 200 reviews like this you might get the message and think twice about buying this machine . Hey listen , the MM worked GREAT for 3 years , which is why I gave it 2 stars ; but then it got the Red Blinking Light of Death and refused to start no matter which of the recommended fixes I tried , so now I 'm just trying to figure out how to dispose of it . There 's a review somewhere earlier from a guy who just buys one every couple of years ... that 's probably the right attitude , but I ca n't really afford it.If you still choose to buy one , good luck .
 I bought one of these a few years ago when they were popular on the radio . It worked for awhile and did catch no-seeums and mosquitos , but did n't make a difference . Then I started having trouble with it going out , or not starting after repalcing the propane tank . They sent me another power pack since it was under warranty . The pack quit working within 2 months , right after the warranty ran out . I did some research , and lots of people had the same problem . It appears the company knows that the power packs have a finite life , and their business is based on selling replacements . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 This product is a waste of money . It will only last for one season and its ' effetiveness was minimal . Two other folks on the street bought one as well and had the same experience . After mine stopped working -LRB- the first time -RRB- , customer service was marginal at best . I live in the south and I got a little desperate to solve the misquito problem . Save your money and buy more cans of bugs spray .
 The Good ; This product does exactly what it claims . It kills tons of mosquitoes . If you get it going soon enough in the season , you may be able to make a dent in the mosquito population . At least thats the theory.The bad ; This product only works for a season then it requires maintainance . Its well built but poorly engineered . To that end , I can not recommend this product . You must go up a model at least because this model has only 1 diagnostic code which essentially means ` something is wrong . ' The higher models have multiple codes to tell you exactly what part is acting up . You WILL be fixing this thing so your going to need the diagnostics.On the bright side , the thing does not actually break . It just needs deep cleaining of all of its parts . So at the beginning of each season you have to completely disassemble it and clean each and every mechanical part . If you think you can either do that , or are willing to pay for it to be done , then go ahead and purchase ... the next model up .
 I have just read a few reviews on this product and am shocked to find everyone else having the same issue I had . This unit worked very well the first year and this spring when I brought it out of storage I could n't get it to run . I followed directions , cleared the unit with not one but all three of the CO2 cartridges . Nothing but pure disappointment . If someone offers an extended warranty on this item buy it and get a new unit every year otherwise find something else .
 I was rather disappointed . I thought they were wood . They are supposed to connect but I ca n't get them to come together in the right place to connect and they are hard to pound into the ground . I was even more disappointed when a couple of weeks later I found a roll of wire border at a garage sale which would have worked even better and it was only $ 1.00 . I would have considered returning them but I already have them in the ground as best as I can .
 HAD TO SEND BACK RAIN WENT THOUGH IT LIKE A SCREEN , IT CAME A LITTLE SHOWER TOOK IT OFF SEATS SOAKED SENT THEM BACK , BOUGHT SOME CHEEP VINYL ONES OFF AMAZON WORKS PERFECT
 The one that I ordered did NOT fit into my Ducane as told ... I had to cut some steel off so it would fit ...
 This thing arrives in a hundred pieces . Nothing is assembled . I 'm good with tools but did n't have the time to deal with the thing . Once I unpacked it I threw it in the trash . Do n't waste your money on this unless you a lot of time to waste .
 To my disappointment , the mower was broken the moment I got it out of the box ! I tried pulling the cord to start the mower , and it would n't go back in . I had already put gas and motor oil in it , so returning it was going to be a huge problem . I called the technical support because it 's under warranty , and I was directed to many different numbers before I got to a local authorized dealer . It 's still being fixed right now , so I do n't know whether this mower is great or terrible . I am quite unhappy with this purchase because by the time you set it up and put gas in it , it 's not an easy item to return should it not work !
 The first machine I received , within one minute of using it the part that controls the drive fell out . Amazon was great to exchange it , however they sent me a refurbished machine because the machine was delivered and it had oil in the tank . The oil leaked inside the box . So , I think it needs to be clear that are not buying a new machine but a used or refurbished .
 The one shipped to me was not the one as shown in the picture , nor in the written description . I wanted `` the variable-speed auto-walk system '' -LRB- as described -RRB- , and I was sent one with a single speed . I has a bail lever and not as the one in the description . If you investigate further , Poulan Pro makes or has made several drive variations on this same mower . The manual that comes with the mower describes several . Amazon customer service did a great job with the return and credit , however .
 Received the mower 4 days after ordering it . Made me very happy with the fast delivery . Mower was assembled as per instructions . When I tried to mow the lawn , the self-propel on the mower did not work . I contacted Amazon right away . The mower was sent back and received at Amazon . A replacement still has not been sent . Thankfully , I have a wonderful neighbor who is kind enough to let me use his lawn mower . STILL WAITING FOR REPLACEMENT OF THE DEFECTIVE MOWER . AMAZON KEEPS GIVING ONE EXCUSE AFTER ANOTHER . I order the mower in anticipation of using it in 2007 . God only knows when and if another mower will ever be sent .
 This product is pure JUNK.Contrary to advertisements , this product : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Does NOT clean itself when back-flushed . The internal brushes are too short to sufficiently clean-off the surface of the drum . -LRB- 2 -RRB- There is NO way to clean the internal media -LRB- 2 '' thick filter pads -RRB- inside the drum , because they can not be removed . The drum will look clean on the surface but will be thick with filth despite hours of hosing and soaking . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Is horribly difficult to put back together , after opening to clean it . It took me nearly 4 hours of struggling to get the sections to fit together properly . And re-installing the drum is a nightmare . -LRB- 4 -RRB- I can not imagine this filter supporting a 4000 gal pond . On my 2400 gal koi pond it required taking apart and cleaning 1x month . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Did NOT arrive with '' ... hundreds of bio-balls '' as advertised . There were ZERO bio-balls . -LRB- 6 -RRB- After 3 months of use , I threw out the drum -LRB- $ 150 replacement cost -RRB- and re-packed the filter with pads only - so I can at least clean the filter media .
 I purchased two half-sheet pan nickel-plated wire racks from Ram Kitchen Supply . I had been searching without success for stainless wire racks , but figured I 'd give the nickel-plated racks a try because they were only $ 5.99 . After I received them , I ran them through the dishwasher and they rusted . I consider this to be an unacceptable defect in a cooking product , so I returned them for a full refund.Regarding Ram Kitchen Supply , despite the defective product , my experience with them was terrific . Ordering was easy and the shipping cost was reasonable , I received the racks very quickly , and they accepted and processed my return very quickly , with no hassles or fuss . I would not hesitate to order from Ram again .
 A real dud -LRB- a rare event on Amazon , happily -RRB- . Food stuck to it , it was hard to clean , and worst of all it was covered in rust after a single trip through the dishwasher . I got rid of it and boughtChicago Metallic Extra Large Nonstick Cooling Rack 16.7-inch x 11.5-inch x .5 - inchinstead , which is the same size , costs the same , and has performed much better .
 The racks need to either be heavier , or have a center support of some sort . I bought three , and they all immediately bowed in the center - and all we 've used them for are cookies ! They were too expensive to ship back and we can still use them for cookies so we kept them , but do n't buy them if you ever intend to put anything heavy on them .
 The rack itself is great and pretty sturdy , but it rusted within a couple of months of use so I 'll have to throw it away . I bought the CIA cooling rack around the same time , and have not had the same issue with that one.CIA 23304 Masters Collection 12 Inch x 17 Inch Wire Cooling Rack , Chrome Plate Steel
 This rack does not fit a half-sheet pan at all . Once in the pan , it does not rest on the bottom but edges the other side . You think you can press it down and make it fit but if you do that , the other side pops out - forget about having a level surface .
 but , I ca n't . I did my homework , read all the reviews , and carefully considered my options , then I bought this set of racks . I 'm writing this to maybe help someone else who was on the fence like I was.On the positive side , they work exactly like you want a cooling rack to work . The mesh is small enough that you do n't worry that your items wo n't be supported properly while they cool . They 're sturdy . They 're heavy . I really , really want to say that they 're wonderful ... perfect ... the cat 's pajamas ... but they have a fatal , star-killing flaw
 The rack fit properly in my half sheet pans and felt sturdy . However , the first time I sent it through the dishwasher , every single joint plus the bottoms of all 4 feet were covered in rust . Food also stuck to it like crazy . I have returned it as defective.Also , when this product arrived , I was surprised to see a third horizontal support running across the center of the rack . This is n't how the item is pictured .
 It 's one thing to take a `` leap of faith '' in buying online . It 's another to be raped in shipping and HANDLING fees . Shipping is not that expensive -- I 've checked -- it should be five dollars . What 's the other eleven four ?
 I placed the order only to be notified several days later that it had been canceled . No explaination at all !
 Brought this wand thinking that it would reach higher but all it did was drip all over . Disconnected it and am using the one that the pressure pump came with . Maybe I used it wrong but do n't see how , its so simple to connect .
 I found this timer difficult to program and when I wanted to operate a single valve by itself it wanted to run all the valves it was grouped with on the timer -LRB- A , B , or C -RRB- . Someone with some common sense needs to design this clock so it can be quickly programmed or operated manually so individual lawn or drip system areas can receive extra attention just on their own .
 I have A LOT more experience with this controller than the other reviewers . I 've been using it for a few years . I just got a $ 350 dollar water bill thanks to the Toro ECxtra.The timer can be programmed using a USB module or manually . Both have proven unreliable to me.With the first USB module I would make program changes and later find out that only some of the data was written to the irrigation controller . Toro knew this because when I called them they sent me a different module with newer firmware . Because of this I started programming mine manually at the controller.Last month I overseeded my lawn and set the irrigation controller to cycle 15 minutes per zone 4 times a day . After one week I manually deleted this program.About a week ago I received a notice from the water department that I may have a leak between the meter and my house since my usage was up from 5,000 gallons to 56,000 GALLONS !!! Hence the $ 350.00 bill.I went and checked the controller and verified that all 3 programs , A , B and C had NOTHING setup . That same night the irrigation started running for 15 MINUTES PER ZONE . THERE ARE NO START TIMES IN THE CONTROLLER ON ANY PROGRAM.I pulled the plug on the unit and am going to see what Toro will do about the $ 350 dollar bill.The Toro ECxtra has some very shoddy programming and I would recommend anyone looking at an irrigation controller to avoid this system at ALL COSTS !
 I purchased these pebbles to decorate my Bonsai Trees . I found them to be too small and did not look attractive at all . They were just too small and the price too high for these pebbles . I later purchased the medium ones and they were great . The large ones I did not try yet . I have purchased from this company and they have always come through for me on delivery being here in one day and the products being in great condition when I receive them . Overall this is a very good company . I just had a problem with the small pebbles . I wish I did n't use them and threw them away . I could have exchanged them for the medium ones I later purchased from them .
 This product was great for about 2 or 3 years . The bin is so handy to store outdoor items . However , the reel on which the hose winds cracked , the analogy would be an axle breaking , and now it is totally useless for storing the hose.When you pay this much for something , it should last a long time , and this did n't . To the extent it makes any difference , I used it with a 100 ' flexogen hose .
 I bought one of these at a local hardware store and it was broken within one week . The mechanism for spooling the hose onto the reel broke off . It is still usable without it but now the hose gets trapped between the reel and the inside wall . Poor design .
 We bought two of these hose reels for the front and back of our house . The first one broke after two years of use when the inner hose elbow split down the middle . The second one broke when the outside hose connection snapped . Although replacement parts are available from the manufacturer , these units are not designed for easy disassembly and replacement of parts . You can waste a lot of precious weekend time trying to fix these units . Unfortunately , I now have two hunks of plastic that seemed destined for the landfill . What a shame .
 Mine leaked after two years at the seal point on the reel . I would not buy another one after examining how this is put together . Best for someone who likes to buy new things every two years or who enjoys ordering parts and making repairs to cheap plastic items .
 I knew the first time I reeled up my hose with this product that the excessive flex in the plastic handle and the shear on the plastic gear and reel were going to send this baby to its life cycle grave in weeks . -LRB- My spouse bought this reel sight unseen . -RRB- Sure enough , after two weeks , the reel sheared off as I was winding in a whopping 25 feet of empty hose . The design would work fine if a light weight metal alloy was used for the handle-gear-reel assembly , leaving the body to the cheap plastic , but that would probably put the price beyond what wholesale buyers are willing to put on the shelves at big box stores . Buy up the food chain -- by the time you replace this one once you are already in the price category of a nicer , more durable hose reel .
 I purchased this item in 2005 , and it worked great for about 2 years when the reel that the hose rolls onto split in two . I replaced it because I * really * liked the storage compartment on top , but the second one broke after 2 years as well .
 Had mine for four years . Lasted 2 1/2 years the first time . Fixed it last spring with $ 40 worth of parts . That lasted until this spring and it broke again . Same parts broke each time . The four parts that form the take-up reel . If you like to waste money and fix things I would give this item 5 Stars . A real shame because this is really a handy item in the garden .
 I recently purchased this new hose cart to replace our previous model -LRB- which happened to be a Suncast product as well -RRB- . Our previous model lasted 10 + years and was left out in all weather year round . The handle finally snapped off -- which seems to be a common complaint with these type of products . I did a considerable amount of review of hose reel carts before purchasing this new one and was extremely disappointed that there really is n't a quality product being manufactured by any company . I was willing to pay more for a well-built well-functioning hose reel cart ... but it seems that there is n't one!In theory there are two potentially positive features to this newer Suncast model
 I knew I was taking my chances , reading the reviews and noting that this is totally made of plastic . I figured I have a light weight 100 ' hose and this should last a few years.Wrong , broke 2nd time I used it . So as I was warned by even the people who like this , it is built with plastic , plastic breaks and then there is no way of fixing it.So buyer beware . I know I learned my lesson . And it cost me $ 85 to be taught .
 Beware the handles on these reels . They break easily , and are very difficult to replace , even though the parts are available . The handle is very poorly designed to handle the amount of torque that it transmits .
 We bought one of these and a similar one by Ames . This one broke and the Ames is going on 5 years old with no problems . Unfortunately , the TruTemper Company -LRB- Ames -RRB- has decided to discontinue the version of their hose reel like this with storage in top . I do n't want to waste money on another sub-par Suncast but I really want the storage . I think I 'm going to have to go with the 2nd choice of Ames without the storage.One key annoying thing about Suncast in addition to poor quality
 Had a Suncast hose reel of a somewhat similar design that broke after a fairly long time -LRB- actually had two and the second one in the front yard still works fine -RRB- . This hose reel is horrible . I read the reviews and thought that -LRB- i -RRB- the ones I have had worked fine for years and -LRB- ii -RRB- it can `` t be as bad as the reviews . Well , it 's worse . All you need to know is do not buy this product or anything in teh same design family from this company .
 save your money , and do n't buy this plastic junk . hose reel is rated to hold 225 ft of hose.well the weight of the hose with water in it has worped the inside real that the hose wrappes around , causing the connector to it to be release off of the unit . after several attempts to reconnect it by taking it completely apart . I realized it was a waste of time . if you want somethuing to wind your hose up . stay away from the SUNCAST HOSE REEL . . this thing failed on me . and i was only using it the way it was intended
 This thing is just as bad as all the other cheap hand-held spreaders . I read the reviews of all the spreaders on Amazon and this was the best , but it has the same issues they all do
 It will do the job but I was dissatisfied with the way it worked . For about the same price you can get the Scott Handgreen II # 71133 which for me turned out to be a much better unit . See my report on the Scott 71133 spreader .
 This is not a well made spreader and the design is flawed also . I used it one time and it got clogged and jammed . I had to take it appart , clean it , and finally modify it to make it work right . This is cheap junk . Luckily I 'm kind of a McGuyver -LRB- for anyone who watched that in the 80 's -RRB- when it comes to making things work .
 We have a small lawn and thought this item would be sufficient . It clogs easily and I have to `` back crank '' it to release it . It still jams so now I just borrow a neighbors push cart type to spread fertilizer or lime .
 I simply ca n't find a decent hand spreader on the market . This one was one of the worst , as it broke after I had only used it once.The Scott 's hand spreader is not much better.After going through several hand spreaders in the past couple of years , I just bit the bullet and bought a more expensive push-behind spreader . I recommend you do the same .
 This item looked great and felt fine in the hand - but broke literally within 25 seconds of routine use . JUNK . Stay away .
 When using Talstar PL sand mix product gets into the drive mechanism and locks it up
 I bought this with high hopes of being able to grow a plant for my younger cousin . I am a gardner myself so I was pretty excited . However the plant NEVER grew no matter what I did . To me it was a waste of money time and resources . DO NOT BUY . Get a plant from a florist or even from Home Depot - it 'll be better than this piece of crap .
 I 've bought two of these and none of them grew ! It might just be my inability to keep anything alive , but these did not grow for me .
 Was this toy fun ... Well not really since nothing grew out of it . If an egg full of dirt is your thing then you 're all set.Educational value ... This might confuse kids with the whole chick and the egg thing.It 's an Egg . . It 's not durable.Over all the concept is neat . Great present for someone who likes plants and eggs , but the execution sucks . I 'm getting Sea Monkey 's next time .
 Choose this rating because it never grew . Was a novel idea but definately would not recomment it to anyone . Very disappointed in this product .
 Although the product is good , the distributor/dealer is misleading the consumer . When originally viewed three -LRB- 3 -RRB- filters are shown and there is a '' -LRB- 3 -RRB- '' shown next to the product image . What I received was one carbon filter . Amazon was made aware of this also and to no avail . Therefore , buyer beware of misleading dealers !
 Received this pool last week and started the set up per Intex instructions . It began leaking with two inches of water . Presumably , on the bottom seam . We called the manufacturer per the instructions written ON THE POOL . They told us to cut out the leaking seam and mail it to them to `` initiate a claim '' . How disappointing . We are not inclined to spend more money on this product with little hope of getting a replacement in time to make use of it . The Better Business Bureau web site lists 176 product complaints with less than satisfactory results .
 I bought this pool a month ago for my son . We only used it once before the filter broke 3 days later . We ca n't return the product because it has been open and the pool has been filled . We called the company and they told us they would ship another one out immediately . Last week I spent 5 hours on the phone with them -LRB- it takes an hour at least to get through to anybody -RRB- trying to figure out where my filter was . They finally told me it was damaged and they would send me another one that day . I called today to make sure it was out and they have n't even shipped it yet ! That means we are looking at least another 10 business days until my family can use the pool . I bought it because I thought it would be great for my 2 year old son but the sad part is he has n't been allowed in the yard for a month because he will see the pool and want to use it . So something that was supposed to be a fun summer activity has left us stranded in the house . They have n't even offered us money back or anything !! If I do n't get this filter within a week -LRB- which I wo n't if it is n't shipped yet -RRB- I am going to empty it . So I paid full price for a pool I 'll get to use once and I ca n't return .
 . This was the worst pool ever . When i bout this i thout it was great , but it 's not . Pop the first day i got it .
 Only took 20 days and start leaking never again i will buy i will not recommend to any one to purchase some thing this type of pools .
 I used it for less than a month when , not one or two , but multiple leaks occured . The leaks occured from all around the base of the pool . While it worked , my kids loved it . I just wish it lasted a whole summer .
 The product does not work on just slightly uneven surface . And I mean slightly . I discovered it after I bought and tried to install the pool . What 's worse , the box says that the product can not be returned to the store I bought it in . It has to be shipped to the manufacturer .
 I have used 7 Danner 02522 Pondmaster 250GPH Pumps over the last 7 years to my water garden . The only issue about these types pumps are they stop working within a year if you run your pump 24-7-365 . Just make sure you have a three year warranty so you can get a replacement .
 the photo posted as of October 10 , 2012 does not match the product description . The photo posted appears to have a compression connection for 1/2 inch -LRB- Raindrip nominal -RRB- line on the right , and possibly hose thread on the left . This is not remotely 1/4 inch barb , as described .
 While the flow is appropriate for my porch fountain , split to 2 outlets , the noise from this pump is louder than the water flow itself . My thought is that there is something wrong with this particular pump . It 's well submerged in water , but sounds like its running dry . I 've since turned it off and intend to return it .
 When I was getting into hydrogardening I was recommended this pump . I needed a pump to drain reservoirs for nutrient changes in a passive hydro setup . I used it very infrequently , but it soon began having problems with overheating and not pumping propperly . I had the pump for about 6 months , with not much actuall service use before it totally failed.I soon after changed my hydro setup to an active system , using a TNC pump . I still found myself needing a utility pump to mix nutrients in premix tanks and to move nutrients or RO water from holding tanks and sometimes as a continiuos mixing pump . Pretty light work for such a pump , but to my surprise , the second pump failed within 30 days.The pumps both failed the same way , the impeller rotation was slowed by build up on the shaft and supporting race . Nothing heavy at all , just a little crud . After the first failure , I was keen to this potential and I did find crud buildup and I cleaned it , but it built up very quick , less than a week . The second failed quicker than the first , and the same way , eventhough it was not used in an identical fashion or nutrient solutions.The first failed with me using a more `` organic '' nutrient solution . I figured somehow , eventhough it was highly recomended by a retailer for my specific circumstance , the nutrient solution was contaminating the impeller shaft . The second was never exposed to the same solution as the first , but the failure was identical ; overheating ... and boy did the second one get hot!I of course now am drilling my retailer as to what the heck is going on and why I am having continued failures . They had no explanation ... and no refund of my $ 100 bucks that i paid for each of them either!I mulled things over and finally decided to just try the less expensive Active Aqua pumps . That was over three years ago , and all three , under the same circumstance or harsher , have not once given me ANY issue what so ever ... They all pump just like the day I brought them home ... So , before you make the same mistake I made ; thinking that the more expensive , sleeker , and suposedily best pump on the market is actually what you need ... consider trying a much less expensive option , as it is likely to serve you as well .
 I 'm not satisfied with the product 's shipping . I bought two similar items and I was specting just one package with both of them but they sent them separtely and the paying bill was higher than the complete cost of my order .
 About 4 years ago , I foolishly gave away my old Weber gas grill and purchased the Frigidare GL 30 , thinking that it would last forever . At $ 1200.00 list price and all 304 stainless steel , you would think that this would be a really good grill . From the very beginning , it did not perform nearly as well as my 10 year old Weber and had an internal gas leak that I never could locate and repair . The heating was uneven and trying to cook in any sort of windy conditions was a totally frustrating experience . Then , after 3 1/2 years , it would not ignite and I discovered a large hole in one of the burners . It took me 2 weeks on the internet to track down a replacement burner only to discover that a new part was about $ 200.00 . After some pondering , I decided to repair the grill so I could give it away to a family member . However , I soon discovered that it was impossible to remove the old burner because it was totally fused and corroded in place.I have now ordered a Weber E-320 from Amazon and the Frigidaire GL-30 has taken a very unhappy place in the local junk yard , where it should have went in the first place . `` I was lost but now am found , was blind but now I see . '' ... `` Weber is the only grill for me !! `` PS
 I purchased my grill in Oct of 2006 so imagine my surprise to find the internal parts were corroded to the point of not being able to use the grill . Mind you , the grill has been covered the entire time with the cover for this model from Frigidaire . So , a call is made to Frigidaire to order the replacement parts and lo and behold , they cost more than the grill ! Folks , think twice about being a Frigidaire gas grill . I too have heard that good ol' Weber -LRB- which is cheaper -RRB- is a much more reliable model !
 My wife bought the Sunterra two pond kit for me two years ago from Costco . After I installed it , the pump froze up within 3 months . I had to run out and buy a pump from Lowe 's to keep the fish alive . A call to Sunterra got me a replacement pump which did the same thing 4 months later . A second call to them resulted in another replacement pump which quit working after about a year . Their pumps are garbage made in China . Go figure ! The pump I bought as an emergency answer from Lowe 's is still working after more than two years . The Sunterra rep told me that they were changing pump manufacturers but never offered a third replacement .
 Pros
 I purchased this mower in july of 2005 , and have had nothing but trouble with it . It has stopped running two times and the handle has fallen off two other times . This is my third Lawn Boy . I had good luck with the first two , but nothing but trouble with this one . I do n't think the quality is there . I am moving on to another brand .
 I 'll bet this comes from China , or at least I hope its not American made . One of the main side supports was not measured properly when drilled . I was able to compensate by pulling out my own drill , and I guess those extra holes will drain it ?! Be prepared when you go to put it together . I was also amazed at the condition of the box when delivered . I was shocked that the items inside were not damaged .
 This product came broken on one of the handles . It is very flimsy and cheap . It is also very small and can not be used for large wood chips . I would not recommend this product at all and neither would the person I bought it for .
 I bought the hoverdisc for my son 's 5th b-day , he went to play with his friends and it lasted all but 5 minutes . It is a good idea , but they did n't think of durability -LRB- who would think that mylar balloon material would last anyway ? -RRB- when they made this product . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 ACTUALLY I DIDNT BUY THE SPIDERMAN DISK B/C IT COST A FEW DOLLARS MORE . MY MOM WAS GOING TO PAY THE EXTRA SO MY SON COULD HAVE A SPIDERMAN ONE BUT I AM GLAD SHE DID N'T SINCE THE ONE I DID BUY WAS TRASHED AFTER ONE DAY OF PLAYING WITH IT . WHEN YOU ARE WATCHING YOUR POCKET BOOK AND TRYING TO MAKE EVERY DOLLAR COUNT WHEN BUYING BIRTHDAY GIFTS , I FEEL LIKE I JUST WASTED 12 DOLLARS WHEN I COULD HAVE BOUGHTEN HIM SOMETHING HE 'D STILL BE PLAYING WITH TODAY . ANYWAYS DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 Without helium , this toy is not that impressive . My son received the hover disc for his birthday . We blew it up , he threw it once , and it got a hole in it from hitting the pavement . It is not a very durable toy . My son did , however , enjoy playing with it after we used packing tape to cover the hole . Now , it does not hold the air and must be constantly blown up.It will look nice hanging on his wall .
 It broke the very first time I used it . The spot welding is incredibly poor quality . I returned it and got a refund - that 's the good news . It is great in concept , but the quality is horrid .
 First time that I used the product the metal piece that goes through the grate and actually lifts the grate broke off . Unfortunately the first time that I used the product was AFTER the date for no-cost return of the product -LRB- by two days -RRB- . It will be cheaper to look for other alternatives than pay for shipping back and forth.Would not have expected such low quality from a Steven Raichlen product .
 It worked fine for handling my 18 &#34; cast iron grate while it lasted.The black parts of the handles were painted wood , not bakelite as the product page states ; the paint is flaking off pretty badly after only about 6 months . Granted , it has been stored mostly in an outdoor storage bin , seeing the elements for a night or so every once in a while , but I 'm still not impressed with how the paint failed to hold up.The real problem is the spot welds at the base ; of the two holding it to the vertical tube , one is burned through the material pretty badly , and the other left hardly more than 3/32 &#34; of material connecting the two pieces - the latter weld is what broke , but the other one is not far behind . In any case , it 's now useless after just one grilling season.If you 're going to buy one , take a look and sanity check all the spot welds while it 's still within the amazon return window - or buy something else that will hold up .
 This worked for about a weak with my BGE and then it broke . I finally just ordered the original device with the BGE logo -- cost more but it 's still going strong !
 I purchased this item and just after a few uses the piece that clamps into the grate has snapped off . The metal bar is spot welded and not fully welded in place . This is the perfect piece if you want to put it on display but not something to purchase if you want it to last more than a few weeks . I am going to braze the bar back on . Unless you can do some brazing at home DO NOT BUY THIS . Very poor quality .
 I bought this because it was recommended/endorsed/whatever by Steven Raichlen . Do not waste your money . This is an overly-engineered product that simply does n't work . What you need is the old-fashioned type that uses leverage to lift and hold the grill grate . This requires you to insert the thing inside the grate , turn it 90 degrees , release the spring tension , and lift . Sadly , the spring is not strong enough to keep the top and bottom firmly against the grate . This means that when you lift the grate it slides one direction or another . You do NOT want a hot grate sliding toward you ! I have tried this on my Weber 22 1/2 '' Performer charcoal grill and my DCS Gas Grill . Same result on both . I will trash this and replace it with a Grill Grabber or a piece of wood that I have put a notch in .
 This is a great product at least in concept . However the weld at the bottom of the tee is VERY weak . The first one that I ordered arrived broken so I sent it back . Super quick replacement by Amazon . The second one lasted just over a month and then it broke in the same place as the first one . I really love the tool but the company that they use to manufacture or do there welding does a VERY poor job . So my suggestion is do not waste your money on this grill gadget and use a vise grip pliers like I did before and will now continue to use going forward .
 Length :
 Purchased 120 ft cable and went to install it today . I unrolled the cable as directed in the instructions and plugged it in to test it before installing . This cable melted in front of my eyes !! Wow !! this product is clearly defective , no heat tape should get that hot . I am returning it today . Amazon , please please stop selling and recall this product .
 Easy Heat ADKS-300 60-Foot Roof Snow De-Icing KitThis stopped working before the first year I had it . Now it is frozen in my gutters . I had to call Pakistan and I sent pictures . They wanted me to hire an electrician . Amazon has a 30 return policy and I 'm still waiting to hear back from eazy heat . It worked great for the first month and was off all summer . I think they should last more than a few months.After persistance the company sent me a new one.Thanks
 Worked fine the first year ... however , still had a small ice dam going , but it did not back up into the house . Used in combination w / a 12 ft. roof rake.Turned it on this year , nothing . A lot of money to have to replace each season . Too bad Frost King no longer makes these cables ... had one on the back of the house that lasted years .
 I purchased this product after a horrible PA winter last year . Ice dams caused extensive damage to our family room and the room was basically rebuilt including the exteriors walls . I placed this product on the roof this summer -LRB- and I 'm scared to death of heights but I finally got up on the roof -RRB- . I made sure the cable heated up before and after placement . Well now that the snow is coming down and the gutters are full of snow , I turned on the cable and NOTHING . The cable is covered in snow . No signs of any heat . I 've checked all the electrical connections . I have power at the GFCI and good ground per an outlet tester . Now the dilemma , I basically have an ice dam maker installed on my roof and in my gutters ! The weather is bad , I ca n't get up on the roof now nor should I attempt to remove everything from the shingles while it 's frozen . This is a worse nightmare than not having anything on the roof !
 Installed and tested in the fall . Turned it on in January and nothing . Checked power and other possible problems then called the company . They were not helpful . I would not buy this product again .
 Good product , but if you have a flat roof , purchase the EasyHeat PSR cable instead . It is designed to be self regulating and can be crossed over itself . Go to the Emerson EasyHeat site for more info . Not sure why Amazon does not stock the PSR series .
 Just be careful to watch your electric bill when you turn this on . Raised mine 90 % -LRB- $ 325 -RRB- in one month . Immediately unplugged . The snow was not melted very far from the wire either . Very disappointed after the cost ...
 I purchased this in september and installed it on my roof . Finally turned it on after some big snows here in Cleveland . Has not melted any snow or ice in my dams and gutters . I climbed up on my roof to see what was happening and the coil is not even warm ; in fact is cold !!! WHat a piece of junk !! I want to return to Amazon but it will have to wait to Spring when I can take the coil down . \ Does anyone out there know to leave a complaint to amazon outside of this review forum ??
 With big snowfalls it ends up just melting over the cords and refreezing at night . This is probably better suited for a more mild winter enviornment - not Minnesota .
 Had tons of flys in my house so I discovered how they got in and plugged the leak then hung a couple of these ribbons from the ceiling and did n't attract a single fly . What a waste !
 The ribbon would not come out of the package . The string to tie the ribbon up broke.I would not recommend this brand to anyone .
 Cheap product when ur pulling the ribbon up to open the entire thing comes off ! Most importantly not a single fly on the ones that worked . DO NOT BUY !!!
 I usually purchase Victor Fly Tape and have had great success with it over the years . I mistakenly bought the Pic brand last time , and was immediately sorry!First up , the hanging loop detached from the tape . Then the entire roll of tape simply fell out of the tube . This happened TWICE - two rolls wasted.Took me half an hour and half a can of Goof Off to get the sticky off my hands . Apparently , IF you can get it out of the can , this stuff is monumentally sticky . But as it wo n't hang , and the tape itself will not unroll , it is utterly worthless.YES , fly tape works . NO , Pic brand does not !
 We have a horrible time with flies in our home and purchased this item hoping to help but it did not in the slightest . We followed the directions on the packaging but hung close to our back door and after several days , it had not attracted or caught a single fly ! I would not waste your money on this item !!
 I have a lot of flies around my house - mostly due to an apple tree.I have had two of these strips hanging for over a month ... caught ONE fly.I would have to pay a fly to land on it - I even tried dripping honey on the paper - still could n't attact a fly . I am disappointed .
 This product does not catch more than a few flies per strip . I have seen flies land on it , struggle for a second , and fly away . This is an exceptionally poor product .
 I recieved these a week ago . I was n't overly concerned about how well they worked until they did n't work at all . One week and not one fly or gnat ! I have killed several with a fly swatter . Do n't waste your money or your time .
 I have had this little blower for over a week now . I got it to quickly clean off a small deck and the table and chairs . It works great so far . No complaints.BUTIt has a horrible petroleum odor - almost like it has been soaked in gasoline . Since I use it outside , it does not bother me when I am using it . But it is stinking up the closet where it is being stored.I noticed that it is made in China , and the following notice is printed on the outside of the box : `` WARNINGThis product may contain chemicals known to the State of CA to cause cancer and/or birth defects or otherreproductive harm . `` I am sure that I would never have purchased it if I had known this in advance .
 Worked great for about a year , then just suddenly died and would not start up . Since it was cheap to begin with I will buy another cheap one . You get what you pay for , just do n't expect a long life .
 Ordered this based on the positive reviews . When I first got it , I was very impressed considering the $ 17 price tag . I ran it for a few minutes the first day just to make sure it worked OK . On day two , I used it to dry my car . After a couple of minutes it sounded like it was slowing down and began emitting a burning smell and the sparks inside the motor -LRB- from the DC brushes -RRB- seemed very excessive . I figured the bearings were fine because it coasted down normally when the power was turned off . It came with a 2nd set of DC brushes , so I replaced them . I got the same results ... it started a full speed but began to slow down after a couple minutes until it finally would not turn on at all.Amazon allowed me to return it for a refund . I plan on looking for a better quality model for my next purchase .
 The blower came to me broken & unusable so was returned & another was not shipped .
 This product is useless . The motor overheated and seized after just a few minutes of blowing dust from a computer chassis . Look somewhere else if you are looking forward to using it more than once . It is so cheap that returning it would be more of a hassle .
 Shiped fast ! broken fast ! the worst thing I ever bought . I only used it 4 times . amount of time it work not over 10 min . do n't waste your money
 for less tha $ 10 it is okay for blowing watre off your car but I needed it for was to remove leaves off my small apartment patio and it does not blow hard enough .
 The reviews for this product seemed ok enough to buy this item . Well , I guess you do get what you pay for ... this item was quite inexpensive as for as blowers go.To make a kinda long story short , this blower DIED within 1 minute after I started using it . Fortunately , the company was very receptive and I was refunded almost immediately.This blower is now in the garbage awaiting the dump !
 Bought this after looking at some earlier reviews , however did n't find it good .1 . This is too loud and the instructions to assemble were very poor .2 . Not so refined finish and ca n't believe the bag is so flimsy and cord so short .3 . Did n't plan to return as I would lose close to $ 8 shipping for a product I paid close to -LSB- ... -RSB- . In one word - if I saw this product before buying - wo n't buy .
 I purchased two Urban Compost Tumblers -LRB- UCT-9 -RRB- a year ago -LRB- 12/06 -RRB- for my wife for Christmas , and despite high hopes , I 'm sad to say that I 'm disappointed . We 've tried over and over to get the tumblers to compost well , but despite a year of effort , have not gotten an honestly good batch yet.We are determined composters , and have for years kept large piles into which we put an endless stream of vegetable scraps , leaves , dried cow manure , yard clippings and all sorts of other such material that , if turned occassionally with a pitch fork and moistened well during the process , has made us wonderful compost . Note that we also first run most of the material through a chipper-shredder to grind it into a finer mix . We live in Central Texas , and therefore can compost year-round due to our usually warm temperatures -LRB- our tumblers , as with our piles , are in full sun -RRB- . On average , I 'd say that it takes us about 3 months to turn a simple pile sitting on on the ground into rich , dark , fully broken-down compost.I had hopes that a compost tumbler could speed the process and make the effort easier . Despite the notable lack to detailed testamonies based upon actual use by real consumers -LRB- beware of rave/fake reviews by company employees ! -RRB- , I decided to take a chance on the UTC-9 . I had hopes that it 's tumbling action would simplify the process of turning the compost and make it easy to keep the material inside moist and loose , and that its construction would stand up to the Texas sun.Our tumblers arrived loosely packed in a large box , and were simple to assemble . The UCT-9 is indeed sturdy and will seemingly last forever , but is quite heavy . It is truly heavy when loaded with material , and quickly becomes very difficult to turn . Our experience is that if it is filled to more than 1/3 full -LRB- which is n't very much ! -RRB- , turning it becomes nearly impossible -LRB- it becomes a very very heavy pendulum -RRB- . When you add a bit of water -LRB- compost wo n't happen without it -RRB- , it becomes even more unmanageable.Another problem is that if you add any significant amount of fresh green material , and not even any additional water , the material gums up in the bottom and turns into a huge slime ball and smells horrible . Yes , it is clear that if you add less green stuff and more brown stuff , you 'll have less of this problem , but we want to compost them both , and trying to find the perfect not-too-slimy , and not-too-dry , mix is difficult or impossible.Of all the loads we 've tried -LRB- green , brown , and both -RRB- , none has truly composted . All have either resulted in either a slime ball or a dry pile of chunks that have n't broken down . We even have let recent loads go for half the year , but with no real success no matter what we put in , or what the mix has been . And yes , we have followed the instructions closely , but to no avail.A few other disappointments :1 . The unit is round , and it 's lid is round , which are fine . However , during the course of the year , both of our units have slightly warped out-of-round , meaning that if the lid is removed , it is extremely difficult to get back on -LRB- requires a frustrating effort of trying to squeeze the unit into round while simultaneously trying to force the lid back on -RRB- . If the unit is loaded , getting the lid back on is now nearly impossible .2 . The unit is very difficult to empty . If you turn if over , it dumps onto the ground beneath itself , which is nealy useless because it is too heavy to easily move away . We 're forced to dump it beneath it and then shove the unit over and away to get to the material . If , alternatively , you try to reach in and scoop out the material , you experience a frustrating and difficult effort due to the nature of the cramped barrel shape , as well as the interior cross supports that are very much in the way.In the end , I 'd have to admit that the UCT-9 was an expensive experiment and failure for us . More broadly , I 'd have to say that I ca n't see how any other compost tumbler would be any different because , by their very nature , they 're all just closed bins into which you place stuff to break down . Therefore , if this one did n't work , I ca n't see how any other would work either . Instead , we 'll continue to simply pile material on the ground and turn it occasionally with a pitch fork -- a process that never creates slime balls , never smells , is easy to load and unload , always fully breaks down , and never fails to create that rich , dark , moist compost that makes our garden sing.FOLLOW UP 5/29/2012 : Our inability to get this compost tumbler to create usable compost was not an issue of either too much water or too much green material . In fact , over the course of two years we tried many different `` recipes '' using a wide variety of materials and moisture amounts , including exactly following the instructions included with the unit . Ask yourself if you are interested in following exact layering techniques and ingredients , or if you are simply looking for a convenient and effective composting solution that allows you to add whatever you have each day to the pile?Years of successful composting has taught us the very best solution
 I have tried again and again to get the Urban Tumbler to work but to no avail . I live in the western suburbs of Chicago and all I get out of this composter is goo . After trying more `` brown '' nothing happens even when I wet down the contents . It sits in the sun all summer `` cooking '' goop ! Sorry I have to be so negative !
 I used a different type of composter when I had a much larger yard and it worked well , but it eventually attracted rats . In my new smaller yard , I was hoping that this enclosed model would compost quickly and relatively easily and discourage pests . Granted , I have n't seen rats , but the compost is crawling with cockroaches . There are some minor things that you can do to try and discourage roaches - keep compost damp , turn regularly , etc , but none of them are completely effective , and I really hate being the person infesting our urban neighborhood with cockroaches . I 'm afraid it just does n't seem practical and considerate to compost when houses are so close together . What a bummer .
 I am not a customer yet for one reason
 this came with the ceramic tiles busted , but since i was going to put a plant on it anyway , i never complained . however , i would never buy this product again . Warning to all who do buy this ...
 After a couple of uses this blower would not run . I put it aside and ended up buying a stihl for about twice as much money . Today I took this blower apart to find that the flywheel had sheared the key in the keyway . Next I found weed eater used a aluminum flywheel with a molded or casted in key . It is not replaceable and I will have to replace the whole flywheel . Why they use a aluminum key is the question and then to not make it replaceable ? Sad . I will look into a new flywheel or maybe epoxy the flywheel on the shaft or just toss the whole mess in the garbage .
 I bought this unit at the local mom & pop hardware store . After owning it three months the main bolt holding the top of the handle in place came loose freeing the handle from the unit . Not very convenient . I could n't see the bolt but thought I could hear it while shaking it . I tried to perform surgery to fix it myself but gave up after an hour and simply threw it in the trash vowing I 'd never buy another Weed Eater product again .
 I bought this blower 18 months ago and the external fuel lines degraded and leaked after only a few month 's use . It had been generally difficult to start over its short life.Thinking the fuel line leak was a fluke , I bought another FL1500LE over the winter , because I did like the small profile and light weight of the blower.I used this new blower for 15 minutes the first time I used it this spring , after having a difficult time starting it . I wanted to use it for a second time today . It was very difficult to start , but I did get 10 minutes use before I decided to stop to add gas before I ran out.After adding the gas , I was unsuccessful in restarting the blower . Over several hours , including rest time for the finicky blower , I must have pulled the cord 150 times ! It started a few times , but stalled after 10 seconds each time . Several times the cord would get tangled internally , not allowing me to pull-start the machine at all . Finally , the cord became locked up so tight that I could not get it untangled no matter what I do!I will make the effort to take it apart to free the cord , but this certainly was not the yard helper I had hoped for when I gave Weed Eater a second chance.This is my first ever negative review of any product and , fair or not , it will be my last Weed Eater purchase .
 I believe in second chances , but this one did n't deserve it . Just like it 's predecessor , the pull cord has seized and the machine is not worth the repair bill even though it 's only about a year old .
 And I did n't pay much , but that 's no excuse for the workmanship in this product . After just 18 months on the job -LRB- and only using it weekly for the front walk and driveway -RRB- , it ended up in the trash . The handle was never it 's strong suit and finally broke free . But that was only the last straw . It 's always been a little difficult to start and over the last few weeks has been running for a few minutes and dying . After restarting , it would run a minute or two and die . The fuel filter came loose in the fuel tank , but I could n't replace without tearing apart the whole thing . Was n't worth taking it in to get fixed . Rather went out and bought a new blower -LRB- different brand and not a ` cheapy ' -RRB- .
 I threw this blower in the trash after the second time I tried to use it . Do n't waste your money ...
 This is the biggest P.O.S. that is made . For some reason this is my 4th one , cheap price I guess is why I keep getting them , but now I 'm done , every single one I have had run 's great until that one day which is about 4 month 's when it sound 's like someone is choking it and it take 's a violent death.If you try to get it started again your arm will be dead for 2 day 's from all the pulling , so I just throw it against a brick wall ... trust me do n't buy this !!!
 Second time I tried to use this machine , the pull cord seized and would not retract . I had to disassemble the whole bottom unit , and rewind the metal wire , and reassemble the unit . The design in the inside is poor , I had to bend and fasten the metal wire in order for it to work properly . Pull start mechanism needs to be redesigned . I would expect this to happen to all of the units eventually .
 I only use this blower a few minutes a week , and within the first season of use the engine would sputter and die . It would do this at random and not restart until it completely cooled-off . Now the pull cord will not retract , so there is no way to start it . It 's junk !
 I bought this because I have pine needles that cover my driveway on a weekly basis . It worked fine for the first 4 months . The pull cord got stuck and would not retrack itself . I called Amazon and they told me they only cover the first 2 months ? So I had to call the manufacture . The manufacture is only open M-F . Once I contacted them , they recommended a place to take it to . This place kept it for 3 weeks ! It worked fine for about a month or so then the same thing happend . So unless you want to keep calling the manufacture and taking it in every 2 months save your money use a broom .
 This blower had bad starting problems from the beginning and they simply got worse over time . Once started it never seemed to warm up and run at full speed , and never produced much power . It was always sputtering and shutting off . Before long , various plastic parts began to deteriorate and fall off . I 'd guess I got about 30-40 total hours of use over 5 years before I finally gave up and pitched it after the gas supply tube cracked in half and fell off one day .
 Cheap should n't necessarily mean low quality . If you 're looking at this you probably want an inexpensive blower for a small yard , but do n't want a power cord to lug around , and do n't want to pay $ 300 for a backpack blower that is overkill . That 's why I got this blower.Unfortunately , this unit is low quality . I used mine for 18 months and it 's dead , the pull cord has completely seized and the handle has always been loose/cheap feeling . There is no fix given on the Poulan/Weedeater website for the pull cord , so I will either need to
 The second time I used this blower the pull cord mechanism failed . The cord would not retract . I dismanteled and rewound the pull cord . Next time I used it failed again . I am ver displeased with this unit and it is now unuseable . Ca n't start it without a pull cord . I do not recommend it .
 Purchased from amazon because of gift certificate , on the first use the handle detached and now passed the 30 days return I am trying to find a dealer that accept fixing it under warranty . Many of the dealer say that they only fix what they sell . Too late . Wish I had purchased troy , craftsman or any other brand . Lesson learned .
 The third time , I ran it for about 5 minutes and shut it off . When I ripped the cord to start it a couple minutes later the handle broke .
 I have one of these that is not even three years old . I also had to fix the starter rope because my kids yanked it out . No big deal , that 's the kids I figure . Now it wo n't start and its because the compression is low . This thing was n't even used that much .
 This lasted just long enough to fail outside of the warranty . When it does fail , you have to throw it out.Used this , maybe , 40 times . The mechanic that tried to fix it laughed when he saw the problem
 I bought a Weed Eater Featherlite blower just like this at Lowe 's . Lasted less than 2 years after moderate use . The handle attachment came loose . It was connected to the body of the blower by a very insubstantial rubber piece , so of course it failed . It was meant to fail , and to be sent to the landfill with the billions of other discarded pieces of junk that these cynical , greedy companies produce/import to foist off on us . I am old enough to remember when American companies took pride in the workmanship and durability of their products . Not any more . Now they take pride in how efficiently they can rip us off .
 Although I was initially happy with this product , after a few weeks , the handle broke , first in front causing me to burn my hand to prevent a drop , then today , the back two holders broke ... piece of poor craftsmanship .
 I bought four of these finch feeders , the feeding holes are too small I had my feeders up four days finches could not get the seeds out.dorothy
 This key ring is lame and I should not have bought it . I wish you have better ones for military personnel that did not get to bring anything back from there .
 This came so highly recommended that I could be expecting the impossible from it but ... I used it on all of my plants and saw no improvement at all ; healthy , middling or failing , all continued on their way . I would not recommend this , it is a waste of money .
 I ca n't say whether Superthrive is good or bad , but it certainly did not help with our in door plants , including two Coastal Redwoods about 2-years old which completely died soon after trying this .
 Would be great if it was sealed tightly and full 4 oz was received . 4 oz is n't a lot to begin with .
 I am a master gardener and have tried pretty much every additive , bio and synthetic supposed plant helper on the market . I have actually done controlled experiments with this product on 5 peppers -LRB- 5 with 5 without -RRB- and found ABSOLUTELY NO difference with it . No difference at all ! Im sure it has vitamins in it as it smells like one in the bottle but you can get better results with AZomite for a ton cheaper . Dont expect a jack in the beanstalk story because its not magic and its nothing special but a multi vitamin in a bottle . Its hokus pokus claims in my book . Just look at the label and see the circus of claims which are not proven.Stick with good old fashioned compost and it will blow you away .
 I would n't waste my money on this again . It did nothing for any of the plants I put it on . Some of them even died . This stuff is a joke .
 Well i have used other fertilizer , food , and other additives in the past and had always had pretty good results but for some reason this stuff sis not work at all . It had allot of accolades and promise , but did nothing for my tomatoes . In the past using other methods , i did yield more tomatoes than i could use , so IDK im hoping I just bought an old or bad bottle since I bought it from Walmart . Im sure Ill try it again , this time ill buy it from my favorite online store , AMAZON WHOOP WHOOP !! then ill update . In a few months
 I will post again if i notice anything good coming out of thisbut it has been a week and the plant that was dying is now dead . And the rest seem to be the same or in worse shape ! D - :@ G. RaringLearn how to not jump to conclusions as they make you seem idioticI didnt mention that i followed the instructions , but the lack of me stating it is no proof that i didnt read the label -LRB- much less know how to do so -RRB-
 This stuff is a waste of money , i bought some at a grow shop for all my plants and used them on my green beans and maple trees and it caused protruding defined areas on the leaves , stunted growth , halted growth and left my garden going no where . it will either kill your plants or it will cause them to never grow again while staying green.your leaves will start to deform and it WILL NOT benefit plants at all . i used this on a dying plant and it mutated it . please save your plants lives and DO NOT USE THIS its a scam .
 A friend gave this to me . I saw no improvement in my plants . Now for my really negative part . Do we really want to use something that does n't list the ingredients on the package . How do we know what we are getting if anything ! Also , I do n't know if plant need supplemental vitamins , but if they do I would be ok with that . When you start talking about hormones , that bothers me . What do these hormones do ? Do they act simular the same way hormones do in humans , if so , it looks like this could be a scary road to go down with your plants . I do n't know , it 's just my thoughts . But I stand behind my belief that a good , safe and reliable company would tell you what was in the product and not have you guess . That is dangerous in my opionion .
 The short review is that I believe it is the best fertilizer on the market . It is nearly impossible to lose a plant when using Superthrive . The big BUT ... Because the company chooses not to manufacture the product with a spillproof opening , the same amount of liquid -LRB- or more -RRB- that you pour into a measuring device , runs down the side of the bottle . I 've purchased every size , and it happens with all . When ordering , figure that you will be getting half of what you order . Superthrive is expensive in the first place ; losing half of what you pour makes it astronomically expensive ! There are plenty of good fertilizers that are easy to use . I prefer Superthrive for quality , but because of the waste , I 'll be using another product .
 I 've been using this for about 8 weeks so maybe It 's too soon to tell but so far I can not say my plants are thriving . In fact , within the past month or so , my garden has been invaded by pests - these really gross little worms that make a caccoon on tree leaves and some kind of moth that made its caccoon on flower leaves . I have no idea yet what they are but I 'm trying to find out . Is it possible that the nutrient rich soil from using superthrive is attracting the pests ? Also , I soaked a couple cuttings from a hearty lush vine in the superthrive , but it did not make it : - -LRB-
 May be 4 oz . was n't enough , but I did n't notice any difference in the plants . Also it was applied to an almost dying bush and did n't work .
 Half the lights went out after a measly two weeks . Do n't waste your money .
 the picture shows lights for a 6 armed umbrella . thats what i wanted . i got an 8 armed light set . I could have bought the 8 arm set all over town , saving $ 5.00 on shipping . they should change the picture .
 These are Target Home Brand Umbrella Lights - 72 Count and are avaiable from Target for $ 14.99 . The listing does n't state that anywhere ... pretty deceptive selling practice .
 Returned this and ordered the Pondmaster 1250 instead . Had to clean the filter every fews days in contrast to the 1250 that I celaned out weekly . SO Disappointed . You get what you pay for .
 This pump did n't even make it a year . I would not buy this pump unless you want to replace it in a short amount of time .
 This pump did not last very long , so I sent it back and received a replacement . The replacement did not last long , so I sent it back and received a second replacement . Well , replacement # 2 failed , so I give up . Going to buy a pump from a different manufacturer .
 I ordered this pump on June 11th . it was received and used for three weeks . It stopped working . I applied for and received another pump from Amazon . I have had it since July 13th and again it stopped working . The directions say that the impella section should be cleaned by taking it apart if it clogs up . However , one needs special tools to remove it for cleaning , tools which even my Ace Hardware store does not have . I did back flush it which did no good . Since the refund time has passed , I am stuck with a pump that I have had for less than two months and it does n't work .
 I bought this to keep a small -LRB- 3.5 ' diam , 1.5 ' deep -RRB- turtle pond clean , and at first it moved water well but did n't really seem to get the water any cleaner . We would clean out the filter every few days as the flow decreased , but over time the flow got weaker . After a couple months it started making grinding noises and stopped moving water at all .
 I purchased this thru Amazon about 3-4 months ago ... and it suddenly quit.Worked great until then . Not sure who to contact ... UPDATE : Contacting the company and found out that Amazon is not a `` designated distributor '' for their product so they wo n't take it back !! I tried to take apart the pump as per their suggestion and found out the pump impeller was Broken ! ... and the whole thing is now good as a door stop.I do n't have the money to waste.And this was definitely a BIG WASTE .
 I ran this pump for 3 months on a timer . It kept the water clear in my small pond -LRB- with several fish -RRB- . Very low powered , but fine for my purposes - aeration and filtration . Sadly , it stopped working after just 3 months . I tried fixing it as related in a previous review , to no avail . It was cleaned regularly and not abused . Other pumps work as well , last longer and are the same price . Try tetra .
 I got this for my small 90 gallon pond . This filter is totally inadequate and I was warned by local retail stores and pet stores that it would not be a strong enough . They all said it just does n't do the job . Well i wish I listened ! Take it from me . . DO N't BUY IT ! Spend the few extra dollars and get a stronger one !
 Worked as expected originally , great for smaller pond . On the down side , it will quickly tip over in your pond without some additional weight on the filter box . The filter box quickly clogs but conditions could vary from pond to pond . Initially I was pleased but then the pump broke in less than 3 months of use . Too much money for inferior product .
 It worked kind of until it broke a week later :-LRB- The plastic clips to lock down the top broke
 I received the item and when I tried it ----- The unit ran for approximately 2 minutes and then stopped ----- It was a defective unit which I am unable to return for exchange . I have to return it and repurchase the item . I am sure the item is generally a good because I had the same model a few years ago and was very satisfied with the performance of the unit -- I am very disenchanted with the lack of cooperation in replacing defective items without having to go through the purchase procedure again .
 Bought this product in May 2010 for my 200 gallon 4 ' X 6 ' pond . This is a magnetically driven pump that uses low wattage , a plus . But within weeks the impeller -LRB- the only moving part -RRB- broke and within 6 months the second impeller broke . So I bought two more . This time when it stopped , it turned out to be the motor itself , not the spare impellers.So I 've decided never again with this brand . I 've had my fish pond for 25 years and have run pumps 365 days/year through harsh winters and thick ice . For over 22 years , I used a Little Giant brand pump , 3 of the same model . So that 's what I am going back to . In my experience , the Pondmaster pump is inferior and poorly engineered .
 So far this pump/filter setup has worked for me . My pond is 8x10 and 2 1/2 feet at its deepest and 1 foot at the lowest . The pump has been running none stop for 2 weeks now and I have not experienced any issues . The filter that came with it is good , it does the job of filtering and it is also easy to clean.Edit : I have now changed my review to 2 stars . After just a little over 2 months of off and on use the pump has stopped working . I thought it might have been clogged but when I took it out of my pond it was clean and no excessive debris was in the filter . If you are look for a pump to run continuously then stay away from this one .
 This is my second pond master and I only got another because I had some spares for the first . It needs a new coupling every 8 months or so and the pump would no longer work after 2 years . Not a great product in my opinion .
 Pondmaster PMK190 is rated at 190 gph but it did not seem to pump as much as other pumps I have owned . The picture on the box shows a large spray and the one purchased may have been malfunctioning so it was returned to the manufacturer for testing.It is also unclear how well the filtration system would work based on the short stint . However , the path of water may not be optimum since the water is not drawn through the entire filter .
 I have been running this pump for about a month straight now and have done cleanings on the filters once a week . It trips my breaker everytime I plug/unplug it . The filter is removing algae from my pond -LRB- 190 gallon -RRB- , but my pond is far from being clear . I have also been using algicide ... It may be time to spend the $ $ $ for a UV filter . The filter maybe good for a smaller pond , but so far its performance is unsatisfactory at best in mine .
 I purchased the first PMK190 Pump and it did not pump properly . The magnetic pump made a lot of noise
 This is a toy at best . The pump is wholly inadequate . It is able to produce an arched umbrella of water at the top of the 20 '' or so fountain top to about 2 '' in diameter . 24 hours later it is not pumping at all . After a thorough cleaning it still does not pump water all the way to the top of the fountain stick . I was expecting a larger unit it was surprisingly tiny . I will be returning it .
 I have had my 100 gallon pond for 10 years . This is the 3rd pump -LRB- with filter -RRB- I have bought and it is easily the worst . First of all this filter should not be recommended for more than 50 gallons . It is too small for much else and needs to be cleaned twice a week if filtering 100 gallons . The main reason I would never buy a Pondmaster product again is because of it 's poor quality . EVERY time I have to clean this filter and pump it takes almost two hours because to get the pump to work again is a huge ordeal . The problem is it always has to be taken apart to clean and getting the propeller to spin after that is when I have to waste wellover an hour each time . I work on it in my kitchen sink since it takes so long to get working . Once the screws are removed and I hold the pump together by hand it works fine . Put the screws back -LRB- tight , not tight , makes no difference -RRB- in and the propeller stops working . After going through this procedure for an hour or so you may get lucky and have it start working . Then very often I get back out to the pond with the pump that was working fine in my sink 3 minutes earlier and once it goes in the pond it will STOP WORKING AGAIN . I am ordering a new pump and filter today and throwing this junk in the trash were it belongs . I should also mention this unit is 4 1/2 months old . I could pay to return the pump for replacement , but I have no confidence in this product.The same day I wrote this review was the last day I bothered working on this piece of junk to get it to work . I went to Lowes and bought a Smartpond floating pump and filter with UV . It cost $ 120 but it is worth it . It has four LED lights that shine on the fountain head and it looks great at night . One of the fountain heads shots the water straight up and it is awesome to see at night . The only thing that I have to clean regularly on this new filter is the fountain head and that takes about two minutes .
 I bought this product yesterday from a store , just wanted to warn others . Maybe mine was a manufacturing fluke , but there are 2 problems right off the bat . The lid to the casing that holds the filters does n't latch shut , so I ca n't hold it from the handle , the whole thing opens up . Second , it 's a good thing the bonus fountain head is `` free '' because mine did not make a nice dome shape , it sprayed directly out , reaching 5 feet in all directions . So , I secured the casing shut with zip ties and took off the fountain head , so it just bubbles out , but that works for now . it 's been running for a couple of hours and going strong , just disappointed I had to alter 2 parts because of bad design .
 I was happy to order this product . It got here quick . Saddly after 5 minutes the pump blew . I called pondmaster who refused to honor the warrenty due to the amount of rebuilt equipment comming from sellers on Amazon and Ebay . The seller has said they will return the money and refused to exchange for another product . I paid $ 10 for return shipping -LRB- wich will not be refunded to me -RRB- and still no word from the seller . I have had to call Amazon to make sure I get my money back . All I can say is BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!
 After a few monthes the muffler fell off , melting all the plastic casing . I spent 4 or 5 hours getting it rigged back together , and I had use of a machine shop . Second season , the carburator went . It 's now a door stop .
 I purchased one of these feeders and it was n't long after cleaning it for the first time until I tossed it in the trash . It is NOT designed to facilitate cleaning . The eye hook on top of the feeder -LRB- used to hang the feeder -RRB- is part of a solid , smooth metal rod that extends through the center of the feeder and just clear of the bottom center of the feeder . A flat sheet-metal clip -LRB- often called a quick clip -RRB- is slipped onto the rod at assembly to hold it together . The top of the feeder does not come off . If you wish to clean it thoroughly , you have to remove the clip from the rod . This requires needle-nose pliers and you can count on the clip becoming sufficiently distorted on removal such that it will not hold the assembly together tightly after you -LRB- talk about frustration -RRB- put it back `` together '' . You really need a new clip to install . The black portion on top of the feeder is a cone that rotates to review a small triangular opening for filling the feeder . It is difficult to fill without a small funnel.A far superior feeder for clinging birds such as the chickadee is the Songbird Essentials Clingers Only feeder also available through Amazon . See my review for that feeder.Songbird Essentials Clingers Only - Green
 chain did not fit `` power mac 6 '' . called and sent back chain.did not here back from seller.just lost . good luck . .
 the item that i received first time had cuts , corrotion , and even a finger print all over the surface . after replacing it , the second one is even worse , it had several deep cuts and a big dent damaging the thread , rendering it useless . priced twice as its similar product , i could not believe its quality control is so bad . i will not buy anything from marshall gas controls . wasting times and shipping cost . amazon is super always .
 There was no way to make the end caps fit the axle , so the wheels kept falling off . I actually got a case of the giggles trying to use this thing ... it 's a total joke . I 'd be willing to pay for something to move around my heavy hammock , so Pawley 's Island should think about making something more substantial . I 'm returning this item -- first time I 've ever returned anything from Amazon -- and am going to Home Depot to see if I can jerryrig something . No , I 'm not handy , but I know I can make something better than this piece of junk ! SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 Talk about cheap . Completely fails in all aspects of functionality . I just installed it and now its going back . Wheels fell off , U bolt slips , nuts can not be tighten too much otherwise the plastic bracket will crack . All this after one day !
 There were no directions on installation included.The axle part broke before I could get it on.Very dissatisfied with this .
 Pawleys Island Hammock Wheel KitI purchased two of this item . One item was complete and works well . The other one was missing the U bolt and had the wrong wheels . I called about it and was told that a U bolt and wheels would be sent to me . After waiting a couple of weeks and it did n't come I called again . The lady to whom I spoke was very helpful and stated she would schedule the shipment of a new kit that would be mailed that day . I actually received the replacement kit THE NEXT DAY !!!
 I got a Pauleys Hammock which was very nice . I also bought the wheel set . It is a piece of junk . I did n't see any reviews dealing with moving the hammock over grass . I do or at least try to . The wheels are attached correctly -LRB- as per instructions -RRB- but the plastic axles are weak , the mounting is flimsy , and the wheels fall off . Never again ...
 The wheels on the axle bend with the weight of the hammock and stand . The bracket does n't stay in place . It barely works well enough to move a few feet while I cut the lawn .
 If they had at least made the product with a metal axle it could have been tightened to keep the wheels from wobbling and working itself off , which it does on a regular basis . Save your money .
 Serves the purpose , but tends to slip . Our frame is heavy in relation to the wheels , so it still is n't smooth sailing to move the frame around , but it definitely beats not having any wheels . Seems there ought to be a way to connect them more securely to the frame .
 I bought this for my Pawley 's Hammock stand . Very cheaply made , all plastic , even the axle . It immediately collapsed under the weight of the stand . I do n't even no why I wasted several hours trying to get it to work . I would throw this away if you gave it to me .
 What a piece of junk . If all the components cost $ 1 . wholesale , I 'd be surprised . Very low grade plastic . The metal wheel caps will simply not fit on the wheels and as a result the wheels wobble off the axle every time you use it . Seemingly designed by a monkey . Comes without assembly instructions too -- although it 's so basic you can figure it out after a few minutes . And just because it 's assembled , does n't mean it will actually work . Surprised that Pawleys Island put their name on this .
 We purchased hammock in March after 4 months the rope on the ends and which connects to the steel frame , shredded , unwound , whatever , we have to return the item and that is not easy since it is a defect and there is no form for returning after such a late date.Looks great .
 We received this hammock for our wedding in 2000 and in the summer of 2002 a couple of the ropes broke , so we can no longer use it . I would think for $ 90.00 we would have gotten at least 5 summers out of it . We put it away for the winter and it still did n't last very long .
 I ordered this hammock . Very disappointed.The first one arrived with obvious signs of having been shipped to someone else and returned . It was also marked `` defective '' and `` AS-IS '' , as well as `` Made in China . `` Amazon quickly agreed to send a replacement.The replacement was even more obviously a previously-returned hammock . I have requested a refund and am returning it also . Two strikes is enough.It is doubly troubling that nowhere are the words `` Made in China '' mentioned on the Amazon site , and that Amazon sends out previously returned and defective hammocks.I have bought a replacement US-made hammock from the original Hammock Shop . It is more expensive , but I expect it to be first quality and to last longer .
 It is falsely advertised . First , it is shown with stand but it does not come with stand . They only added language in description recently to clarify that . Second , it is not Made in USA as advertised . Instead , it is made in China .
 I thought it comes with the stand shelf like the photo , but it did n't .
 It says in the description
 I 've been buying -LRB- for me and for gifts -RRB- pawley 's island hammocks for over 30 years . This current double -LRB- or large -RRB- pawley 's island rope hammock is not really a double . It 's closer to the size of a single . I bought a double pawley 's island rope hammock about 5 years ago and the older one is much wider and longer . I guess that is why they now have the larger hammocks -LRB- i.e. , presidential -RRB- ... they are probably the size of the old double . I can live with this for a few years , since the cottom hammocks only last about that long . The poly or duracord last longer , but truthfully , they feel hard when laying on them . The cotton is really much more comfortable . Although the size has reduced , I do n't think the quality has . We shall see . I just put it up .
 I purchased this product thinking it would be a great gift for my boyfriend who had been wanting a hammock . When I saw this one with the stand for $ 89.00 I was thinking how perfect . When the package arrived there was no stand . I thought , since the picture showed a stand with it and the description included a stand that I would get the freaking stand , but I did n't . I tried to call so I could return it but no one ever answered or returned my phone calls . I would not purchase this product if I were you . They lie .
 Do n't be misled by the advertisement ! They ship the hammock without the stand . It is simple and straightforward cheating
 The product title says `` 5 Deck Boxes in White '' and $ 9.00 for 5 would be a very good price , but it 's a lie . They in fact send only 1 deck box . Shipping this back for a $ 9.00 refund would be a waste of my time , but if you 're looking at this product page be warned .
 The frog was a lot smaller than it appeared to be in the picture .
 The tube which is inserted into the end of the hose fit so loosely in my 3/4 '' Gilmour hose that no amount of crimping would make a leak free seal . Admittedly , the package does say `` HOT WATER '' , BUT , the back of the package states `` FOR OUTDOOR AND COLD WATER USE ONLY '' .
 The hardware on this heater immediately rusted . The panel over the propane tank does not fit correctly , so that the cover can not be secured in place . The diffusion hood over the heating element is relatively small so that the heat is contained in a small area around the heater .
 A couple of calls to customer service , many skinned knuckles and at least 8 hours of labor - and I still ca n't get this patio heater together -LRB- hence the name `` endless summer ? '' -RRB- . The hang up is `` step 9 '' - attaching the gas line and regulator assembly . They simply do n't attach . I 've called the company and spoken to two people . They know this is a problem and kindly expressed their confidence in my ability to `` get it done . '' I 'm not a total incompetent and I 'm a pretty strong guy . I 've gone at this assembly in five different ways , lubed the fittings , etc. . In my defense , my race car mechanic neighbor and a mechanical engineer friend also failed to mate these fittings . The replacement part I was sent also does n't fit . At this point , I 've got far more labor and frustration in this patio heater than it is worth - and , insult to injury , I 'll likely have to pay to drop it off at the landfill .
 I purchased my generator from Home Depot on 13 April . I had a licensed electrician install a manual transfer switch . On 8 June , we had our first power outage . The generator started up immediately and ran for 10 minutes and then shut down . On restart , it ran for 5 minutes and shut down . After about an hour of this we decided to just weather the 96 degree heat with no electricity.The next morning , I called Briggs & Stratton and followed their voice prompts which gave me the name of a local `` Briggs & Stratton authorized warranty repair facility '' . I loaded this monstrous machine into my SUV and drove it over to the designated facility . About an hour later , I received a call that the `` authorized Briggs & Stratton warranty repair facility '' could not do the work because the Briggs & Stratton generator had a Generac motor on it . Another trip to pick up the generator and then called Briggs & Stratton back . After 1 1/2 hours of listening to how important my call was and that my called would be answered by the next available customer service rep , I called Home Depot from my cellphone who was willing to issue a refund even though the generator was more than 30 days old.I give this Briggs & Stratton 8000 watt generator a 1 only because 0 was not an option . I would give Home Depot a 10 . Robert H. MerrimanFelton , PA
 I just received my '' Elite '' generator just in time to go on my yearly camping trip . I started it up and it puts out a total of 3 1/2 volts . Its kind of hard to run my fifth wheel campers ' air conditioning on that kind of current . Now I 've had to find a service center , haul it there , be told they ca n't get to it for a week and I 'm out of a generator . Now I have to see if I can rent one , at probably quite a fee , to use for my trip . The engine fires right up but has a noticable miss every 2 or 3 seconds.The free shipping is also a joke , I got a call from a truck terminal a half hour 's drive away to come get it . When I got there they could n't find it . So many cell phone minutes later I was finally able to assist them in locating it . What an experience this has all been . Next time I 'll go down to the local hardware and buy a Honda .
 Please be aware that Briggs and Stratton 's warranty is a joke . This applies to all their products . I had a brand new mower engine blow up on me -LRB- literally -RRB- after only a couple hours of use and putting oil in it as per the manual . B&S calls it a maintenance issue and washed their hands of me leaving me out the money on the mower , the money to have someone look at it after it blew up and money to ship the mower to them . Their customer -LRB- no -RRB- service does n't even bother calling me back to talk about the problem .
 It all looks good in pictures but in reality it is not sitting on the table as it looks in the picture . The top turns to a small
 This cover seemed good at first.I think it should last more than 2 years . I live in NYC not Montana.I gave it a 1 star rating because it was good the first year.It has a number of rips and tears along the seems.For that kind of money it should last a few more years.Save your money and try another brand.I only used it for 2 winters and its already worn out .
 I tried to send it back but the vendor never contacted me It was too small , and I couldn &#34; t use it !
 Total height of the cover is a little less than 2 ' . The picture is outright misleading unless the patio set displayed was made for minature people . If the picture were to be porportionally accurate it would imply the pictured chairs are less than 3 ' tall since over 2/3 of the chair 's height is covered . Furthermore , if the diameter was actually 94 '' as advertised I probably would have at least a little extra slack on the sides to pull it down . But no , the diameter works out to more like 88-90 '' so it was already snug as-is . My patio chairs are at regular seating height but have slightly higher backs so this just does n't work for me at all . Overall this cover makes my patio set look like a mushroom.Would it have really killed them to just add an extra 6 '' to the overall height ?
 I purchased this for a table and 4 chair set that I purchased from Walmart . -LRB- Nothing too big and nothing too special -RRB- It fits ovet the table only ... -LRB- Too small !! -RRB- There were no measurements in the product discription . Do n't get fooled by the `` tall '' in the discription ... It wo n't fit a normal 4 chair set .
 The quality of the cover was great for the price . Unfortunatly , I had to return it because of the unclear measuring instructions to determine which size cover would be appropriate for my table and chairs . I had the right table size , but the chairs did not go all the way under the table so the cover was much too small . I exchanged it for the medium which is still slightly small but usable .
 I bought two of these . The zipper on both of them came off the tracks . I highly do not recommend .
 Zipper broke after ten or so uses . Material otherwise seems good though I have only had for one summer . Would recommend purchasing something else .
 The first time I used the cover , the zipper broke . It is very lightweight and poorly constructed . Spend more for a better product .
 Endless Summer Model 251958 Patio Heater Cover For 34-Inch Domed Heaters review . The cover fits well and is easy to use . The down side , the zipper broke the second time I employed the cover . My impression is that the cover is sturdy , fits well , rendered useless by a poor quality zipper .
 Ordered this item and it states that the item is 48 inches . It is the smallest reindeer I have ever seen my 2yr old is bigger than it . When it arrived it is in a box labeled 36 inches . Will never buy another product from this company .
 Deer were not as stated , only 36 '' high and not 48 '' also only 50 lights and not the 150 as stated .
 Received mine today and put it together . Much smaller than I thought and lights are very very , very sparse , in addition to the fact that after I assembled it 2/3 of them didnt even work ! Not sure I can even get in the box to return it . Very disappointed and annoyed ... . PIECE OF JUNK . Do n't bother!SIDE NOTE on 12/10 , I received an email from the seller advising that they were going to refund my money and that I did not have to return the defective piece . The complaint was handled in a very nice manner by the seller . Thumbs up to that .
 The item in this picture is not the item I received . When you buy from a picture , make sure you are prepared to be disappointed . The frame of the stand is very thin , not wide as shown , screws are seen that attach to the stand , the bottom of the bowl is seen also . The bowl has concrete as filler , with a complete circle of bowl , looks cheap . The colors are washed out , the bird and flower also , not vibrant as shown . This item came with nothing from Mfg. , no instuctions on anything or who they are . It was well wrapped and the package was ruined in removing . Apparently this was planned . I was told I could send it back free of charge . What am I going to send it in ? Good old Amazon offered me 20 % off to keep it , this is apparently their standard screw-up fee -LCB- not my first experience -RCB- . The item I received is not an $ 80 item , or a $ 64 item , it is in my yard , it will remind me where not to buy things in the future . BEWARE !!!!!
 The item in this picture is not the item I received . When you buy from a picture , make sure you are prepared to be disappointed . The frame of the stand is very thin , not wide as shown , screws are seen that attach to the stand , the bottom of the bowl is seen also . The bowl has concrete as filler , with a complete circle of bowl , looks cheap . The colors are washed out , the bird and flower also , not vibrant as shown . This item came with nothing from Mfg. , no instuctions on anything or who they are . It was well wrapped and the package was ruined in removing . Apparently this was planned . I was told I could send it back free of charge . What am I going to send it in ? Good old Amazon offered me 20 % off to keep it , this is apparently their standard screw-up fee -LCB- not my first experience -RCB- . The item I received is not an $ 80 item , or a $ 64 item , it is in my yard , it will remind me where not to buy things in the future . BEWARE !!!!!
 I put this on my mailbox because birds were repeatedly crapping on it . Well , no recent sign of birds , but lots of dead flies , dirt , etc. . Looks worse than the original problem -- I 'm not sure which is more disgusting .
 After opening the box I found the inside brackets that support the grill top Bent . Assembly of the unit is a nightmare unless you have the dexterity of a surgeon . I am glad I had my own hardware that I used to assemble the unit . Also the regulator supplied does not work properly . I feel ripped off and would never do business again with this outfit . The concept is good but of poor quality .
 Be advised if you buy this product it only works `` up to 24 hours '' I never would have brought this product had I known this It should be stated in product description on amazon , maybe I missed it .
 I purchased this trimmer since I used their sprinkler system and had been happy with it.It is light weight and cheap but it has a major flaw.The two buttons in the handle work off a switch which can burn out rather easily . A home depot guy told me . He said the one he bought lasted 3 months . Mine lasted 3 minutes.Assembly was ok but the U-Guide was not designed to well as it took a little effort to get it in place.The handle and trigger setup is good -LRB- excluding the switch burnout problem -RRB- and make sure you wrap the cord as suggested . The base for the plug is not tight so if you do n't loop , it will wiggle loose.The cutting cord setup was easy and the engine is decent well when it worked for the 3 minutes I had it.Toro made a mistake with this one . I would avoid it.The Home Depot man said to look at Black and Decker . He had been using one for awhile and has been happy with it .
 Over the past 10 years , I 've worn out a few similar Toro trimmers - just burned up the motors over time . But I liked the model and the price point and the service life enough to keep buying the same model . But after the last one died , I could n't find the old model any more . This model seemed to be pretty close . But I 'm not nearly as happy with this one as the others.Primary complaint - the string advance is a step backward . The old models clipped on which made removing the spool rather easy . The new one threads on and is a pain to line up with the hole in the housing . As with most other trimers , the string supplied by the factory is very lightweight . You 'll find yourself needing to advance the string every few feet . To me that 's a pain . And given how fast the spool tip wears down when you tap to advance , you 'll find yourself needing to replace the whole spool -LRB- as opposed to just rewinding some new string -RRB- frequently.On the previous model , I addressed the spool/string shortcomings by upgrading the string to a higher weight and just re-winding onto a stock spool . I got a LOT more use out of each string advance . BUT after attempting to do this with the current model , I had no success . The heavier string would n't feed with a tap on the ground . I had to stop , upend the trimmer , and push and tug . Made for a really long evening of yard work.Needless to say , I 'll be looking for a new trimmer before next weekend .
 Works great for a few minutes but after some advancing , the spool tends to lock up ... which you might think would work better if you didnt screw the cap on so tight ... but then the little eyelet that the line feeds thru can fly off -LRB- and you have to order that online and wait a week -RRB- . Which I did . But , that doesnt solve the problem ... neither does WD40 . Last time I used this , it took an hour to trim my short walk because I had to manually advance the line every 8 feet of work . Please do not buy this machine . I wish I had spent 3x more money to get something that simply had more than a 30 minute life to it . Such a shame that I need to throw out a perfectly good engine/handle setup because the spooling mechanism is so poorly engineered/manufactured . I looked for aftermarket replacements but they dont seem to exist . I will not buy Toro again .
 TORO 's bump-feeding trimmers proved to be so AGGRAVATING that I promised myself that I would get on Amazon and write a SCATHEING review . I did not have this exact model , but I have 2 models -- the 12in and 15in , that were new last year . On both models , every 60sec the string broke -LRB- happens -RRB- , but the string would get jammed in its own crevice of the screw mechanism , or would disappear back into itself . This required hand-untightening the string chamber . However , if hand-tightened , often one can not untighten it 60sec later -- leave hardly tight . I do n't own a gas trimmer , but I went online and spent $ 30 for replacement teeth for my friend 's trimmer so that I will have access to his -- that bad . When I was a kid , I used a string trimmer and occasionally had to advance the string -LRB- 2-3 times per yard -RRB- . In 25 years , what has TORO done to FAIL SO MUCH on such a SIMPLE electric motor application ?!
 I was just out using my Toro trimmer for the third time . After an hour or so of operation , the motor slowed down noticeably , and I began to see smoke . I pulled back from the weed trimming , and ran the motor at full speed to enable the maximum amount of airflow through the motor to cool it down . Instead it began to emit more smoke , and then quit working altogether.I would not recommend this product at all . It is a cheap toy , and a waste of money .
 My dad did n't even get to use it . When he took it out of the box it was already broken .
 This item was less than acceptable and broke immediately I had to return it and purchase another type of trimmer I tell you `` DON `` T BUY IT '' .
 We received this item as a housewarming present . Warming is exactly what it did . The second time we started it up , it started shooting flames out of the bottom and smoking heavily . Needless to say , it went back to Home Depot where they were n't selling them anymore . I thought because of the `` Toro '' name , it would be great but , unfortunately our 's was a lemon .
 USED THIS PRODUCT TWO TIMES AND STARTED TO SMELL AND SEE SMOKE NOT SAFE DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY
 I bought the Toro 51346 15-inch 4.4 amp Electric trimmer/edger on May 25 , 2010 and used it twice . The first time I used the trimmer it worked like a charm . Lots of power and did a great job of trimming and edging . The second time I used it the metal trim line feeder hole on the side of the spinner housing immediately broke off . Upon closer inspection , the amount of plastic surrounding metal hole is very narrow and weak . It is easily broken off and not repairable . I have noticed that this defect and problem has already been noted in other one star reviews . This appears to be a major design flaw which should have been corrected by Toro . As a result of the missing metal trim line hole , the line does not feed and breaks off which causes the line to bind up in the spool . I spent more time manually taking the spinner cap off and on to pull out the line than I did trimming the lawn . Just getting the cap off took super human strength at times . I will not rehash what others have said in their reviews . Buy it if you feel lucky and have money to waste . I will not buy another one .
 Just received this today via UPS . The box was bent and the handle inside was broken in half . Very poorly packaged by Toro and Target.com .
 I , too , had the problem described by another reviewer . The doughnut hole where the line feeds through the spinner assembly breaks off . I tried to glue it back together but without success . No replacement part available . Had B&D model previously but that was real junk . They recalled that model but not until I junked it after four failures including seizing up . I only use trimmer around the edge of a small area once per week . Does n't anyone know how to make an electric cord type unit ?
 I 've had two of these trimmers , and the same thing happened to both after fairly short periods of use . . less than an hour . The plastic hole where the line feeds through broke off . I would NEVER recommend one of these to anyone .
 Great price for this weed trimmer but the blade that cuts the line to the right length was missing . My husband needed a new trimmer to replace our one that died . He removed the blade off the dead trimmer and modified it to fit this trimmer . It now cuts the line shorter because the part is a bit different and now it 's a 14 inch trimmer instead of 15 inch . This is a better result than having to wait longer to ship it back or get the missing part . My lawn was already too long . I would assume it 's a refurbished / or returned item to begin with . The trimmer works very good otherwise .
 I have a very small yard and have been using a small/basic gas trimmer for approx . 8 years . The gas trimmer was giving me trouble so I decided to try an electric trimmer . This trimmer is not adequate at all . It seems to have enough power but the line is very thin and gets chopped off after the slightest use . The line extension mechanism -LRB- with the tap -RRB- does not work . I used this product only once and decided to return as it was very frustrating to use . Just does n't do the job even for a light duty small yard .
 Minus 5 stars ! Maybe all weed whackers whack-it , but this one requires un-screwing the cover for the cord , roll out more string , and then screwing the cover back on - all just to advance the string . And this is necessary EVERY TIME the string gets too short to do anything . Does anybody know any really good electric weed whackers ?
 I bought this Toro in 2007 ; to date I have been able to use it maybe 10 times . I do not have the strength to unscrew the spool cap to add new string or just to loosen what is bound up on the spool . I have to carry it over to my neighbor and he uses a pair of big pliers to hold the spool so he can unscrew the cap . What a nuisance this thing is . I have bothered my neighbor so much I am embarrassed . The cap that slipped into the slot on both sides was easy to unlatch and replace . If you do not much strength in your arm/hands `` DO NOT '' buy this product.You might wonder why I did n't complain earlier ; I thought with regular use the cap would become easier to loosen , alas not so ; if anything it is worse than it was when new . So , for two full summers I have relied on my little 13 inch that I paid $ 30 for probably 8 years ago . I have a very large yard and it takes me quite awhile but I eventually get it done . Your company used to make superior products ; not anymore . What a disappointment .
 We have had this product for less than a year and have had nothing but trouble with it . At this point , we have spent about half as much on replacement parts as we did on the original product.Be aware when changing out the spool , or even messing with the line , there is an eyelet the line must thread through that is not a permanent part . If you are not careful this eyelet will disappear before you know it and basically renders this trimmer useless , which means all the money you spent on replacement parts is now all-for-not . I highly recommend you steer clear of this product.PS-We bought a new and different brand of trimmer today so I have some used TORO replacement parts if anyone wants them . You 're gon na need 'em ... lol .
 My experience has been that Toro products are well made and dependable , but this trimmer turned out to be a flimsy Homelite trimmer in drag , according to my authorized Toro repair shop -LRB- they were having no luck getting replacement parts from Homelite -RRB- . After a year , my trimmer needed a new part -LRB- the plastic cup around the cord with a guide hole in it -RRB- ; they wanted to charge me $ 38 for it , plus $ 25 labor ! That 's more than the trimmer costs and such a ripoff that I wo n't buy another Toro , period -LRB- needless to say , I passed on the repair -RRB- .
 I purchased this last fall . I used this for about 3 weeks before the plastic shaft cracked , I was able to repair the crack temporarily but it never felt solid after that . This spring it broke for good , pushed it to hard and it ceased up after getting too hot . I am sticking with gas , they are just more solid .
 The description says it fits ALL McCulloch mini macs but it does n't fit my mini mac . They need to specify that it fits all gas powered mini macs . Mine 's electric .
 When I bought this product I had gone to the Made in USA site and this came up . When I received it , it said it was made in china .
 I bought two of the Island Planters listed as 16 in . The diameter of the container is actually much smaller ... more like 12 inches . The size as listed is very misleading . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This item arrived in poor condition . box was in extremely `` beat-up '' condition.When I opened the box -LRB- not at all like illustration -RRB- it contained the wheel weights that appeared as if used -- -LRB- dirt - wear marks , etc -RRB- . The bolts and washers that were supposed to come with the weights were MISSING . The price charged was an indication that a person -LRB- buyer -RRB- should expect `` used merchandise '' to be sent ... I will attempt to show a picture of the `` wheel weights '' . This is n't the first time I have received items in distressed condition from Amazon . Besides pieces missing , etc I ordered an EZ Lift for a lawn tractor that has a bent and twisted screw and upon further examination from others purchasing this item , it appears I was sent the EZ Lift another customer returned upon finding out it would n't lift his tractor properly -LRB- too much weight -RRB- . Some people do n't do enough research before buying an item ... . AND NO I WILL NOT RETURN SINCE THE SHIPPING CHARGES WILL BE MUCH MORE THAN THE PRICE I WILL PAY FOR THE PROPER BOLTS , WASHER , ETC. ... buyer , beware is in order , I 'd say ...
 Call store beforehand to confirm whether you are receiving 7553 or 9985 . Grady 's Hardware sent me 7553 instead , which is not what most people are looking for -LRB- it has side vents that let water all over your BBQ to sit on the stainless steel side tables for weeks -RRB- . Weber really messed up the 7553 , and I recommend you avoid making the same mistake as myself and call ahead for 9985 !
 I purposely purchased from Grady because I wanted the 9985 cover . They sent the 7553 cover with vents over the shelves , which lets rain in on the starter and gas knobs and on the side burner . I could have gotten the 7553 for less money , but felt the 9985 was worth spending more . I tried to call them to see about getting the correct cover , and only the owner can handle Amazon sales and he wo n't be in until Monday . I am displeased with this transaction , and with Grady 's .
 This cover has the vents over the side tables -LRB- do n't believe the picture on the box or in the ads -RRB- which makes it a little silly if you live where it rains , or snows , or dust blows . I wrote Weber about it and they said it was to prevent condensation ... rain 's kinda wet to is n't it ?? File this one next to the screen door on a submarine idea .
 Good quality other than the vents . Thought I purchased a cover without vents . The vents allows the trash in that I was trying to keep off the grill . Have not figured out as yet why a designer would put vents on a cover right over the trays on each side of the grill . I would not purchase this cover again .
 I purchased this product after being wooed by an infomercial . After 3 uses , it sprung a huge leak . Yes , it 's covered by a 10 year warranty , but what they do n't tell you is that it costs approximately $ 6 to send it back , and then you need to enclose a check for $ 5.95 to have it returned . If it 's going to leak after 3 uses each time , do the math . Not a bargain ... . There is no number to call to complain . And if you look online , there are many different manufacturers of this product and you have to locate the one you purchased from in order to get a chance at reaching someone-although most of them are order only websites . They obviously are making a killing off of unwary consumers . Do n't buy this ! And if you do , buy from a store where you can return it when it inevitably starts to leak !
 This was the third hose I bought for the new house , and as the other reviewers learned - another great idea , so poorly executed it is not worth taking for free .1 -RRB- The hose must be entirely unwound before turning on the water , leaving a tangle of kinked , flimsy hose at your feet .2 -RRB- Leave even a few inches on the reel -LRB- as I did -RRB- and the entire assembly explodes once the water starts running . The reel has no room for the hose to expand - so it presses against the cheap plastic reel and blows it apart.I 've learned when it comes to hoses , you get what you pay for and quality is not inexpensive .
 I purchased this hose and in using it only a few times , it began to leak . I looked over the 10 year warranty and found that I would need to return the product via mail , pay the postage for returning the product , and include a check for $ 5.95 to cover the company 's cost to ship a replacement . Thinking that maybe I had just gotten a defective hose , I returned it as specified and received another . Upon a couple of uses , the second one began leaking also . This product is a waste of money and I would advise anyone considering purchasing this product to decide against it .
 This product is awful . I bought 4 . All 4 leaked during the first use . The leaks are huge too . If the hose touches any object -LRB- step , stone , plant -RRB- it tears immediately . The hose must be completely unwound before use . Rolling up the hose is a time consuming effort as one waits hours for the water to get out of the hose . My best advice is to avoid this product at all cost .
 I purchased three of these from a national home improvement retailer . On the second use , two of the hoses developed leaks near the couplings . It 's a good idea poorly implemented . I do not recommend purchasing this item . -LRB- I give it one star only because the review system would n't let me leave a rating of '' - '' -RRB-
 Like everyone else , mine burst after three uses . I saved myself 12 bucks by just throwing the hose away . If yours breaks , I suggest you do the same . AVOID THIS PRODUCT LIKE THE PLAGUE .
 I bought this hose and absoulty loved it . Easy storage great overall . However , after the third or forth time I used the hose it began to leak so bad it is no longer usable . I would not recommend this produt to any one planning on a long term relationship . The product is a great idea , but , would hate for the fire department to rely on such a lousy product . To compare at all to the flexable fire hose is rediculous . The only matching chacteristics is the flexability of the hose . I admit it folded up nice and took up little space when I through it in the trash . I suppose from a environment stand point it does have some value . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought a hose like this , but made by a different company . I wish I did n't waste the money . The idea is slick , but the product is far from it . The first time I used it , I unwinded the entire reel before turning on the water . The water was stopped by any little twist or flattened spot and gushed out the side of the hose . I was trying to clean out a birdfeeder , and ended up with wet shoes and a dirty , wet birdfeeder.Do not buy this , or any other flat hose unless you can personally try it out first .
 It 's a great idea to have a hose that neatly rolls up and can be stored away . That is why I bought this hose . I used it every day for 2 months . Then the liner inside the hose split open in the middle and no water reaches the end . It is very important to let the ALL of the water out of the hose before you roll it back up . It is difficult to roll up the hose without it twisting around , which I suspect is not good for the liner seam . Also , rinse off the hose if it gets dirty before you roll it up . I think I 'll stick to a standard hose .
 Is there a 0 star category?I got suckered into the dream of a flat folding host . It DOES NOT work . And once used , good luck trying to return it . Once water fills 50 ft of this ... , good luck squeezing it out . Remember , you need to pull out the full 50 ' before being able to use it.One of the fantastic advantages of such a flexible hose is that it kinks very easily ! In order to use it , you need to have the entire 50 ' in a flat straight line ! Ever wonder why firemen lay out the firehose before they can use it ? And , that 's with the full pressure of a fire hydrant to blast the water . Good luck building pressure to inflate this tube with your tiny 3/4 inch water supply pipe!To make matters worse , the material gets holes easily.I 'd like to ... the genious who came up with this idea .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT -- I bought 4 . They BURST as soon as the water went through.Amazon should STOP SELLING IT
 I was able to use the hose once before it started leaking . This is not a good value for the money .
 I thought this was a great idea and purchased two hoses initially . The first hose leaked after the first use . I gave them the benefit of the doubt until the second hose leaked after the first use too . This is a good idea however not a good product . I thought it had a lifetime warranty but of course ca n't seem to find the paper work now . I have since gone on line to http://www.ontelproducts.com however the part number RAH-MC6 can not be found . I wish I had read the reviews below before I purchased this hose .
 I got sucked in and bought two of these . Both got holes in them within 2 months and were useless . The holder and rolling devices are made of incredibly flimsy plastic . It 's not even worth my time to express how cheap and worthless they are . Trust me and everyone else here who has already suffered !
 this hose was as much a pain to roll up and store as any hose.after 6 months of use , the inner tubing leaks in many many places . I will stick with `` normal '' hoses from now on .
 I thought it was a great idea , but was wrong . The hose is very hard to wind up . Then the wind up knob broke off making it impossible to wind up . Both the male & female ends leaked and the hose had leaks along it . The hose kinks very easily and do n't even think about walking on it , unless you do n't want water . I tried to contact the company , but they are useless to deal with . It costs more to exchange the hose then it 's worth . You would have better luck trying to wash your car with a spaghetti strainer -LRB- and would even get more water -RRB- than this hose . This is the only item I ever purchased that I would say ... BUY BEWARE OF JUNK ! Save your $ $ $ and buy a watering bucket . Good Luck if you decide to buy ... Beware !!
 This is a good concept but a nightmare in execution . It 's not feasible to return it , as it costs more than a third of the original price to do so . Avoid this one people .
 i needed to see for myself & the critics were RIGHT ! no pressure & you had to unroll the entire hose ... try rollong it back with water ??? good luck - if there was any dirt stuck on the hose itself , you ca n't reel it back unless you clean it . more hassle than it was worth ... i bought a 75 ' lightweight recoil instead - and it was cheaper !
 This product seemed perfect for our camper , that was until we actually used it . It is n't as `` tough '' as it is marketed to be.With constent use it may last no more than a week . `` And as advertised '' , do not run over it as shown on tv . This product is not one I will recommened to our many camping friends.The two I bought , I will use to tie up the dog .
 The plastic male end broke off the hose when I started to put a sprayer head on and this was before I had even used it or even turned the water on . With the time and cost required to return it , I am better off just throwing it away . Who even knows , if I did replace it , if the replacement would be any better .
 Bought several cactus as a gift , two of them arrived damaged but I was not told this by the receiver for a period of time so did n't get back to the seller otherwise I would have . I do n't think I would order plants through the mail again , at least not from the seller -LRB- was n't Amazon -RRB- but was through Amazon . Also , they give you information about the plants so you kind of know what you are buying and the history of the plant , which I thought was quite interesting , it would have been nice if there had been a bit of information supplied in the mailing that told you about the plant and how to care for it - especially when it was being sent as a gift . Nothing , just disheveled plants , nothing to show plant names , how to care for ... I think a small info write up on each plant would have been nice since it was a gift .
 The Gilmour Full Flow Poly Connector can be a good product with a large opening which does not restrict the flow of water . This being said , I have purchased a number of these in different configurations . The problem is the mating surface of the male end is not always molded properly leaving an irregular surface which will not seal against the hose washer which is inside the mating female connection . My experience is you have a 1 in 3 chance of having an end which does not properly seal . Disappointing as it could be a decent product if they only focused on quality control .
 I bought one of these 2-3 years ago , it 's been attached to an outside hose year-round on the shady side of the house . I suspect that expansion/contraction cycles due to changes in temperature -LRB- Virginia
 I am not happy with the way Amazon took care of my complaint . First of all I would like a phone number to talk to someone direct and not by email . I received this item and assembled it and when I went to test it I noticed one of the gas control knobs was broke . I emailed Amazon right away and told them I only need the knob for the unit , but the first thing they did was to send me out another unit with freight charges and told me to send the other unit back which would cost me another $ 10 . to ship it UPS . I called the company that made the unit and they said they would send me a part out at no charge asap . Come on Amazon listen before you take the easy was out.Not happy .
 I Could never use this item , the connections would let the gas escape ????????? and can not get to speak to anyone , and can not return it .
 Legs can not be tightened so it wo n't wobble . Not stable . Can not control the burners to a low setting , it 's either high or they go out ! Will probably give it away and buy a better product .
 Purchased identical item locally from a large outdoor Hunting/Fishing/Camping chain . First one had a bad valve , so I exchanged it . Second one had 2 broken legs , so I exchanged that . Third one lasted one camping trip before a crack started to show in the frame ... threw it away once I got home . But something steel , not this Chinese cast iron crap metal ...
 The packaging for this product states
 Looks great in the photos . In reality the copper is very thin and was already bent upon arrival . The frame requires assembly and does n't fit snug to hold the pit level . Pit screen is mishapen with paint chips . I do like the deep pit , but that is nearly all . I expect it to last a season before needing to be replaced .
 Pros
 This looks like a solid resin chair from the pictures . They are hollow resin pieces with reinforcing cross pieces . Not as stable and very ugly from the back .
 Ordered chair online for convenience but it is rickety and uncomfortable . The back of the chair is at an awkward angle that hurts my spine . The seat is hard so I had to purchase cushions . Not worth the money .
 The first time I tried this item , everything spilled out of the basket and onto the grill . The slip lock keeps the basket closedin the back , but the top is to loose and easily opens when turning . Also , its long , hot handle takes up too much room on my Weber Genesis Grill and is cumbersome .
 This item has two problems :1 -- Sliced vegetables slide out the sides . Even though this product is supposedly designed to hold vegetables , amazingly , the rails are too high on two sides to properly retain them .2 -- For gas grills with covers , the cover closes on the handle , causing -LRB- a -RRB- the cover not to close , and -LRB- b -RRB- the basket to stick up in the air inside the grill.I am going to have to replace this with a useful product .
 This is a piece of junk . Do not buy any of this stuff with a ` non stick ' coating . It begins to degrade with the first use and after four or five uses you have to throw it away because it ca n't be cleaned . Buy only chrome plated or stainless steel . Scott
 I purchased a Kabob Basket since I do lots of grilling and especially like Kabobs . This item looked simple to use and would evenly cook all of the items on the skewers . When I received the package , there were no instructions at all and I could not see how the Kabob Basket was to be held together when placed on the grill . I referred to the picture on the box and pictures on the web site , but they were not much help . After trying numerous times , I finally was able to hook all of the pieces together . I found it more trouble than using single skewers on the grill .
 This is a good idea done wrong . Smaller , flimsier and almost twice as expensive as the Weber version . Mine rusted away quickly and although it was my first charcoal chimney I have moved on to the sturdier model.But it 's a great idea and everyone who prefers charcoal -LRB- and who does n't ? -RRB- should use one . `` If I wanted to cook with gas , I 'd stay in the kitchen ''
 I waited a month to get this item , and was so disappointed when after the first use , I started to wash the basket and the coating came off on many sections of the basket . Good design and idea , but poor craftsmanship .
 I used this product one time -- grilled fish . It worked very well . The fish was cooked to perfection . The removeable handle worked well.However , when I started to clean the basket , after only one use , the black nonstick surface began to flake and come off . Mind you , I did n't srub or use harsh products . The nonstick surface came off with a little Sunlight soap and a sponge . I ca n't use it again because the surface comes off in the water , on the sponge , and on your hands . I 'm sure that it will come off on your food.If you do n't mind disposable kitchen tools , buy this product .
 While detachable handle is a very good idea , the tension mechanism works backwards . As it is , the handle must be held at all times or it pops off . Were it to fit INSIDE the holder , the tension would hold it in place until you wanted to release it . The depth of the basket can not be adjusted for different thickenesses of meats/fish/veggies / etc. . Locking mechanism to hold the basket together is awkward to release when the basket is hot . The nonstick finish is a plus . All in all , I will continue to use my old broken down basket that has an adjustable lid , handles that stay put until I want to remove them and a lid which is very easy to remove when it is hot from the grill .
 I purchased two items at $ 4.99 each . When I received them , they were marked with store stickers at $ 1.98 each .
 I purchased all of the smoker chip flavors . All of them except the hickory were worth it .
 I bought this for my smoker and when I got it it had a sticker an it for $ 1.98 . It cost 4.95 shipping because it came from a different warehouse as all other products -LRB- including other woodchips -RRB- . BUYER BEWARE!No Stars if it would let me RIPOFF
 I have to admit I like woodchips and as woodchips go these are n't bad . I am just spoiled after using Mesquite Bean Pods . The flavor intensity , sweetness , and that OOOOOOOOOOOhhhhh so good taste I found with Mesquite Bean Pods leaves woodchips out in the cold . I would buy 5 lb . bags of woodchips at a time as I disliked running out . Compared to Mesquite Bean Pods you need at least twice as much woodchips to last as long as Mesquite Bean Pods and still you wo n't get as good a taste .
 `` Tropic '' made some good points about using wood/charcoal , but I have to reintegrate the comments about bean pods . They are easier to use , produce smoke more reliably without the difficulty of re-hydration you have with any type of wood and produce a sweeter , better flavor every time . Add to that the fact that using them is better for the environment -LRB- regardless of what the wood sellers say -RRB- and you ca n't do better than beans . Using then in a gas grill is a breeze . By he way , all the old-timers have known about using beans for eternity . I have just a few trees on my property and it takes me just a few hours to collect a years worth of beans and I grill a lot .
 I was excited to finally get my hose situation sorted out . Installed this thing and it leaks like crazy . It 's the correct size for my hose 3/4 '' . Bummed .
 The tube which is inserted into the end of the hose fit so loosely in my 3/4 '' Gilmour hose that no amount of crimping would make a leak free seal . Admittedly , the package does say `` HOT WATER '' , BUT , the back of the package states `` FOR OUTDOOR AND COLD WATER USE ONLY '' .
 Did not work for me , after applying on Saturday I was eaten up with Mosquitoes on Monday while trying to grill hamburgers . Would not recommend this product .
 This is probably the biggest waste of money I 've been guilty of all year long . This stuff did absolutely NOTHING to reduce or control the mosquito population in my yard . The only thing that seemed to work at all was to hire a local pest company to spray up in the trees in my back yard . Do n't waste your money on this stuff !!!
 Whatever you do do n't buy this product or any other product from the company that makes these mosquito repellent granules ! First of all , the granules smell horrible and we had to send them back because of this reason . We had n't even taken any granules out of the container and it smelled up our whole garage ! Also , it took over 2 weeks to ship when it was promised in 3-4 days . Even though the company received the unopened , returned product back we have still yet to get a refund or hear from them -LRB- it 's been over a month -RRB- . The company conveniently leaves their phone number off their invoice so that you ca n't contact them . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I ordered this product upon getting fed up with the mosquito problems we have in Virginia . I ordered four 5 lbs . containers of this stuff and spread it out as described on the instructions . I covered my front lawn and the rear area of my lawn including under the deck and around area 's where my family hangs out . This product says it even starts to work after 1 hour ! One hour came and went . Two hours came and went . 3 DAYS came and went . We still have a lot of of mosquito 's coming around , only now my yard has a funky odor due to the Dr. T 's granules . If you are in the mood to waste some money on a product to make your lawn smell funky , by all means , purchase this product . If you 're looking to repel mosquito 's , buy something else and let me know if it works .
 Really hoped that this product would repel the asian tiger mosquitos that are common in northern VA. . It did nothing for the mosquitos , but it did seem to repel the gnats that are a frequent annoyance in the grass . I gave two stars as a decent gnat repeller , but it would get zero stars as a mosquito repeller .
 This product is a complete waste of money . IT DOES NOT & WILL NOT WORK . I take care of nearly 100 lawns , and have several years of experience in lawn applications . This product goes down as one of the worst I 've ever used . The active ingredients make up only 1.6 % of what you 're buying . So what is the rest of the `` mosquito repellant '' consist of ? Fuller 's earth , also known as CLAY . So , if you want to spend money on putting clay in your yard go for it .
 Hoping to challenge the annual swarm of mosquitoes that my roommate encourages with her horticultural nightmares , I bought this and sprinkled it weekly throughout the `` garden '' while she was n't looking . After 1 week , no change . After 2 months ... still no change , other than the smell of stale garlic and foot odor coming from the granules all over the area .
 We live near a protected marshland park , and so our yard is loaded with mosquitoes . I spread this according to the directions throughout my half acre yard , spreading it with a fertilizer hand spreader . Even after waiting a few days , the number of bug bites I was getting after was pretty much the same as before . I saw no decrease for my time , money and effort , and I really wanted this to work .
 I have several dogs and children running around a shared backyard and thought this would be a great alternative to pesticides . I was wrong , first it does not work ! Second it smells like rotten garlic and cat pee!The only thing this product repells is people and dogs !!
 Strong smell . Very strong . It didnt seemm to keep away mosquito for more than the area it was placed in . So I guess you would have to place it in every inch of your yard . Impossible really . and not cost effective ... as it seems to rinse away in the rain . Not really worth the money .
 I live in Florida . This year 's mosquitoes have been particularly bad . I purchased this product last week and it had little or no effect . However , everyone was right about the smell .
 It works , but only for a couple of days . It smelled , but I did n't mind it as long as the mosquitoes were nowhere near me . Two days later the mosquitoes were back and the weather had been sunny for the two days . I would recommend this product if it worked longer -LRB- I would be ok with weekly -RRB- but two days is not nearly enough .
 We found that this product was not effective in repelling mosquitos and it has a sickening pungent garlic odor that makes it impossible to be around .
 I used this in combination with all kinds of `` green '' - ish eco friendly mosquito solutions in Texas , including dryer sheets tucked in the pocket and lemon eucalyptus spray . The mosquitoes in Deep East Texas were NOT the least bit offended by this product or any other safe , natural method this year . But this year there was a different type of mosquito - with stripes ! - than I had seen the previous year . The mosquitoes with stripes seem to be particularly resistant and blood thirsty , and sadly , it definitely takes a poison to knock them down .
 After having read mixed review , I figure I 'll purchase two containers as overkill for my small lawn . Figure if it 's going to work , it 'll work better when there 's more right ? Save your money . I have n't noticed any reduction in the mosquito population if the number of bites my kids and I are receiving are any indication . Another words , no change even after dumping both containers in our lawn all at once -- spread evenly w / a spreader .
 I got these chairs in july 2006 and was very pleased how they look . After eight months front right legs on both chairs cracked and broke.We are not overweight people -LRB- 140-190lb -RRB- . Very sad that we have to replace them , because we were happy with appearance .
 I 'm overall , very happy with this collection of chairs , chaises , and tables . 16 chairs , 12 chaises , 4 large tables , and 4 small tables purchased . 5 Benches purchased , with 3 of them having arms breaking at the weld !!! Have not been able to repair them , and have gotten NO satisfaction from customer service for either replacement or adjustments . Therefore ... mixed review !!!!
 I read all the great reviews and the price was right , so I got it . It arrived with one of the arms broken where the weld is . As I said , just my luck ! Called amazon custom service who did a price adjustment because my husband thought he could reweld it . Turns out it is not weldable with a regular old welder ... you need a pop metal welder , whatever the heck that is . However , a friend looked at it and said to drill a hole and screw it together . Drilling the hole was not an easy task , but hubby did get it fixed and I painted the crack as best I could . So Amazon was good about adjusting the price , but I was not happy about it arriving broken even though it is servicable now .
 I was very disapointed with the quality of this product . One of the chairs had a big crack under one of the arm rest . This product came in such a large box that I did n't bother to return them because it would it been such a hassle . This was my first purchase from Amason and my last .
 I 've sharpened chains with just a file for years and thought this might be helpful . Now my chains cut crooked . I will not use this product again . This is made in CHINA and marketed by OREGON . I expected more from Oregon than this . I think most any product would be better than this . If you gave this to me I still would n't use it , as it does more damage than good .
 As I was tightening the guide to the chainsaw bar , the metal housing cracked . I got far less than I paid for .
 Bad design !! Spring nut does not tighten , comes loose every stoke of the file!Other Oregon chain sharpeners in the past do n't have this problem with the angle tightening screw .
 I will pick up from the fine review by `` Master of None '' who states he is familiar only with an old Granberg model and did not have the current Granberg 106B . I do have the new Granberg 106BGranberg Bar-Mount Chain Saw Sharpener , Model # G-106Band have found it to be excellent . Before I bought the Granberg 106B I used the Oregon 23736A for about 80 filings and I have now done about 100 filings with the Granberg 106B , so I am pretty familiar with both jigs.The quick report is that I agree with other reviewers that the Oregon jig is flimsy . I will add that it is also jerky , slow , and strange . I find the Granberg 106B to be rigidly built , streamlined for speed , and with an excellent height gauge that I use to set the file height exactly . Both jigs have insufficient documentation.As I write this review , I can see both jigs , but you can see almost all of the important details in the Amazon pictures . Both jigs have the same 8 '' file , so you can judge the different scales of the photographs.The Granberg is much more rigid because it is very compact and has all-metal construction with solid , thick walls . I think you can see from the pictures that the Oregon is quite a bit taller , which naturally makes it more limber , and the frame distorts in normal use . The Granberg has fully solid sidewalls with no light-weighting . On the Oregon picture , you can see three panels of light-weighting that make this tall frame even more flimsy . The Granberg frame holds its shape when you tighten the body screw . Because the frame keeps its shape , you can easily keep the chain centered under the pivot point of the rotating frame and go side to side with no adjustment of the stop screw . With the Oregon jig , it visibly distorts with normal torque of the body srew , making it hard to match the cain location with the pivot point of the rotating filing frame . With the Oregon , I always had to adjust the stop screw when I went side-to-side leading to longer filing time because of this extra operation.Although it is painted black like the metal parts , the Oregon filing frame is made of plastic , giving it a mushy feel . This leads to less accuracy and longer filing time . On the Oregon , I could hold the cutter lengths to no better than 0.015 '' . The Granberg has an all-metal filing frame and has a crisp feel . I routinely control the lengths to three times better at about 0.005 '' -- as good as factory-ground chain . With the more rigid filing frame you get a nearly abrupt stop and fewer strokes are made with contact against the stop screw . Since most of the time your file has a full bite , you will benefit from shorter filing time.Notice that the chain clamp on the Granberg is rather short at about 1 '' while the Oregon clamp is roughly twice as long . Also -LRB- Sorry , you can not see this -RRB- , there is problem with the bottom feet of the Oregon clamps . The Oregon clamp feet are just bent metal and do not provide sufficient control to prevent the clamp from pitching forward and back and catching on the cutters as the chain is advanced . The feet of the Granberg clamps have a special design feature for precise registration . With the Granberg , I can pull the chain smoothly through the clamps for both 0.325 '' and 3/8 '' chain . In contrast , the Oregon clamps tend to hang up on the cutters when I advance the chain . This problem is especially bad with 0.325 '' chain.The red hex nut you see on the top of the Oregon frame is the height adjustment . The hex head dial is too small to achieve accuracy , the numbers are tiny , and the red-on-red marks have low contrast . Each of the six sides is divided into two sections each amounting to 0.009 '' of height adjustment , so you have twelve sections each of 0.009 '' making a total of 0.108 '' height change per revolution . OK , why use a hex head dial instead of the customary round dial ? Why design for units of 0.009 '' ? It is a bit hard to see in the picture , but the Granberg height adjustment has a generous head size and , thankfully , is a round dial . The raised marks are easy to read with the gray metal giving sharp shadows for good contrast . One rotation is exactly 0.100 '' and you have ten clearly marked divisions of 0.010 '' . This math does not hurt my head . I can easily read within a division to achieve an accuracy of 0.002 '' . The Granberg height adjustment is very handy and I use it to set my file height at the start of every filing , so my cutters always have exactly right hook.I do like the knurled retaining nut on the Oregon jig , and replaced one of the wingnuts on my Granberg with a 3/4 '' check nut3/4 -LRB- A -RRB- , 7/32 -LRB- B -RRB- , 1/2 -LRB- C -RRB- , 5/32 -LRB- D -RRB- , 10-32 thd. , Steel , Check Nut , Reid Selectfor faster side-to-side switching.Did I mention that the Granberg is lighter by 1/3 and costs less?In summary , the Oregon 23736A is outclassed by the Granberg 106B .
 I have used oregon chains and bars for years . They have always tended to be of average or better quality . I was quite supprised that Oregon would allow their name of such a poorly engineered and shoddy product . When the guide is set up exactly as per instructions , the chain guide will not allow the chain to pass through the clamps . Had I bought this thing locally , it would have gone back the next day . Rather than go through all the return hassels through Amazon , I just decided to chalk it up to experience and eat it . I have decided that it is better to just pay a little more and buy some things locally than to buy from Amazon , sigh unseen and end up with a useless peice of crap . Save your $ 40 and just buy a plain old round file and hand guide . You will do a better job of sharpening and save some money too .
 See my review of the female fitting . This product is made of the same poor quality thin metal and did not work properly . Gilmour needs to stick with making great hoses - their fittings are junk .
 I bought this with very high hopes . I battle squirrels all day , everyday in several bird feeders . So I bought this realllly hoping it would work.It seemed to keep them kinda at bay but then I looked out on the porch and there was this HUGE fat grey fuzzy squirrel , looking very smug eating my most expensive birdseed.I smacked my hand on the window , and he just looked around . I quickly slid open the door , hoping that would scare him a way , and it did , but not before he grabbed one last mouthful of my heavily laced birdfood.I doubled the dose , I tripled the dose , I read all the directions.Nothing.It might just be Florida.But it sure did n't work for me . I will try it one more time , with another batch . . If not , I am returning it .
 I mixed a 2.5 lb batch of birdseed with this stuff and I followed the directions to a T -LRB- add oil , wait 20 min , etc -RRB- . This simply does not work . My squirrels were n't even phased , they just munched away on my birdseed like nothing had happened . So , I doubled the amount of Squirrel Away . The squirrels still ate it . Then , I tripled the amount of Squirrel Away . The squirrels * still * ate it.Bottom line
 I know many may consider this Gazebo Arch because the price seems decent . Let me lend my experience to you ... DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !! This item is not only terribly cheap looking it is incredibly cheaply made . When I returned this item to Target the sales associate asked me the reason for the return ? I simply and truthfully answered `` It 's a hunk of JUNK !! '' FLIMSY/UGLY/WASTE OF MONEY !! Will NEVER last longer than a year , will never hold up to the growth of a vine . TERRIBLE PRODUCT ! Should of listened . I would give this product a non-star if I could !!
 This item I thought would be great to have in my lawn was not what I expected . A man in town that put one up in my neighbors lawn a year ago told me about how flimsy this is and after the first strong wind it was all twisted and mangled . I did n't even open the box . Just sent it back for a full refund .
 Knowing that this was inexpensive in relation to other arches and arbors available on Amazon , I took a chance and purchased this arch as an indoor wedding decoration only . Not only were we unable to use this arch for the wedding , we could not even put it together . This is coming from three college educated people who have put many a pain in the neck item together in their time ! Be advised that this item is not worth the inexpensive price by any stretch of the imagination . In fact , I can safely say that this was the single most worthless item that I have ever purchased on the internet . This includes Amazon , Ebay , Etsy , Walmart , K-Mart , Home Depot , Sears , Macy 's , JC Penney 's , and the list goes on and on !!!!! PLEASE do n't be tempted to purchase this item based on a few positive reviews . Spend your money wisely and rent from a Rental Center for a wedding decoration or just do without it if it is to be used in a garden . Thank you very much !
 I should have listened to some of the reviews for this arch . It leaned to one side after I put it together and there was no way it would ever withstand the weight of some climbing vines . I became so frustrated looking at it leaning in my yard and I would go out to try to lean it up straight . After a couple of days of this , it finally just tipped completely over and broke one of the joints where it connects . This was a complete waste of money , time , and effort .
 It looks a lot nicer in the picture . It took my husband and I two days to put it together because it 's so flimsy , and it 's still not right . Green color looks very cheap . I do n't expect it to last very long . Not worth the money .
 This tri-pod trellis is easy enough to put together but it is very flimsy and cheap . When I was assembling it , some of the screws stripped the holes and could n't be tightened . Also the screws and nuts of the top piece wo n't tighten enough to keep the parts from twisting . I had my boyfriend who is very knowledgeable of assembling furniture and lawn items help me . Even with very expensive Snap On tools , and buying new quality screws and nuts it just is n't worth it . I will probably have him weld all the joints together , but even then that wo n't solve the akwardness of the three legs . There needs to be a brace or bottom part to connect the three legs . Without any bracing , the whole unit is very flimsy , even when the legs are planted in the ground . I suppose he can weld some sort of support for the bottom legs but for crying out loud , I expected more for my money than this !
 Is this oil really 52 dollars for enough oil to make a one gallon mix . There has to be an error somewhere .
 Online Picture was not what was sent - totally wrong and waste of my time . Shame on you . Very , very disappointed
 Kinks to easily which cut off the water supply to the nozzle . Would be okay if you had it installed on a hosereel and , therefore , reeled it out to use and then reeled it back in after use
 I own and use `` heavy duty '' rubber hoses and the true heavy duty hoses do not kink . This one will in a heart-beat .
 We set this outdoor bench up on a brand new brick paver patio that had been installed 3 weeks prior . It rained & all of the stain ran off the bench onto the brick pavers & stained & ruined them . It was awful !! They must have used a very cheap stain . I have never experienced anything like this by any other outdoor furniture . Now it will cost me money to replace the brick pavers that this destroyed . If you value your patios and/or clothing , I would highly recommend not purchasing this product .
 Product was a bit of a disappointment . But the price should have been the red flag . There were cheaper ones so I thought this would be sturdier . In our summers this plastic dried out pretty quickly and had an `` economic '' feel to it . Did not work well with miracle gro .
 This Product is a waste of time and for sure a waste of money !! Simply it does not work , i already sent it back today !!!
 i bought this sprayer and filled it with insect spray to treat my hydrangeas . i happily sprayed away and did not notice that this did not use any of the insecticide product , just water from the hose . the hydrangeas ended up dying because they did not get treatment , 6 huge beautiful 7 ft wide plants . this year i started spraying again but i noticed that it was not using up the insecticide so i resprayed and measured the amount i put in the sprayer , sprayed again and measured -- none was used . we did everything correctly but it did not suction out any insecticide causing the plants to die from no treatment . after 2 spray sessions today that ended up being pure water i found my old ortho dial and spray and had everything done in no time . besides the fact that the ortho actually uses the insecticide in the sprayer -LRB- a miracle apparently -RRB- , it has much better spraying action.this product is terrible and it killed my plants by depriving them of treatment !!! do not buy it !!!
 This thing costs twice as much as one from home depot and works half as well . The cannister detached from the handle , dumping the liquid inside all over the ground . When I put it back together , I failed to notice the straw that siphons up the liquid was n't in there , so I did all my work and then realized my mistake . Then I had to redo my work . I 'm returning this for a full refund as defective .
 Very soft and pliable with quality fittings , but KINKS HORRIBLY . Seems to lack inner hose reinforcements . Unless you do n't mind fighting with a hose every time you use it , I 'd look for a different product .
 I have had black rubber hoses from other manufacturers that were stiff but flexible and resisted kinking . This hose is definately not one of those . Although the description describes it as having a thick and durable wall it is not very stiff at all . In the first few minutes of using it about 10 kinks developed that totally stopped all water flow . You need to carefully lay out the hose before use and watch constantly that you do n't twist it since kinks form with the least provocation . All in all I wish that I had bought another Craftsman brand black rubber hose that I have for the front of my house since that almost never kinks .
 We purchased this hose more for the color than anything else . It arrived and it was black , which made my day . My husband installed it and immediately began complaining that the hose would n't unravel correctly and kept twisting . He filled it with water thinking this would straighten out the kinks . Unfortunately he was wrong . During every use the hose would kink so the water supply would shut off . Today , approx 10 days in use , I noticed a hole as I watered more than what I intended to . Sad as there is not a huge supply of black hoses but very happy that Amazon has a great return policy . I will continue my search .
 I purchased pieces from the Arboria Idlewild collection late last fall . These pieces did not even make it through three months of outside weather . They mildewed , splintered , withered and warped . I then read the `` warranty '' . It promised nothing more than that !
 What I received was technically the correct product . The real deal breaker is that the `` Genuine leather sheath '' was actually bubble wrap taped around the head . I 'm actually glad that it was missing because it motivated me to send the tool back , which I probably would not have done only because of the several other issues . It is also not the same as the one pictured in the listing . The one I got has a blue , sparkle painted finish instead of the grey head shown in the photo here . I could have ordered this one from Sears for $ 28 shipped but I wanted the newer model and ordering from Amazon is just more convenient . It was also pretty beat up and scuffed - not that it would n't end up this way after a few uses , it was just another thing that put me off about this particular order . Companies and customer service let me down all the time , I guess this is just more disappointing because I 've ALWAYS been satisfied with Amazon . A chink in the armor .
 I have n't used it yet ... but how am I supposed to transport this heavy sharp thing safely ? The Product Description says a Genuine Leather Sheath is included , but mine was wrapped in bubble wrap .
 The chain got dull quick , my Total brand chain ran circles around this chain , I will buy the chain i had used before this one , Total semi chisel
 This is a repackage of the Blue Diamond by Watertech . The Blue Diamond is easily a five star item . The issue here is that iRobot only offers a 1 year warranty . You can EASILY find the Blue Diamond for only slightly more with a FOUR year warranty.You want this warranty . The machine is awesome but tends to need work if you use it a lot - and you will . It keeps your pool extremely clean . WaterTech 's customer service is OUTSTANDING . You can buy parts directly from them and they have ALWAYS been fantastic when I 've had any trouble with my Blue Diamond.I love my roomba and skooba , but iRobot really is screwing everyone with this repackage and SEVERE warranty drop .
 worked well for 1 year . Only problem was tangled hose . Now the machine just stopped . There is a plastic cover over the motor that broke . Very poor design . I think this was to protect the motor . Have no idea where to have repaired.Tried to have repaired at Leslie Pool supply . Had no idea how to repair . Seems like the problem is electrical and may be a problem with electric current .
 To call this thing a robot is a joke . It has water jets on the front and back to propel it and all it does is change direction every 30 seconds by a timer -LRB- user definable time -RRB- . That 's it ! That 's all it does . And it tends to climb the walls and it gets itself just far enough above the water line to get air into the unit and once it gets air in it , it just floats on the surface acting like a fountain . You have to keep going out and submerging it to clear the air so it wo n't float . And ... it sometimes gets its wheels caught in the power line . I just updated my review to add that I 've tried everything with this product to keep it from crashing but it does every time . By crashing I mean it 'll climb just far enough above the water line to get a tiny amount of air in it and after that happens , it 's all over . After that it 'll just churn water and air on the surface and spin around , sometimes even upside down . I 'm meticulous about turning it all ways under water to get all the air out before I start it each time and it starts OK but invariably , at some random time it 'll get air in it and just stop working properly . After observing it today , I think a lot of the problem is caused by our buddy seat or the stairs . Since it climbs walls , it can be traveling along on the wall underwater horizontally and hit either the buddy seat or the stairs at just the wrong angle to pop a wheel or the side far enough out of the water to get air in it . At that point , it will never `` right itself '' because it ca n't get the air out and all it 'll do is dance on the surface of the water . I would not recommend this product . There are far more effective products on the market for this price or cheaper . As another reviewer pointed out , do n't expect this thing to be like a Roomba because it is not a robot . It has no sensors , no way to control turns , does n't try to avoid obstacles , and all it does is propel itself and reverse direction every 30 seconds , or whatever time interval you set .
 Read the details of this unit very closely . I bought it because it said it had a `` swivel '' for the cord . Those are hard to find and work wonders to keep the cord from winding up . This unit does NOT have a swivel of any kind to allow the cord to not become twisted.Pro - Does run right up the walls -LRB- above ground pool -RRB- Con - When it sits at the water level waiting for the timer to send it back the other way the powerful water jet from its top is stirring up all the settled stuff on the bottom where it is about to go to vacumne . Kinda silly.Con - The delay is just long enough when the timer switches the water direction that very often the unit will float off the sidewall before the pump re-engages and end up belly up in the pool . It did this 7 times in a 2 hour run . Like a Turtle , you have to step in to help or it will just stay that way.Pro - Very long power cordCon - Stiff and difficult to untangle when it gets all wound up . Does this EVERY use . A little plastic twirly thingy is of no use , you still are instructed to unplug it , pull it out of the water and find 50 '' of space to unwind the cord . That 's just crazy.Con - rides too high off the bottom and stirs up just about as much as it cleans.Con - It is too wide to do a very good job of the bottom perimeter -LRB- where the wall meets the bottom -RRB- because of that height and width.This unit is NOT driven by its wheels but rather only by a water jet from the top . It took 5 hours to clean the bottom of the pool.I finally found a smaller unit that is motor driven , has a nice wiping wheel , has not tangled the cord in 6 cycles . Small but VERY effective and cheaper . My pool is under some trees -LRB- I know , not a good idea -RRB- but this little guy is on a timer that I bought separately to run him twice a day and the bottom of my pool is perfectly clean all the time . IT will clean the entire bottom in about 1.5 hours and picks up some pretty big stuff . I had to order three different vacuums because of crafty wording by the seller before I found this Smart Kleen . Do your research . Check out the Smart Kleen Universal Robotic Swimming Pool Floor Cleaner sold by In The Swim Pool Supplies .
 Would definitely not reccomend this product . It never covers the entire pool and tends to go to deep end . To redirect it , you have to pull the cord and try to make go in a different direction . It is horrible on fine dirt . Basically all it does is pick up leaves at the bottom of the pool and it never once went up the stairs in the pool . The one we got , went dead after 2mths of use , so now we are faced with a nearly $ 700.00 dinosaur . Not sure how to go about getting it replaced . Think next summer we will just switch to system reccomended by our pool guy . He likes the Polauris system . We did n't choose it , because we were worried about overworking the pool filter , but this thing was a disaster . Anything would be better .
 it cleans fairly well but broke after less than 2 months . irobt -LRB- lack of -RRB- customer support refered me to another company in florida who refused to honor my warrenty . after a two week running battle they agreeded to let me send my robot for repair . do not know the cost yet.the florida company stated they had `` nothing to do with irobot , however , would not answer my question of why the robot was purchased from irobot fom their site with their name and logo on it . irobot was less helpful.I really did not expect to be helpeful since their roomba breaks down every three months and they alsoo refuse to honor their warrenty on a new robot they sent me -LRB- due to the original defective one purchased -RRB- requiring replacement.The common thread with irobot is their products look good , they make promises they do not keep and their products are junk ... stay away from them
 I have owned pools over 40 years . This is one of the worst gimmicks I have seen . A dozen small leaves will stop it . Shock residue will clog either bag . It must be cleaned after each use , which means you remove the bag and dig everything out and rinse the bag . This machine will work in a completely spot-less pool . But , in that case why would you need it . If you want an automated pool cleaner , spend $ 1500 - $ 2500 on a real cleaner that runs off a pressure port .
 This machine is only effective if your pool is absolutely clean . I read the manual and have tried everything to make it worth it . No matter which filter bag is used , it will clog quickly with leaves or shock residue . You must clean the machine and bag after every use . It runs great if your pool is perfect . Ten average size leaves will stop this machine in its tracks.Why would you need a pool cleaner to clean a clean pool ? This is my fourth pool since 1973 . Next time I will ask for proof a machine is worth it .
 My Verro 300 failed after 3 uses with a defective timer unit . iRobot customer support was friendly and promised to send a new timer right away but it never arrived despite 2 follow-up calls from me , their promises to send it and further promises to `` look into the issue '' . Summer is short in new England and they need to be a bit faster to support defective units.I can say that when the thing worked it did a great job and it pains me to return the unit.Brian
 I bought this robot hoping it would do it 's job and save me some time . Instead I spent significantly more time cleaning my pool for the first time than if I just did it manually . First of all do n't even think about using this robot if your pool is dirty -LRB- i.e. when you just opening it -RRB- . When the pool is dirty the robot works just several minutes and then it simply stops because it 's movement directly depends on how dirty the filter is . So to clean my pool for the first time I needed to do the following procedure about a dozen times
 HelloI like and other iRobot products like the roomba . So I figured that if they make a pool robot it has to be good . I was wrong , Plus , They do n't make it anyway , it 's outsourced to a company called aqua products . I found this out when I call the troubleshooting help line . They said my pool was to dirty and it was clogging up the robot and that the robot was made to maintain an already clean pool - OK it was dirty so I cleaned it to as clean as it 's ever been . The Verro still only went about 30 feet that stopped . The Filter bag was hardly dirty.I sent it back to amazonSincerelyJim
 I made the mistake of trying another product from iRobot and was disappointed again . I had purchased a Roomba in the past and it failed after only a couple months . Same thing with the Verro - it worked about 5 times and either the motor or the power supply has died and now I 'm facing the same customer support issues others have noted . Do n't make the mistake of buying an iRobot product - the concepts are great , but the quality/reliability is a joke .
 I love my Roomba . Unfortunately the Verro 300 does n't compare . It did a great job on the deep end of the pool , but never , no matter the timing adjustments we made , would return to the shallow end . I did n't keep it . Not worth $ 700.00 to only keep half the pool clean .
 from a fellow wooter : `` This robot < Water Tech Blue Sapphire Robotic Pool Cleaner > is actually the same unit iRobot sells as the Verro 500 . `` so my experience last weekend with the Blue Sapphire : tossed it in the pool . let it soak a while , turned it on . it hobbled really slowly . -LRB- inches per minute perhaps -RRB- to a corner and sat for pretty much the 1.5 hours . i tried few more cycles . pretty much same results . after some investigating , it looks like one of the drive belts is way too big . it goes around the right pulleys/tensioners but its teeth have no hope of staying in contact with motor/gear . apparently , the one good drive belt is not enough to get the thing to move . so ... pretty much DOA . what a disappointment . manufacturer says drive belts not covered under warranty . the `` authorized dealer '' link is dead . so far , no reply from phone message i left with cust service . `` live '' on line chat had me leave a message and my email address . no response on that either . also ... looks like the one belt that was properly sized has now had some teeth chipped off . too much strain for one belt . and that can NOT be good for the motor to quiver and twitch for an hour and a half and not be able to move . woot gave me an RMA . thank goodness . the manufacturer support is , so far , zero .
 I tried the Verro 300 for two weeks , with very mixed results . We live in Palm Desert , which can be very windy and there is a lot of airborne sand . The regular bag is too porous to catch the sand , and the fine bag clogs almost immediately . After talking to the factory , my conclusion is that this unit is not for dusty areas . Also , the unit wo n't climb curved steps -LRB- mine are -RRB- and it took two cleaning cycles to cover a 16x32 pool . If you live where leaves and debris are your problem , the 300 would probably work . But if you need to get the sand out on a daily basis , do n't get this item .
 We purchased a Verro 300 in April . The plug on the power supply broke after 2.5 months of use ! When calling iRobot , we discovered they DO NOT support the warranty on these machines . We were sent to a company called AquaProducts that makes the machines for iRobot . After many emails and phone calls , we were left with having to pay to send the power supply to NJ for repair . Since the plug was loose upon receipt , we do n't feel this was a satisfactory solution . We will discontinue use of this machine ... have already bought another pool cleaner . This was a very expensive $ 700 bad lesson ...
 iRobot Verro 100 Pool-Cleaning Robot for Above-Ground PoolsAfter running great for two days it blew its fuse . We replaced the fuse but it would no longer run . We could not get any technical support from the iRobot number the call routed to a singles dating site . When provided with a second number no one answered the phone . We tried email but no one returned our emails . After two frustrating days we called to request how to return the product for our money back . No one seemed to care we could not get any service .
 Amazon suggested this when I bought my poulan weed whacker , but it does n't fit my poulan . I ended up rigging a strip of cloth tied like a sling and that works just fine . Save yourself some time , trouble , and money and do what I did .
 The main bolt that connects everything to the trimmer was not included . I tried removing the old bolt , but it was next to impossible without destroying it . Thus I was unable to use only half the kit -LRB- the half that was not really needed -RRB- .
 I bought one of these at my local Natural Farm Store that carries everything for the small farm , moderate sized livestock ranches , and , all things for Pet owners , herbicides , pesticides , insecticides , etc. . This `` FARNAM '' Fly Trap is crap.Even the other person that rated it , did so improperly . She admitted that it did n't do any good , and , she ended up re-hydrating it and pouring Beef blood in it to finally get it to work . So , she gave it 5 Stars . The product deserves the lowest mark . I even bought extra liquid `` stink '' bait -LRB- pheromones supposedly -RRB- , and , THAT did n't help . I only got about 10 flies or so over 2 weeks in an area heavily saturated with flies , and , no other detractors . It just did n't do as advertised despite I doubled the strength of the attractant.I finally ordered the `` As seen on TV '' Fly Trap called `` Flies Be Gone '' here at AMAZON . In just 2 days after it was delivered , it had already captured twice what the Farnam product did in 2 weeks . Go with the `` Flies Be Gone '' . It might cost more , but , well worth it .
 Despite the absolutely horrific smell I did n't manage to catch any flies . I guess it 's meant for a horse stable that is over run with flies , but I 'm dubious . I live on 5 acres in horse country and although I have no stables my neighbor does . The trap did n't work near my house so I hung it from a tree near my neighbors stables and still nothing . I bought 4 of these traps but threw 3 in the trash .
 Complete junk - they 're not at all puncture resistant and the seems fell apart in about a week of moderate use .
 I have a ton of thistle this year to clear from my `` yard '' in the northern California hills . The thorns go right through my -LRB- relatively thin -RRB- leather work gloves . I thought these would be better , but they are not . Maybe these gloves would work with shorter , duller thorns , but the long thin thorns of a thistle go through them like they were made of paper . Plus , the gloves do n't feel or look very well made . And , if you 're doing any really heavy duty yard clearing , you 'll want gloves with a velcro wrist strap to keep things from getting to your hands through the open end of the glove . These gloves do n't have that . Overall , a complete waste of money .
 My wife ordered me the GardenArmor Ultimate Protection Cactus gloves -LRB- model 240 -RRB- in November of last year as an x-mas present . As of 1/23 I have still not received the gloves we ordered . We had to call their customer service two weeks before x-mas to find out we would n't be receiving the gloves we ordered . They offered to send a complimentary pair of the Essential GardenArmor Gloves -LRB- Model 225 -RRB- until our order arrived . When I called after x-mas to inquire as to when I would receive the gloves we originally ordered and to request a smaller size , I was not even given an estimated date of arrival.Meanwhile , the 225 Garden Armor gloves I received instead are a complete waste of the money . First of all , They are made in Pakistan , which is deplorable . Secondly , they were somewhat resistant to bougainvillea and mesquite thorns , but prickly pear thorns went all the way through with no problem . The material is also very slippery , it is very difficult to securely grasp wooden tools or wheel barrow handles with these gloves on . Worst of all , after about 2 days of moderate use , the gloves began to tear in the fingers . By my third day of use the stitching around the thumb area began to unravel and now the gloves are useless . For the same price I could have purchased 4 pairs of decent gloves from Ace . I am not even going to try the 240 Model after this experience , I am going to get my money back . That is , if their customer service person ever answers or calls me back.I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 because they did promptly send me a smaller size when I was finally able to get a hold of someone in customer service , however the quality of these gloves is not worth any price .
 I bought this filter because I just needed a back up filter -LRB- for another not-so-great filter I bought -RRB- . I was n't going to buy an expensive one when we 're nearing the end of swimming season.The only way this filter works well is if you take it out , clean it , and let it dry before reusing it . And it 's only good for one filtering cycle . You have to have at least two of these in order to be able to filter your pool every day.I will definitely be going back to Pleatco next season .
 Unfortunately my local WalMart was out so I had to settle for this ad . The front page price is the best I had seen . BUT , the low advertised price does not last long . At checkout you realize they are porking you with shipping costs so they can get the average price of the product . Probably about twice what the shipping should be . I wo n't be returning to this site again . I already know it will not matter to the company b/c their theory is as long as we get a customer to purchase it one time then we have made a sale . They made their inflated profit . Typical business looking out for number 1 . No real deal here .
 This description is useless since it does tell what pump models this filter fits .
 When I ordered this filter , I had clicked on a pack of 3 for 17.99 -LRB- plus an exorbitant shipping charge -RRB- . I only did this because the Wal-Mart where I work did not have any . During the time I was waiting for the shipment , I found out that the Wal-Mart in Chippewa , PA had several packs of 2 on hand for $ 20 . This was only 30 minutes from my home . When I received the package today , to my surprise there was only 1 filter in the box instead of three . I am keeping it because I am not spending the money to ship it back . I 'm glad I made the trip to Wal-Mart to pick up the others . This was very misleading . I will not order from this website again .
 I bought this replacement canopy ... do n't waste your money . The velcro was set to high up to attach to frame . Poor stitching ... had to use ties to attach to the velcro to attach it to the frame . Nothing to hold the corners on with . First windy day and everything came off . The original canopy was made out of canvas , it lasted through 2 summers . This one lasted 4 weeks . Very poor quality .
 At first , the canopy seemed fine . It fit nice and was easy to put up . 2 days later , the winds picked up and ripped almost all of the velcro attachments of the main part of the canopy . The velcro is not attached on any reinforced material , not even a seam . There are a few stitches holding it on light canvas type material . Do n't waste your money if you live in a windy city . ''
 First of all this product do fit just as bad as the OEM equipment . The original design is no better than this . Do n't to find a better product for you gazebo . Just another brand of gazebo that makes a better top.Pros
 Quality very poor . Velcro in wrong places need purchase additional stripes to make it work . 1/3 of them broke off . It did not last three months . Sorry to say this but ... . NO GOOD
 This macine is not durable . Not advisable for breaking up compact soil . Not designed to do what a tiller is expected to do . Would not recomend this machine to anyone .
 I just received this shovel today . It was a size that would fit in my trunk , however the blade connection to the shaft of the shovel was very weak . It was held by one philips head screw . I am going to return it to Amazon .
 Unfortunately the bench we received was defective , in that the drill wholes of the seating area did not match up with the drill wholes of one of the legs . Therefore we were unable to assemble the bench . Currently we are trying to obtain refund not only on the bench , but also on shipping charges . A bit of a headache ...
 I ordered two in May for Memorial Day . They arrived in June , and were packed so poorly that the FedEx driver apologized for the condition of the boxes . When I opened them , I found the parts were packed in thin cardboard and loose styrofoam . The wooden parts were gouged and scratched , and several metal parts were broken . I needed these benches for a memorial park , so I ordered another , and that one was just as bad . I was able to take parts from all three and make one that was presentable after I sanded and revarnished the wood and painted the metal parts . Amazon customer service said I could return the damaged benches , but how ? The boxes were in no condition to return anything . I decided to contact the company to order replacement parts for the broken metal pieces , twice . It 's been two months and I 'm still waiting . These benches arrived as pieces of junk , and no one should order one . They 're impossible to return , and there 's no way to order parts .
 Excellent price and free s/h ; but the package arrived in extremely poor condition ~ ~ 4 weeks after placing the order . I requested a return without even opening it . As this is not typical of Amazon.com , as well as returns are so easy , I really do n't have much to complain about . Maybe Amazon should reconsider selling this item .
 I ordered this item on July 20th . As of today , November 19th I have still not received it . I finally gave up and cancelled the order . Perhaps they changed their mind about selling it at the advertised price ?
 This is a follow-up to my previous review which I submitted on September 15 , 2004 . Yesterday I received yet another notice from Amazon that my order for this item was -LRB- yet again ! -RRB- delayed . Now the revised `` estimated '' delivery date is December 9th-December 29th !!?? I ordered this bench July 21st , figuring if I ordered it in July I 'd get it by Labor Day . Now it looks like I really will get it for Labor Day ... of 2005 ... if I 'm lucky . I will never again order any furniture item from Amazon . This is truly pathetic . If I did n't have my heart set , for going on six months now , on putting this hummingbird bench in my garden -LRB- which has hummingbirds in nice weather -RRB- I 'd just cancel it and get something else . I 'm extremely disappointed in Amazon ` lack of service . It is a first in my experience with them .
 I ordered this item on May 24th , and as of June 29th , still have n't received it from Amazon . I will do another review if I get it !
 The flamingo whirly gig was advertised at being of $ 113.00 value . Who are they trying to kid ? It is a 1 sided toy mounted on thin coat hanger legs . Amazon needs to better police what items are being sold by these sellers . I bought this for a gift . But I 'm too embarrassed to give it . The wings wobble and squeal as they rotate . This is obviously a toy worth $ 1.13 not $ 113 . oo.I will never buy from this seller again .
 when this thing arrived the glue holding one of the solar cells in place had broken away from the casing , leaving the cell dangling by two thin wires , I was surprised the solder held , this thing is obviously cheaply manufactured ... , did n't check but if you told me it was manufactured in china of substandard parts I would n't be surprised , good news is Amazon promptly had the thing picked up and refunded my money ...
 I just received the Wagan Tec 2053 charger . Amazon 's web page states that adapters are supplied for several uses . One use mentioned is a 12 volt vehicle plug ! However , the unit did not contain an adapter for this use !!!!! The manual also references a 12 volt plug !!! I would like to have known this BEFORE I bought the item !!
 I received my Wagan 2053 solar charger about two weeks ago from Amazon . I wanted a solar charger with replaceable batteries as opposed to the lithium ion versions where you are forced to toss the entire unit out in 2-3 years once the battery stops working . It seems to try and be green with solar power , but be throwing the units out after only few years.Also , modern NiMH batteries last for 2000 cycles so even if I used this charger once a day , I would not need to replace the batteries for 6 years . For comparison , the lithium ion chargers get about 1/4 as many cycles.How does it look/feel ? The charger is solid , but nobody will mistake it for a premium product . It is also not a very pretty gadget.How does it work?it works OK . I tried three different phones and it only worked on one of them . It would not charge my Blackberry Curve or my Nokia N900 as both require some intelligent charging circuitry in the charger . This unit merely has a 5V charging socket without any intelligence . In contrast , the Solio models all charge these two phones fine.The charger came with a collection of tips for phones 5 that existed 5 years ago . Most phones use micro-USB these days and there is no included micro-USB tip.Another problem I had is that one can not charge the device because it requires a specific 12V adapter which is not included.If you take it somewhere and deplete the batteries , there is no possibility to charge it up from a wall socket because the device requires a specific 12v adapter which is not included . Most similar products will charge from USB which makes it easy to charge them up on the go when it is not possible to charge via the solar panels.The only controls on the device are a three way switch that allow you to select 12V/Solar , Power From Batteries , and Charge Batteries . The `` 12V/Solar '' option is a strange design choice as it is intended to be used when there are no batteries installed so that device can charge your phone directly from the solar panel instead of through the batteries . I question the utility of this option.In Conclusion : It works , but not particularly well . There are better options .
 The unit arrived broken , and it appeared that someone had opened the package . The unit appeared to be very flimsy and low quality . One of the panels had completely broken off and one of the wires had been cut . Returned for refund .
 My `` Tropic Pink Guava Tree Five Gallon '' : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Came late in the mail . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Was packaged horribly as if a child did it . I have no idea how any one in their right mind would think that a plant could survive in such a mess of old grocery bags and packing tape . -LRB- 3 -RRB- When I contacted the vendor to complain , he made it sound like I was going to get my money back promptly . It 's been 4 weeks since he said `` you will get your money back ; expect it by this friday ! '' -LRB- 4 -RRB- Now , the vendor wo n't even respond to my emails.These sellers are a joke . DO NOT buy anything from them unless you want problems like this . It 's absolutely ridiculous and I am outraged by their below-poor service .
 This alarm does n't work even when installed properly . My son jumped in the pool and it did n't alarm . After resetting it we tried changing the sensitivity and nothing worked . We took it back to the store .
 We had high hopes for this product . But in short
 I ordered mulching blades and was sent regular blades . No response from vendor to correct issue . Would not buy from again .
 I bought two of these due to an infestation of mice in my house . One is plugged in the outlet directly above the kitchen counter , and there is still evidence of mice being on the counter at night . Save your money . Invest in sealing your house , and buy snap traps to kill the mice currently in your house . See -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I really , really , really want/wanted this product to work . I have it plugged in less than 3 feet from my kitchen drawers that have been ransacked by mice . 4 weeks later , I still see fresh poop in the drawer . The directions are pretty sparse -- I do n't think I am misusing it . I am open to any suggestions to make this a better option than laying out poisons . I have two toddlers and a dog . I really want to avoid poison .
 THIS PRODUCT DID NOT WORK !! Not only did it NOT run the bugs away , they were LIVING INSIDE IT ! When the bug proplem still persisted , I unplugged it to possibly move it to another outlet . That 's when I found the bugs living inside it !!!! It certainly made a nice `` home '' for my `` guests '' . If a refund is available , I am mailing that dude back !!!
 Amazon is suppose be returning my money which i have not seen yet the product is no good yes it did remove the mice from in the wall and brought them into the house .
 While I was staying in a barn in Russia , I had to use the Ultrasonic Rodent Repellent for mice and rats . These things do n't work with deaf rodents . Since the rodents lived near a munitions factory and bombing range , most , if not all , had lost the use of their hearing . They would infest the barn I slept in , often biting or nibbling me during the night.Rodents are especially problematic during the hot , sticky summer months , as they breed like rats . They carry fleas -LRB- often with plague -RRB- , urinate and defecate on food crops and are a nuisance.The traditional Russian method is to sleep with a hammer but with so many rodents , it 's impossible -LRB- and tiring -RRB- to kill them all .
 The first log that I tried to lift was about 10 '' in diameter and 8 feet long . I placed the unit about 20 '' from one end . The socket that the jack stand plugs into snapped on the first lift . I do n't know if the metal was crystallized from welding or what but is was extremely weak . I ended up welding in a reinforcing gusset to make the thing work but it is still substandard .
 These tomato plants arrived quickly and unharmed . They did n't come with any growing instructions which would be helpful but thatprobably would make them cost more . Otherwise I 'm satisfied with the product.Update June 19 . 2010These plants turned out to be Jalape & ntilde ; o peppers instead of tomatoes !!!! last time I 'll order from this company !!!
 Not what I was looking for , I should have measured my space better . It is much shorter than I expected out of the product . Overall , however , the product itself if fine , though not as sturdy as some others I 've come across .
 Customers should be aware that the vendors inflate the weight of this item by 19 pounds to increase their shipping `` costs '' . Compare it with the other vendors on amazon that sell the same item , and with off-Amazon vendors . It 's improper to do this .
 Although I followed the conditions for this plant , it failed . I have an excellent growing area , but all I grew were fungus flis . I would not recommend this for someone who does not have a greenhous . Very lovely plant , but not good for the average home .
 I was disapointed in the quality.Boards that do not fit properly.Very bad instructions.Ive seen better wood working from a sith grade class .
 This device needs direct sunlight for it to work and it does not move a whole lot of air . I ca n't see putting a hole in the roof for this device , although it might work well on a storage shed .
 Irregular cutting action , and crooked as well . Attachment holes are not to standard dimensions . Recommend Amazon drop this vendor in favor of Nicholson Prestige from Cooper Tools ; higher price , but better quality and great durability .
 Sproutman is the ultimate shyster . On his website he makes claims that these will sprout `` even the mucilaginous seeds '' such as chia and flax . Once you get the bags in the mail you find a different story on the insert
 trap arrived in good shape -- but the trip plate was so that that the squirrels could walk on it and not set if off -- every day the bait was eaten and no squirrels in the trap -- had to do some bending and adjusting to catch any at all -- all in all -- it is poorly made or adjusted
 Bought this item for one purpose to catch some squirels , but whoever build this cage didnt test it properly they would eat the bait and then just vanish . It would not close or even catch it would stay open all the time . I purchase the smaller version that has two doors works much better . Stay away from it go for 2 doors one and dont purchase easy set release its useless !!
 Havahart 1084 Easy Set/Release One Door Cage Trap for Rabbits , Skunks and Large Squirrels 24 x 7 x 7Purchased the trap first week of aug 2009 . It has been sitting in our front yard more than three weeks and still no captive . Rabbits are still picnicking on our lawn . Baits vanished and have to be replaced three times . Apparently the food were eaten or stolen but the trapping mechanism was not triggered nor work . Money wasted !!!! We are highly dissatisfied and unimpressed !!!
 I purchased this trap and found it to be useless when the temperature is below 50 degreees . The least bump or wind would trigger the trap when it is cold . I contacted the manufacturer to see if it could be adjusted and received this reply . `` Dear David , Thank you for contacting us . I would be happy to assist you with this.Unfortunately there is not a way to adjust the sensitivity of this trap . I do apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.If you need further assistance please contact us.Have a great day!Lindsay HeckConsumer Relations RepresentativeWoodstream Corporation
 I bought this and everything looked fine no damage . But after I found out my dad had what I think is a 1089 he was n't using . So I have been using both . So far I have caught 6 squirells and 2 rabbits . I have only caught one squirell with my 1084 . It has also been `` triggered '' mutiple times without any annimals . I do n't know how they did it but they did . I think it might be too short . I also have n't had any trouble both bigger animals getting in there like skunk or raccoon , knock on wood . Maybe it 's all in the bait . But the 1084 is a little easier to set , and release So I would recomend the 1089 over this just my opinion . I did this on my iPhone so I apologize for any typos or grammar issues cause I 'm not going back to correct em .
 Everyone was entertained on Facebook by the adventures of Pepe the skunk for an entire summer because I could NOT trap it . It had taken over a groundhog hole under my house that I neglected to close up right away after getting rid of the groundhog using another trap . Friends started to doubt the skunk really existed because it took so long to trap it . Finally , after a very resourceful friend added a metal spring to the trap , I was able to capture the animal . I had purchased this trap with the easy quick release on top since I did n't want to come face to face with a skunk , but there was n't enough snap when the trap was sprung .
 The design and appearance looks great , but after trying for 3 weeks to catch the rabbits killing my grass -LRB- pee & poop -RRB- I never caught a single rabbit . I did however ... feed the rabbits as some morning I 'd come out and the apples would be gone or mostly eatin from the very back of the trap .
 I have 3 -LRB- successful -RRB- birdfeeders and go through lots of seed . This nice looking metal , sturdy , ` squirrelproof ' feeder caught my eye . -LRB- I paid more than here on Amazon , too -RRB- I 've had it for 6 months , through an entire spring/summer/fall cycle , rotated sites , rotated seeds . I firmly believe it 's a design flaw . The little perchs are too small for larger birds to sit comfortably and eat the seed . The space between the bottom seed tray and the metal openings are too deep . The birds need to reach down nearly 1 inch to get the seeds - too deep for the little birds . I 've even found the spring-loaded cage locked closed after a squirrel had tried to get to it - the cage never sprang back up to allow access to the seed.PLEASE save your sanity and purchase a different feeder !! Molly in Minnesota
 The bird feeder arrived with numerous cracks in the plastic where the hanging mechanism is attached . Also , the spring that closes the feeder is much too rigid allowing , at its lowest setting , for even a heavy crow to land without closing . Obviously , I am not very happy with the purchase though it appeared to be a good idea . It needs much better quality control !
 Squirrel-Proof - Not at all ! I returned this item .
 I was very disappointed in the produst and the lack of information for setting it up The squirrel proof apparatus I had to try and figure out myself since there were no directions . Now I see the birds can not get at the seed to eat it . There is the same amount of seed as when I filled it 4 weeks ago . As a new customer I am really disappointed . If I buy from Amazon again I hope I will get more satisfaction from the product.The bird feeder looks nice but is not functional . I am contemplating breaking it open to try to modify it so the birds can get to the seed .
 The squirrels broke this feeder in less than a week . They sprung the mechanism . When the squirrels light on the feeder , the birdseed falls out the bottom . This is not worth the money .
 I bought 2 squirrel proof feeders and this one may keep the squirrels out but it does nothing to attract birds . The feed holes at the bottom of the feeder seem to be too hard to get food from therefore the birds congregate on my other feeder which works great ! I would not recommend this feeder .
 I 'd rate it higher but it does n't stop the Squirrels . Does a good job of feeding both the birds and them .
 The squirrels have no problem with this feeder . They just perch off to one side of the feeder which keeps the door from closing . It is kind of fun watching those bushy tailed rats scoop fist-full after fist-full of seeds out of the dispenser and onto the ground . The crows just hang out on the ground and wait for the squirrels to do all the work . Everyone seems to love this feeder other than the song birds I was hoping to cater to . I may try to re-engineer this thing , or I may just throw it away .
 Our squirrels are much too smart for this feeder.It is being returned today .
 I love the case for storage purposes . However , I was dissapointed that the handles are plastic , which is n't mentioned in the description . I 've seen this same brand w / all steel handles so I assumed this was going to be the same .
 Precision Products 75 lbs . semi-comm . broadcast spreader . I purchased one . TBS40000PRCGY Model is to small to pull behind garden tractor , the wheel base is to short and will upset , so use the cover . fifty lbs . of pellet lime or ferizler will fill the one i received . not 75lbs . I ended up putting a 41 lb . suitcase weight across the front tubes this made it hold to the ground and not upset with load and the drive wheel will not slide . Handle adjustment is the bright spot of this spreader , sets easy from mower or tractor seat . This spreader will not work even in small yard unless you can put weights on it , and the pipe tubes may not stand this very long . Buddyb
 Looks pretty and went together easy . BUT ! metal was twisted after first use really inferior made unit but it is pretty until used
 This is ridiculous - do not use this site . I was charged a crazy amount of postal and the goods did not or have not arrived within the recommended time frame , i.e over 2 weeks.I strongly recommend you do not use this site as it is impossible to contact them and they debit your credit card when you ask them not to and you do not get the goods.Is this site a joke ?
 Absolutely horrible chainsaw . Avoid this thing at all costs . I had a Poulan 14 '' that worked perfectly but needed something just a little heavier so I bought this , biggest mistake ever . It is absolutely impossible to start . Even straight out of the box , the pull cord was stuck , so I sent it back and got another . SAME THING . It 's as if they purposely catch the cord at the factory . So I opened it up , freed the cord and it started up . But when I needed to restart it after moving brush that I had just cut , the cord was jammed again ! So what Poulan ? I have to disassemble the chain saw after every start ?
 Paid $ 150 at Tracor Supply and I 'm hoping to recover $ 75 by selling it on craiglist less than a year later.Pros : CheapCons : Ridiculously hard to startChain will not stay tight -LRB- and the nuts that have to be wrenched to tighten it will not take a socket because the plastic cover is poorly designed and in the way -RRB- Chain dulls after 30 minutes of useHolds only about a cup of gas so it only runs for about 15 minutes before refillI only needed a light duty saw for felling the occasional tree and cutting it up for the camp fire , but this saw is not even suitable for that . If you can only afford $ 150 for a chain saw , try to borrow one instead . With this thing you will be out $ 150 and still needing to spend $ 300 on a usable tool .
 I should have known better . I 've had a contractors license and buying good tools is the first rule for a professional.I saw this at Walmart for $ 125 , everything included , plastic case , oil , etc. . I was going camping in a couple days and figured I 'd take a shot.I used it to cut firewood for our home and on several camping trips.First the oiler went . Then the motor quit . I finally quit messing with it and dropped it off at Goodwill.Save your money . Buy a real chainsaw . I had the opportunity more than once to be cutting firewood with friends who used Sthils and Huskys . That 's when you learn the difference , not in the store.The one positive I can say about this saw - you 'll learn how to keep the chain sharp -LRB- or else you 'll burn the little turkey out ! -RRB-
 This chain saw is the biggest piece of junk that i have ever owned . I bought this saw 14 months ago and it is shot . I will never own another Poulan or Electrolux product again .
 Plastic start/off lever . Plastic choke lever fits loosely . Plastic reset lever.Poor design , has the foot pad on the right side so you have to use your left hand to start it - MOST OF THE WORLD IS RIGHT HANDED POULAN!I used it everyday for a week and a half and then the clutch went out on it . Chain wo n't move now so I have to go out and buy another chain saw.You can bet it wo n't be a Poulan ...
 Worked for 20 minutes and have been trying to get it serviced for the last several weeks . Looks like I may have missed the window to return this piece of festering poop .
 I HATE this chainsaw.Poor design , crappy plastic breaks on it . I used it for a month and then the clutch went out on it . Like other raters , my chain wo n't move now so I have to go out and buy another chain saw.WORST MONEY I EVER SPENT ON SOMETHING.I ended up spending twice as much on this Makita , but it was completely worth it.http : / / www.amazon.com/Makita-DCS510-18-Commercial-18-Inch-2-Stroke/dp/B000TML120/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&s;=home-garden&qid;=1260542592&sr;=8-5
 -LRB- My review is for the yellow Poulan Pro version that seems to have been discontinued , but upon inspection I believe it to be essentially the same saw . -RRB- I purchased this saw in the spring from one of the big-box stores and have used it several times . I 've taken out two fairly large -LRB- 14 '' + diameter -RRB- trees on my property along with several small ones . Like one of the other reviewers , I found that the chain needs constant adjustment . I realize that a new saw needs this more than one that 's broken in , but it 's still too much . Also , the starter pulley kept sticking on me , leaving the cord hanging out , and it 's a huge pain to fix -LRB- the pulley is cheap plastic -RRB- . When it works , the saw cuts fine . It starts reasonably easily and has plenty of power . The saw is fairly easy to handle and has decent ergonomics for occasional use , even light firewood-cutting . However , it 's cheaply made and evidently can not stand up to even moderate use . Sure , it 's less expensive than a Stihl or Husqvarna with similar specs and features , but it 's MUCH less saw quality-wise . Also , buying from a chain store with no service makes it a major pain when yours breaks , as mine did.I ended up severely damaging the saw -LRB- my fault , not the saw 's -RRB- and instead of fixing it , I decided to purchase a new one . This time around I 'll spend the extra dough for a Stihl , from a dealership that can actually work on it .
 Plastic everything . Console broke when I tightened screw . Chain bar needs constant adjustment . Starter cord often jams and you have to take it apart to free the cord . Rarely starts cold . Chain kicks off all the time , as the bar does not hold steady . Choke slips and does not hold position at full and half choke . This is the epitome of cheap junk thrown together . I have spent more time fixing and trying to start this piece of junk than I have cutting . This is a cheap saw but adds credence to the ole saying
 I received the Poulan P4018WT `` Wild Thing '' gas chainsaw as a gift last Christmas and have used it a total of 10 times , the reason being it WO N'T START most of the time ! This is the hardest starting gas chainsaw I have ever used . It was obviously cheaply made . Poulan should be ashamed . DO N'T waste your money on this piece of junk !!
 This is a terribly designed chainsaw . I have had the same issue of constantly having to adjust the chain . In order to have the proper tightness of the chain , the bar literally has to hit the clutch drum sprocket . And the chain brake is just stupid . The clutch never disengages . The drum is held `` tight '' by a tension ring . This bogs the motor down and makes the saw shut off when the brake is engaged . If you know any thing about chainsaw safety you know that the brake should be on anytime you are not making a cut . Oh , and the brake does n't even hold after you 've used the saw for a few months . Do n't waste your money . Go buy a Stihl MS250 . I use one on a daily basis at work . I 'm also on an Emergency Road Clearing Crew . We have 3 Stihls ...
 When I first purchased this saw I thought it was a great saw . It was good for a few small trees . Was a bit hard to start but I did not have much experience with chainsaws so it seemed like a good saw . If you are a once a year trimmer for fallen trees this saw will work OK but if you have WOOD to cut for heating I would advise not buying this saw.Last year I tried to cut some 18 + logs with it and it took for ever to cut the logs . I had to cut about 4 cords and it took a long time to cut stuff up . I barrowed a friends saw and it made this wildthing look like a toy . His saw convinced me to buy a real saw.The key is dealer support . If you have a problem with the saw who will fix it ? If you get it on line you can not just take it in and have it fixed.There are some great makers out there and if you buy from them you will get a real nice saw for maybe $ 100 bucks more than a wildthing but you get dealer support . This wildthing is a throw away saw so when it breaks chances are it is not worth the money to fix it . The best way to find a realy nice saw is to get onto some of the logger sites and follow their advice because they use them everyday and can match you with saw that will meet your needs . I am very happy with my new saw based soly on their recomendations.That being said here is my review of the wildthing . Great cheap saw for trimming once for twice a year . So what is the difference between this saw and a saw meant for cutting firewood . The wildthing has a very small chain with very small cutters . This makes the saw very safe for the first time user but the teeth only can remove small pieces of wood . That is why it takes so long to cut . The bar is too long for the power of the saw . I thought they would not have a long bar unless it had the power to pull the chain . There trick is putting on a chain that has very small teeth . It is sometimes very difficult to start . If it was warm and sat for more than 10 min . it would simply not start . This saw vibrates the crap out of you . When I would finish cutting my hands would tingle . Real saws have springs that seperate the motor from the handles . My new saw has the vibration of a leaf blower which is very smooth . My oiler started leaking very badly and at that point I was ready for a real saw .
 Well , you get what you pay for . And if you pay for this Poulan `` Wild Thing '' you are buying frustration and little else . This saw cuts well ... when you can start it and keep it running . Just do n't try to restart it when it is warm . You have to wait a couple hours until it cools down completely . The choke wo n't stay in place . The idle screw does not hold - I have to continuously adjust the idle . The chain/bar oil plug vibrated loose . I lost the plug , oil spilled all over my pants leg and boot . The replacement plug I ordered from Poulan cost a fortune . The fuel tank only holds enough gasoline for , at most , 15 minutes of cutting -LRB- if you can get the saw started in the first place -RRB- and then you have to wait a couple hours until the engine completely cools before you can restart it . Do n't buy this product . Shame on Poulan for marketing such junk . And they call it the Poulan `` Easy Start '' chainsaw !
 This piece of junk would NEVER idle - had to be constantly restarted . Leaked oil all the time . Broke the SECOND time I used it . It 's a $ 150 paperweight . Called the local Poulan authorized service center - they said that they were not currently repairing Poulan , because they seem to have trouble getting paid by Poulan . They also said that they are all made the same way - J-U-N-K . Never again .
 All of us have experienced the old adage `` you get what you pay for . '' Unfortunately , I keep deceiving myself into thinking that `` this time will be different . `` Wrong ... again.Why I expected a $ 150 chainsaw to be sufficient for my general yard-work needs is just another demonstration of my own idiocy.I 've had the 18 '' `` Wild Thing '' for roughly a year now , and have `` used '' it many times to fell trees , cut up fallen trees and branches , and take off some larger branches as well . If your needs are very modest -- like cutting off 3-inch branches or felling very small trees , then the `` Wild Thing '' might service you satisfactorily . Starting the saw can be hit-or-miss . About half the time it starts quickly -- from around 10-15 pulls for cold-starting with choking , where the other half of the time becomes a battle between the saw and your personal stamina -LRB- the saw usually wins -RRB- . Power is very anemic . I tried it out on an 18-inch tree and some larger fallen branches and it is very easily over-matched . I went through three chains this weekend , not because they were dull but because they keep falling off , and yes they 're installed and tensioned correctly . The bar height is simply too small/thin . It had an impossible time cutting up a medium-size pine in my yard that had succumbed to high winds.Solution ? I went and purchased a Husqvarna 455 Rancher , and after 30 minutes the difference is painfully clear . It went through the 24-inch stump like the proverbial hot knife through butter . It 's three times the price , but I get the feeling that the 455 will be my last chainsaw for quite a while.So , for VERY minor tasks , if you can get it started , the cheap , plastic `` Wild Thing '' might function satisfactorily . However , since you just never know what you will ask of it , I ca n't recommend it . Do n't cheap out -- skip the cheap consumer Poulans and get a Husqvarna , Echo , or Stihl . You 'll immediately realize you made the right decision .
 I have to agree with most of the other reviews here . This has to be the worse saw on the market . I did n't get an entire tank of gas through this saw before it stopped working . Started fine and ran great but the chain just stopped turning . I 'm not sure if the chain brake broke or what happened , it went back the next day . I bit the bullet and bought a Husqvarna . On the good side the retailer gave me 10 % off the new saw for my troubles .
 I recently bought this from a local hardware store . Initially , I was very pleased with it . I had no problems with starting the saw and it felt good ergonomically . After using it a couple of times , I had plenty of problems with the chain coming off . I keep having to adjust the chain , put the chain back on , etc. . . This last weekend , I somehow jammed up the cylinder so the sprocket wo n't even turn . I ended up using a bow saw ; it took about the same time . Next time , I will spend the extra money for a good saw -LRB- Stihl , Husky , etc. -RRB- .
 Idles nicely , but is very hard to start when the engine is cold ! Needs to be primed multiple times between attempts . Very frustrating , especially in the fall abd winter when then engine cools back down even while refueling .
 Do n't waste your money on the Poulan Wild Thing . It wo n't idle well and has to be restarted constantly . Forget trying to use it off the ground on a ladder . It has to be started and restarted just like it has a cold engine each time . Believe me it is so complicated to start you will wish you had never purchased it . I only give this product a one because I ca n't go any lower and still write a review .
 The saw was priced at $ 139.00 . With supersaver shipping that would have been ok . But I messed up . I clicked on ` one-click ' . And hour or so later I realized that I had made a mistake . I checked and suddenly my cost was $ 158.00 due to shipping and handling . The saw was n't worth that and I could n't afford the $ 139 . Plus the saw is worth about $ 125.00 , and w/shipping and handling it would approach $ 139.00 . But since it got messed up , I tried to cancel , but no , too late they said . Balogna . Oh , this was on Saturday , and it was reported to be due here by Monday . Liars . It did n't even ship until Monday . It made me sick . I could have gone to walmart for $ 158.00 and been back in 20 minutes with the same saw . And it is HOT outside . It makes me mad . I may be done with Amazon dot com . If I had gone for the super saver shipping , it would have been open to cancelation for three days before they even pulled the order . Plus they said I would be charged for canceling , but that it would be refunded in two days . It had better.BTW , I already have one of these saws . It quit . And it is so low mileage that it is practically new . The fuel lines fell apart already , and the carb mount chipped , essentially allowing an air leak causing it to fail . But I decided to purchase one for back up anyway . And interchangable parts meant something to me too .
 I have had this chain saw for about a year and have had nothing but trouble with it . It is so difficult to just get it started that by the time it does start , I 'm ready for a break before I even cut anything . Even after it starts and is warmed up , it sometimes stops suddenly and is difficult to start again . Yes , I am following the directions . To make things worse , the pull rope sometimes gets stuck when you pull it out and wo n't retract so there you are , poking at the wheel with a screwdriver or stick so it will free itself and you can pull it again and watch it not start - good times . I have been so mad at this piece of junk that I have tossed it in the garbage twice on separate occasions only to get it out and not accept defeat . Now it 's personal ! It starts just long enough to get my hopes up before it stops again . I 've had periodic success for about an hour before but overall , I would rather get punched in the groin instead of trying to cut with this saw . Oh , and you need the tool just to open the gas cap because it 's so tight that all you do is curse and twist to no avail if you try by hand . At least they made it so you can remove the cap with the tool - good luck putting the cap back on because it is just as tight going on and the tool only works to remove it - Bravo Poulan engineers ! So , in conclusion , if you are super bad and laugh at pit bulls while they maul your genitalia , then you are just the right kind of person for this chain saw .
 Just look at the reviews ... 50 % are a 1 !! ** It is an obvious crap shoot if you buy this product . ** 50/50 chance of getting one with nothing but problems . even the reviews with 4 stars say things like the pull start jams . etc. . . The chain tensioner will need constant attention ! Even with constant attention the chain will occasionally pop off . The auto braking mechanism will cause you trouble , and they are pretty annoying to start and keep running .
 If you only need to cut two trees in the whole life of this saw , by all means , buy it . But if you may need to use it more , turn your nose up at it . This is the second one I 've had , because I thougt the first one was just a piece . They are mostly plastic , the chain oil tank is just a cavity between the two halves of the plastic body , prone to leak . The engine is ok , but the carbuerator is a cheap chinese made piece of junk -LRB- zama brand -RRB- that has to be rebuilt or adjusted with a special tool almost every time it is used . The caps for fuel and oil are course plastic threaded so after removing them a couple of times they rag out and need to be removed and put on with a pair of pliers , the magneto is held in with screws that go through plastic so they rag out ... Over all a good doorstop , horrible chainsaw .
 I bought this chainsaw at Home Depot in 2006 on a black Friday sale for $ 100 . After using it for ten minutes , the starter mechanism crapped out . Sometimes it helps to knock on it but most of the time I have to take that part apart to make it usable anymore . After about an hour of use the carburetor died . A plug inside the carb came out and it could not be fixed . I ordered a brand new carburetor for it but it still does not run . STAY AWAY from this tool !
 I had this saw for about two years and used it a total of about 30 minutes . I have used a lot of chainsaws -LRB- Stihl , Husky , Echo , Dolmar , and others -RRB- . This is the worst chainsaw I have ever had -- poor balance , erratic running , everything of very poor quality . Get something else . I just threw mine in the garbage .
 The pictures are not the actual flag ! The actual flag is horrible quality . Mine arrived dirty already when it was supposed to be new ! DO NOT ORDER THIS ONE !!!
 As everybody below this review has mentioned . I ordered 12 flags & the photos and description do NOT represent what was sent to me . I expected embroided flags and instead received printed ones . When I contacted customer service and asked them to send the ones that I ordered and was willing to keep the ones that they sent . I was insulted by them saying what do you expect for your money ? Great customer service ? I do n't think so !! What a joke ...
 The size of the flag is fine , but the quality is cheap . I thought the stars were stitched but they are not . The flag is thin and will not last very long .
 The flag received is not the flag from the majority of the pictures . There is a picture zoomed in to show a nicely stitched star , however the flag i received is a a thin flag with printed stars and stripes . The flag is still a good deal for less than $ 5 , but clearly not the flag that is shown in the pictures .
 Was very upset that the photos of the product shown sewn stars , but when we received it they were not at all . Very Very cheap
 it is true you get what you pay for ... this flag is made of really thin cheap material ... it only lasted about two weeks . I have since purchased a quality flag for $ 28 that came with a quality aluminum pole and mount . do n't waist your money on these unless it is a one time use
 this flag was very cheap for good reason . I asked an employee to puchase a new flag for in front of our store . they bought this based on the pic but were con cerned by the price -LRB- to low -RRB- . when it arrived I had to throw it away . thin nylon . not something you would display with any pride .
 I should have read more of the reviews , this seller shows pictures of the flags as sewn in stars , far from what I got , , these are cheap cheap and more cheap flags . I 'm not even going to get the seller the satisfaction of telling me this is what I paid for . I see the pictures he has and I see what I got , not even close . Please anyone buying from this selling stay away , stay far away.This seller knows what he is doing , they are scaming you into buying somthing cheap . Shame on Amzaon for not shutting this comapny down .
 Buy a flag made in the US . Why are we supporting China ? Would you be proud to fly the communist flags ?
 This flag was disappointing . It is thin and not of the unusual pattern pictured . I doubt if I will display it ; will probably donate it .
 I thought , what kind of flag can you get for only $ 5 , including shipping ? The answer is , not much of one . It 's printed on lightweight polyester and good for maybe one Fourth of July . On the other hand , if you need a very inexpensive flag for a one-time use , this is it . Like a lot of buyers , I thought Iwas getting a really super deal , and I was very disappointed by what I actually got - but I really should have known better . There is , after all , no such thing as a free lunch ; - -RRB-
 I ordered this flag to fly from my aircraft in Afghanistan so I could give it to my father as a gift for his 28 years of service to his country . I wanted a nice , polyester flag , with embroidered stars to fold and have framed for him . I got junk ! The only thing sewn on this flag are the edges . It is nylon , not polyester . You ca n't even fold it and make it look nice because the colors show through . Is this what American companies are proud to produce nowadays ?! If Amazon gave me the option I would not have even given this a one star rating .
 These are very poor quality flags ! The pictures they use to represent them are in no way pictures of the actual flags . I was very disappointed in them and even more disappointed in the way i was treated when i tried to return them -LRB- still trying -RRB- . The company was rude when they answered my e-mail , and the whole experience has left me questioning whether or not i will continue to do business on Amazon .
 These Flags are n't even worth $ 1.00 . They are very transparent , dirty , have ink stains and the color is already running . I would not purchase them as they do n't look anything like the pictures shown.Pam
 Very disappointed . The grommets pulled out after 4 days on my flag pole . The flag was taken down each evening and the weather was good , no heavy winds . The stitching around the flag is very loose and although I have restitched the grommets back on the flag , I would be surprised if I get two more weeks of life out of it . You get what you pay for . The images for the item are also not of the flag received . I would think that qualifies as false advertising .
 This flag is not what it appears in the photo very thin material it was not what i expected very disappointed.You can see threw this thing .
 I received the items fairly fast but I do not think the shipping was worth the price I paid . Truely dissappointed in the product to find out that everything is painted on made my decission easy not to use this flag but maybe as a wall hanging . I will not fly this flag on the pole . I now have to order another brand to ensure the quality is better than this .
 This flag is very thin and transparent . It will not last long in the wind . You can see right through the flag . I would send it back if it did n't cost as much to send it back as the flag cost . The only way this flag is useful is if it is hung on a wall then it would look good and last much longer . Do n't buy this flag if you want to fly it outside in the wind .
 The product was what they advertised but it was very thin . I was looking for something to display in a case and this is not the flag for that . Maybe to staple to a wall or something but not for much more
 American Flag Superknit Polyester 3ft x 5ft with Grommetsnot reel thing you ca n't use it for the outdoors I do n't like it
 I was very disappointed to find these were printed/painted on material flags . They would never hold up on my flagpole for even a short time .
 DECEIVED and would not recommend buying this product . They used FALSE ADVERTISEING to sell . The flag is cheap cheap cheap . The birds sing their song every morning . CHEAP ! CHEAP ! CHEAP ! I contacted seller and his reply was , `` these are the flags you paid 4 dollars for right ? return them . They are n't even worth my time sending back . They got what they wanted , money , but I wo n't buy ANYTHING from them again . EVER ... and if you are SMART you wo n't either.American Flag Superknit Polyester 3ft x 5ft with Grommets
 The American flag I bought was not at all what was represented . The description said that it had individually sewn together stripes and embroidered stars . All this was false . It was just printed on plastic , which has faded within the first two weeks after hanging , the red stripes are now pink and the blue is a faint blue at best . Very poor quality . I bought it through Amazon , from a third party seller .
 To all who order or think about ordering this product . If you look at the photos that the seller has posted for this product they ar false and misleading . I should have known better for the price . When I initially looked at this products photos , it depicts embroidered stars and sewn stripes . When I received the product , no such thing . It is nothing more that a cheep polyester flag that should n't be sold for more than 2 dollars . When I contacted the seller and questioned them on the photos , they simply replied , `` return them '' . My highest recommendation for the poorest seller I have dealt with on Amazon .
 The images shown looked like they were stiched , these are your norman cheap nylone flags that usually last a week on a flag plol .
 Very thin and Cheaply made . Paid what it was worth . I purchased a different flag for same $ and it was better quality from another vendor .
 I am totally disappointed with these flags , so I sent them back . The photos on the website show heavy duty grommets and embroidered stars . You can even zoom on the photos and see that the portion of the flag with the grommets is a high quality material . I received the flags and got a PRINTED flag , with CHEAP grommets , and poorly sewn material . This flag should be recommended as INDOOR only ... one good wind and this flag would not hold up . Totally disappointed and I think the website photos are a complete SCAM !!!! What a waste of time .
 what a SCAM , nothing else needs to be said about this cheap printed -LRB- not embroidered -RRB- flag ! this is just a cheap printed on flag , nothing more , nothing less . as a member of the Military i was ashamed when i saw these flags !
 The advertised pictures are nothing like what they sell you . I really wish I would have read the reviews before I bought this flag . I was expecting high quality with sewn stars and quality grommets . Instead I got a printed flag with cheap grommets and poor material . Do n't order this flag . It is a scam
 Who wants an AMERICAN flag made in China ? I sure as hell do n't !!! Take it back . Do n't buy this flag !
 Product is low quality and does not match the pictures shown . It is paper thin and see-through . I am very upset with my order and am still working on getting it returned . Do not buy if you are looking for a decent flag . This is a disgrace to the American Flag .
 I was not impressed when this delivery showed up . I looked at the pictures and they clearly show a different product that is all nylon with stiched stars . When i purchased the product i did not read the description closely and focused more on the pictures . BIG MISTAKE ! The description is the product I got but the pictures are FALSE ADVERTISING ! I will never purchase another product from this dishonest company again .
 Be AWARE , all information 's about product - USA Flag - quality which you find here are SCAM , you receive cheap Polyester flag . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002Q2JNS/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00As you see seller advertise in photos and text description completely different product : List Price
 from the pictures i believed i was getting a decent quality sewn flag turns out its a cheap thin printed flag very disappointed
 its polyester . price was great . color fades fairly quickly-in about 2-3 months of outside usage.not made in the USA ...
 very disappointedfirst week hanging on my front porch split down the middlenot worth the money and NOTTTT worth the valuewill not buy from this seller again .
 I love that
 I bought two of these to use as a complete table . The instructions were easy to follow and it was n't very difficult to assemble . As a bench , the product is sturdy and comfortable . As a table , or half a table , the product is unsatisfactory . There is no way to lock the table top in the upright postition so that it does not wobble . The plastic parts seem to flex and even a wodden wedge does not allow the top to be made solid and stable .
 They drilled the holes in the wrong place . The locking mechanism would n't . work . It took a long time to reengineer it .
 I love that
 I bought two of these to use as a complete table . The instructions were easy to follow and it was n't very difficult to assemble . As a bench , the product is sturdy and comfortable . As a table , or half a table , the product is unsatisfactory . There is no way to lock the table top in the upright postition so that it does not wobble . The plastic parts seem to flex and even a wodden wedge does not allow the top to be made solid and stable .
 They drilled the holes in the wrong place . The locking mechanism would n't . work . It took a long time to reengineer it .
 I love the design , but the product is so thin I was embarrassed to give it to my mom . A shame they did n't up the quality .
 I ordered the Bench Ends on 27 April 08 and still have not received them and it 's now 2 July 08 , and there is no one to contact about the order . I would like to give this a review but ca n't if they will not ship them !
 it 's hard for me to believe that this thing garnered so many good reviews . i read the reviews and purchased one the other day at lowe 's because i had a $ 10 off coupon . when i took it back two days later for a faulty switch and other electronic problems , the lowe 's employee said she was n't surprised . she said it is rare when one is NOT returned . they have repeatedly asked the company not to stock them anymore but so far the pleas have fallen on deaf ears.i usually do n't review a product unless i 've purchased it on amazon but since i based my purchase on the feedback here , i had to comment.my husband said , `` it 's a total piece of plastic junk '' .
 I used it two times , and it was good but the third try it was dead -LRB- within 2 week period -RRB- . Sent it back back for replacement from poulan - 2 months still waiting .
 The saw would not pump oil . It was worked on 3 times before it decided to pump .
 I bought this for a temperate area of Florida . It arrived OK , and seemed to do well until winter rolled around . We had a 34 * night and it died immediately . So beware of planting this in any area where temperature go to 34 * .
 I had about an 8 ' straight run to put a bench in , so used four brackets . Is was fairly quick -LRB- about 2-2 .5 hours , I have a power miter saw -RRB- , and instructions were clear . Once installed , there was too much `` wobble '' in the bench - front-to-back , not side-to-side . Luckily , I had posts on the end I could brace it to , so the end result is fine , if you do n't have something to brace the ends to , I 'd think twice . Lastly , the bench itself is not that comfortable -LRB- I find the seat too shallow -RRB- . Also , the hardware is not the highest quality , and I anticipate it will rust rather quickly -LRB- I used stainless steel deck screws to fasten the back and lower front rails -RRB- . Lastly , pay extra close attention to the washers you use - very similar OD , with a different ID made me redo about 5 screws -LRB- my fault , I know -RRB- . I am and advanced DIYer -LRB- I built the 450 sqft three level deck the bench was for -RRB- .
 Ordered 15 of these instock items on March 30 using Amazon Prime to speed delivery . Received 4 by March 15 . Balance in shipping process for 5 weeks.checked payment info OK.Delivery date moves further and further . Amazon wo n't let me cancel but stuck with an indefinite wait and deck is ready to install . Since it 's not shipped after 5 weeks , why not let me cancel and try again or elsewhere ? Bought shoes on same ccard at Amazon in interim - OK
 Out of all the things I have purchased on Amazon this by far was the slowest to arrive . RIDICULOUSLY SLOW
 I have used it by keeping it plugged in all the time 24/7 and after over a month it has failed to catch even one fly . It is located in my kitchen where I kill a dozen flys each day with an old fashioned hand held flyswatter . So there are flys to be killed . I have a spider that lives at a corner of one kitchen window . He -LRB- I guess a male as there is no web built -RRB- He sits there and when a fly lands on the window he runs up and eats it . I ca n't recommend this `` Fly Killer '' product , but I would like to have more of these spiders . I counted more than 20 ` fly remains ' at his corner today.The device has killed maybe a dozen small -LRB- moth like -RRB- insects and perhaps 20 gnats . But no flys and it 's the flys that are the real pesky insects . I might try baiting the trap with a fly bait . It 's a glue trap , so I am confident that if they enter they will be trapped . So I will try to lure them in . If I find what works , I 'll pass it on to the manufacturer as a hint .
 The little metal bracket to hold the flag is FAR too cheap . If my son swings his leg over and snags the flag then the bracket bends . Typical Chinese construction which is just enough to sell an item but not really use it . It will not last .
 Product was not as described . It did not have directions or complete hardware . I am returning and searching for a better one .
 it was too stiff and did n't mold to the bulb - so was no help at all . Would not buy it again
 Absolutely a waste of money busted first bulb i tried to take out . Will not hold on any type of bulb , another piece from China
 I could n't get these attachments to work properly . I had to go out and buy a bulb grabber . For me , I 'll never use these again , they are in the trash . I put the large one on my pole to change the light bulbs in my 16 ' ceiling . The cup did n't stay attached to the bulb , the bulb fell and I was cleaning up glass for the next twenty minutes . One the second one I pushed too hard and ended up breaking the bulb . It just did n't work for me .
 I used the long pole from same compnay -LRB- purchased separately , locally -RRB- . None of the 3 suction cups that come with the unit work on flood lamps with the type of corrugated surface that diffuses the light downward.If you do get it to work , you can pretty much count on a bulb coming down on you ... so be ready to catch it !
 I screwed this onto the handle of our broom - and thought - hey awesome ! i just saved $ 20 by not having to buy the mr longarm pole . I did manage to change a flood light and a standard bulb from our vaulted ceiling 's recessed lighting . HOWEVER - when you do finally get the suction cups to stick onto the bulb - the act of turning the stick - to turn the bulb out of the socket - can also break the suction - leading to bulbs dropping out of the ceiling . -LRB- thank god i had the shower door closed - otherwise i would have been picking glass shards out of my shins -RRB- i guess I could take a lamp shade frame and secure a net or pillowcase - then attach it to the base of the suction cup - to catch the bulbs next time ... or possibly put a glue dot in the suction cup for taking the burned out bulb down ... i gave this product 1 star because that 's the minimum , and an extra star because i did change a few light bulbs with it .
 The suction cups do not engage the bulb . If you can balance a bulb on a small cup on the end of a 4 foot pole , this might be useful . I unscrewed the bulb and then dropped the bulb on the carpeted floor . Fortunately the mercury containing bulb did not break . This item is made in China .
 So I bought this item from a local homedepot store and let me tell you , it was the worst cheap purchase ever . When filling it I 've noticed it had a small hole from the top which it started leaking . Once I turned it and hung it on my balcony , it only took 10 seconds to make a huge mess everywhere . I will be return this and buying a proper hummingbird feeder of amazon .
 If you try to refill it and there is some left in the bottom it gets all over . The refill from the bottom idea was not a good one . It never looks completely full . Once you fill it for the first time and turn it right-side-up you will never be able to turn it upside down to refill without making a mess and getting red dye all over your fingers . There will always be some nectar left in the bottom that the birds ca n't suck out and it will run out of the little holes once you turn it upside down again .
 Maybe our hummers in Calif. are different from other areas , but here they are to the death `` This is my territory '' . I liked the look of this feeder but was very disappointed when it arrived . It is so large there is no way I can use it .
 I bought these , along with a humane trap , when I discovered that I had mice in my shed as I would never harm them . Unfortunately they seem to have no effect on the mice whatsoever . The device is turned on in the shed but the mice still come in . I have even placed my humane trap right in front of the repeller but the mice still come up to the trap and enter it . And this is not the same mouse returning , these are different mice of varying colours and sizes so that pretty much explains it really . It 's always debatable whether these sonic devices work or not , some people say they do and some people say they do n't . Obviously I ca n't comment on other makes but these particular ones do n't work . If you are thinking of purchasing a sonic repellent I would look at getting one that has many reviewers saying that it has worked for them . And maybe consider purchasing a humane trap as well . For me , I would never harm one of these lovely little creatures and with a little thought and consideration it is definitely possible to move these without harming them .
 Have used the repeller for 3 weeks . So far have noticed maybe a slight decrease in mouse activity , but they are definitely still there . Will update after a month . Am disappointed , but will persevere .
 These do nothing . I am guessing that the people finding them effective are either also using other pest control methods which have gotten rid of the mice , have simply been lucky , or still have mice but just have n't seen them again . I purchased two and installed one in a small crawl space that seems to be the gateway for the mice getting into the house . No effect . I also installed one in my bedroom after seeing a mouse in there . The next night I saw the darn mouse sitting directly in front of the outlet it was plugged into !!! Also , it 's not clear from the product description on Amazon that these have to be installed in an open space - i.e. , if you are having problems with a mouse in a kitchen cabinet , simply installing one in the kitchen wo n't work , it would need to be inside the cupboard , where most people do n't have outlets . The product description just says it protects a single room , up to 500 square feet . Of course , they do n't work even when used as directed , so it really does n't matter .
 i put 3 units out 1 in my kitchen , 1 in my livingroom , and 1 in my bedroom . 1 week later , well i guess california mice have ear plugs
 I have a tomato garden in my backyard . The tomatoes are eaten or damaged by rats that are about 5 to 6 inches long . I used Victor rat trap without any catches even though the trap was set off . Hence , I bought this device and another kind of rat trap from Amazon . Using long power cord extensions , I turned on and placed this device within 3 feet directly in front of the new rat trap and the old Victor trap baited with cheese . However , the traps were set off and cheese was eaten as usual . Obviously , this device does not bother the rats at all . Thus , I 've to return it .
 I keep an immaculate house , and 8 weeks after buying this product I still have a mice problem . The product is ridiculously overpriced , paying the same amount for shipping as the cost for each individual unit . Is this even legal !?? I certainly would n't have cared if the product worked , but the LENTEK INTERNATIONAL ULTRASONIC PEST PATROL PR30C simply does not do what the manufacturer claims !
 I did n't want to give this product 1 star because I figured that someone works hard building these units everyday and they deserve respect . Maybe , I some how got a defective one . The latch that is supposed to keep the bagger attached to the sweeper unit will not stay attached . Especially , as it starts to fill up with leaves . Everytime it filled up , the bagger would detach making the unit useless . I got so frustrated that I just detached the entire thing and threw it behind my shed . I put my regular grass catcher bagger on my tractor and ended up just cutting the grass and sucking up the leaves that way . This purchase seemed like a good idea but clearly was n't a good idea .
 Only came with 1 bag of 5 stakes . Not 32 bags of 5 stakes . Complete rip off . They did refund my purchase though after phone calls and headaches . Best deal I found was at my Local Hardware store . Box of 15 Jobe 's Evergreen stakes for $ 6.49
 One flower did not work straight out of the box , and another died within a week . $ 15.00 is a lot to pay for 1 flower .
 Do not buy this product . Of the three flowers I received , one did not work out of the box and a second flower stopped working with two days . This product is a waste of money !
 Partially my bad , but no where does it say in the product description how many lights come in the package . The picture shows 9 lights . The package contains 3 lights , I was expecting more . Of the 3 lights , the green colored light is very dark , the light hardly shows thru the plastic -LRB- I bought 2 sets , both green ones are like this -RRB- and the picture shows this if you look hard . In my opinion , a bit over priced . Shipping was as offered .
 TWICE I was very frustrated when I received this product . It had a written title of `` Strathwood Outdoor Pillow , Tropical Floral '' . The picture was of a cushion for a lounger and had a further description with dimensions for a lounger . I was a little surprised , yet pleased , when comparing this product with others at Amazon.com , that the price was so low -LRB- $ 19.99 -RRB- and with the title of a `` pillow '' . And , sure enough , I received a square pillow - for a person 's head ! I e-mailed Customer Service , told them of the mistake and asked for the item that was advertised . And the SECOND time I received the SAME pillow again . Again I wrote Customer Service , essentially complaining that it looked like the left hand did n't know what the right hand was doing . Their answer was just to credit my account ! I e-mailed back and told them I felt that was n't good enough , and that especially considering my previous purchases over the past many years , they should send me a cushion for a lounger as I had originally requested for the same cost . I gave them the item # & description of another Strathwood lounger cushion that would fit my lounger -LRB- it was quite a bit more expensive - ~ $ 50 -RRB- and , bless their hearts , they agreed and I now have a very comfortable cushion ! It took a lot of wrangling and time , but Amazon.com finally made it right .
 At first glance , this candle has a lot going for it . In particular , it is interesting looking and self-extinguishing . It is , however , also cumbersome to use and messy . The coil is less pliable than it needs to be for ease of use while candle drippings coat the coiled candle and/or fall to the ground for a messy clean-up task . I have not used it enough to know whether it is as effective as other citronella candles but suspect that its modest size may limit its effectiveness .
 This item was described as Product Features * Pack of 12 When received only 1 received not a pack of 12 . . Very dissatified.Product description is very misleading . If I could rate this azero I would .
 As any one knows palms need magnesium and These fertilizer sticks have none they are basically just for normal house plants .
 Again . . This doesent work-I do n't know how much fertilier is in each spike-I perfer the regular fertilizer to prevent waste and for measuring .
 I bought this chlorinator from my local Pinch a Penny 4 years ago . I chose this model because of the simple installation . There is no cutting of the pool line , just drill a few holes and go.The problem is the unit parts are extremely cheaply made and do not hold up against the chlorine . There are 2 valves on the unit , the one pictured controls the outflow of chlorine . There is another valve on the bottom of the unit that is water inflow with a small ball check valve inside to keep chlorine from back flowing into your pump etc.These valves break almost annually . The check valve gets clogged with sentiment from chlorine and the unit does n't work . The lines in and out to the pool are cheap plastic , become brittle , break at the slightest touch and need to be replaced . The valve plastic is cheap , the nobs break off , on and on.All of this would be simply inconvenience and a little work annually except for one thing . The replacement parts kit for this thing , which ca n't cost Pentair 5 bucks in China is 25 bucks , a third of the cost of the unit.So , factor in the annual cost , the extra work , the green pool when the check valve freezes and you do n't know it and , the water mess when the cheap plastic supply line breaks and leaks , it all adds up to a very expensive headache for something that is suppose to make pool ownership easier.I finally chucked this thing in the trash when the bottom valve broke off into the threads when I was trying to clean and re-install it . For $ 33.87 bought the Hydro inline chlorinator . These inline units require little to no maintenance and have no parts to replace except the lid o ring . The thing works awesome and was not all that difficult to install . Ace Hardware or Homedepot can set you up with everything you need . Just bring the unit in an show them.I would check out inline units first , with the Pentair offline being a last resort for pools where an inline simply can not be installed.Also have to send a little kudos to Pinch A Penny . The guy basically told me not to buy this thing . He said `` you know no one installs these types of units anymore . '' But I went with easy over quality , and paid a lot more , in money and aggravation .
 we bought this last year with the replacement cartridges from home depot , we tried this from May-September with no luck , looks nice but no matter where we placed it in our 1/2 acre yard , the pouch was always empty . we 'll try again this year since we still have cartridges left but to us it 's a complete waste of the $ 99.00 plus extra cartridges that we spent .
 This product absolutley does not work at all . I placed the unit as recommended in an area where mosquitos were in my yard . The mosquitos were visible in the area . After running the unit 3 days - non stop - there were not any mosquitos in the catch net.The company was fair and took the product back with a full refund . But the product did not work as advertised.Mosquitos will be happy if home owners purchase this unit - but the home owners should beware!Lentek MK-05 `` Champion '' Mosquito Repeller REDUCED $ 50
 They are extremely thin canvas sheaths that look like they used about $ .25 worth of material to make . the machetes will actually start slicing through the sheath after just a few uses . i 'm highly disappointed in the seymour brand and will never buy from them again .
 We own a Bully electric mower . The first one we owned stopped working because the relay switch was faulty . The second one we owned worked for the first season , but has since failed on us because the engine wo n't turn over even when the battery is charged . We have not received any customer service response and help for this problem , so I have to give a very low review .
 Item arrived with as broken grass catcher . Amazon said to send it back as it was no longer available . Called manufacturer and they sent me a new grass catcher . For a very SMALL lawn area this mower will do the job . Cut clean and is easy to handle . Attaching the grass catcher to the mower will stress every sense you have . Finally wired it on . Poor design . The area I have to mow is only 300 sq.ft . so I will make do but for the cost it should be a much better built item .
 I had the exact same experience as the previous reviewer . My Bully mower worked fine at first , but the cutting time kept getting shorter and shorter . Finally , it just stopped working , even though the battery was fully charged . Customer Service is TERRIBLE ... you 're on your own with a bogus mower . Stay away from this brand .
 This came with the wrong bar.Once corrected -LRB- by Solo -RRB- i finally tried it - started very hard . Once it started it would not keep running . I finally returned it and bought a Stihl locally , like I should have in the first pace . Its great .
 this unit is plastic dont buy it it is false advertising the header says metal hudson unit pump and i could not get my money back
 The American Lawn reel mower is uni-directional , push only . You ca n't pull the mower along behind you , and you ca n't pull it towards you . This makes cross-hatch mowing near impossible and even simple straight line mowing considerably harder than it needs to be . The blade height is non-adjustable , the blades jam on the smallest of twigs , and the cheap grips slide along the handle bars requiring constant readjustment . One reviewer mentioned this mower was a car stopper . Yes , indeed it is . People will stop and wonder what on earth possessed you to buy such a horrible mower .
 This `` Push Reel Lawn Mower '' does not cut lawns made of grass . I have n't found anything it cuts except my fingers when trying to adjust the blades . I have tried every height and blade adjustments possible . Everything I can think of to get this bad -LRB- and I mean this literally -RRB- boy to work . I can cut my very small lawn better with a pair of dull sissors than use this mower . By the way , I have bermuda and rye combination lawn if that makes any difference . If anyone has any ideas on how to get this `` lawn mower '' to work , I would appreciate it . Until then , it sits in my backyard , teasing me as I cut my lawn with a weed wacker .
 Product did not work . In fact , it was just sliding over the grass in my lawn . Would definitely return it .
 I purchased two floating dispensers ... the FROG & the GATOR ... the gator is just fine but the FROG IS HORRIBLE , does NOT HOLD well in the water.I am sorry for the money spent for this junk !!!!
 This item claims it works on CFLs , floodlight bulbs , and regular incandescent bulbs . I used it according to the skimpy directions , and very gently , too , and it broke the first bulb I tried to change and would not budge the next bulb . Worthless .
 I received the item and it was not the item described on the web site.I ordered the maul because it was described -LRB- in print and also pictured -RRB- as having over strike protection.When it came it did not have this protection.I called you costumer service and I stated my problem to a foreign person that I could hardlyunderstand.He stated that I could return it but would have to pay for the shipping , which I think is ridiculous , being that theitem was not as described.I am very unhappy with the false advertisement.I should at least get a partial refund.I could have purchased the same item locally and not payed the shipping .
 I bought two of these . Both broke in less than a year . Hydro Industries -LRB- No-Crank -RRB- web site provides instructions for ordering replacement parts but no parts ever arrive . Regular mail is returned as `` undeliverable '' . There is no phone or email address to contact customer service . Find another option from other company .
 I owned three of these units beginning with the first one about 5-6 years ago . Thought it was a great idea . Got hooked on the idea and loved it . One major draw back . These units are cheaply built and do not last very long . And they are pricey!Broke 3 units ... and none were repairable . Customer service acted as if it were my fault and basically did not offer a solution to repair or replace . Buyer beware!I can not recommend this autowinding unit . Its not the smoothest mechical operation and my wife hates having to wrestle with the hose to unwind it for use . Admittedly , not a well built unit.Just not worth the price ...
 The retractable hoses are great if you are very careful and gentle . I had three and they gears began to strip after about six months . All three are useless within a year . I used them about once every few weeks .
 What they do n't tell you is that this unit wastes 12 gallons of water from a drainage hose when it is rewinding . You will not find out this fact until you read the instructions for setting it up . The instructions also say you can catch the water in a container for watering your plants . I wanted to water my plants with a HOSE , not haul water from a container .
 I 've owned this product for about two years . It has seen no winters and has generally been used about once a day during summer months . I have 100 ' of medium grade hose installed.Initially the unit worked very well - it fully retracted all the hose and I made sure never to let it bind up at the end . This summer the unit started slipping and pulsing . After disassembling it , I noticed that not only was the large plastic -LRB- very poorly made -RRB- sun gear cracked , but the unit leaks internally . It is now completely useless.For $ 85.00 I thought I would get a few years out of it . All the good reviews in here are in for a shock when their units start failing -LRB- which they will -RRB- . If your a fan of nature , you might be impressed by this units ability to safely house a number of different interesting insects .
 I see many of the reviews on this item are high and are fairly current . I suspect that many of these same reviewers would come back in about 1 year and change their rating downward.I too was impressed with this unit . . a birthday gift for my wife . I guess it is a good thing her birthday comes around once a year because that is as long as this things seems to last.It no longer will rewind unless I manually turn the big reel . Stay away from this unit . . It is cheaply made .
 I 've had two for about two years . Had problems from the get-go . One quit winding early fall without manual help . The other broke a gear tooth after a month and barely works . Think I will take them out for target practice with my 12ga . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!
 I purchased this product and almost immediately had problems . The hose would not stay on track and required that I open the top lid and pull it out . Then the handle to shift between rolling up the hose and allowing the hose to be taken out broke.I contacted the company on two occasions and never received a response . Never have I written a product review on line but this product is so unabashedly worthless that I have felt compelled to share my experience . Run , do n't walk .
 This item seemed incredibly wonderful at the outset . However during its second season it started being difficult to pull out . There were lots of tugging thumping noises . After that started , it would not rewind without my opening the unit and hand rolling the 100 foot no kink hose all the way inside . I would not recommend this to anyone considering the cost of purchase and the short lifetime of use .
 Purchased one year ago at Home Depot for $ 89.99 . It worked well for about 6 months then gradually got more and more difficult to unspool the hose . After about 9 months , unspooling became impossible -LRB- required two people to yank on the hose and one person to sit on the base to keep it from moving -RRB- and rewinding slow and weak . I will never buy another suncast product again . Expensive junk .
 I bought two No-Cranks , although different models , one has a swivel base , the other fixed . Pretty sure the internals are the same . 1st works great , the 2nd , poor . Squeaks and binds , particularly difficult to unwind.Unfortunately I thought the hose was the problem , and did n't return it . I disassembled it , suprised at the number of internal parts . Found nothing wrong , probably just poorly designed , or maybe the manufacturing tolerances . So I 'm batting .500 , and wondering if it 's worth a few bucks to buy another .
 This item delivers as promised with few minor glitches . My units have both leaked a bit , and the initial connection is somewhat difficult . Yes the hose is neatly re-wound , but both of my carefully stored units do not work well this year . They both require assistance to rewind , yes you must open the lid and assist with a tug on the wheel every one to two turns . That is not to much fun especially if the sharp edges on the wheel cut your fingers . Anyway if you check with the manufacturer , even though their phone states they are closed during their stated business hours you can leave a e-mail message and order parts -LRB- if you know what you need -RRB- on their website at www.no-crank.com.Good Luck !
 I bought 2 of these 3 years ago . The first year it worked great . Last year the units had problems rewinding . This year 1 unit will not rewind at all and I had to take the other unit apart to get the hose off it was so tangled . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 It does work , but that is about as good as it gets . The quality of the materials used is quite low . I found that you sometimes have to pull pretty hard to unwind the hose which can be annoying . The worse problem is that I had this product for about 2 months and it already has a serious internal leak . These were summer months -LRB- no freeze occurred -RRB- . My next step is to just throw it away and start over with a better product .
 This unit does work well . The overall design and concept is sound , but there are a few issues :1 . Unit does have to be fully secured to the ground because you do need to pull hard to unravel the hose initially .2 . If the hose if fully unraveled , make sure you dont water near the unit so that the water the discharge hose spews out can be used to water nearby . If you have 100 ' of hose , the discharge hose will spew water for about 5 minutes until the hose if fully retracted .3 . And finally , the main reason this unit gets only a two star
 Ok , We thought we had finally found the solution to reeling in the hose ! We bought one , tried it , loved it , and bought 3 more ! Alas , a lack ! The lever to flip broke after just one summer 's use . This is the essential lever to rewind . We mailed the company a check for the replacement part . The check was never cashed , and the company never responded . We cannibalized one of the more infrequently used ones . After a few months , that lever also broke.Now we are researching hose reels that work , are not much hassle , and that are built with quality materials . Maybe you could buy this hose reel if you plan to use it just once or twice a year . Might last you a bit then . :p Me , I feel robbed .
 Purchased the No Crank Hose Reel -LRB- model called `` Crate '' -RRB- at the local Lowe 's in the summer of 2007 , along with a suitable length of new hose and for the first year it worked great , performing as advertised.After one year of service , the No Crank Hose Reel ceased pulling the hose back on the reel , and I had to open the top and slowly push the reel to assist in the mechanism rewinding the hose . Most embarrassing as the neighbors observe all goings on in the garden , and I had previously recommended this item to several neighbors and friends.After about 4 months of inferior performance , I disassembled the unit and discovered that the O-rings that are an integral part of the valve mechanism are torn . That 's a faulty design of the product , and I can not get the unit to work unless the O-rings seal tightly against the valve housing , but due to the way the unit is engineered the O-rings tear against the edge of the valve ports every time the `` rewind '' mechanism is engaged.I went online and contacted the company about this problem and was gratified to find that they will ship replacement parts for free , just add a check or money order for $ 5.00 to cover shipping . That order and check left here on November 1 , 2008 , and the company cashed my check one week later . Now it 's the end of the year , almost two whole months after ordering the replacement parts to make this defective device work as it should , but I am still waiting for ANY contact from the company , or for the replacement part to arrive.I can not recommend this brand based upon the short duration of satisfactory service and the non-responsive product service follow-up shown by No-Crank Hose Reels.Maybe I can sell this defective product at a garage sale and get at least a few dollars back ... This No Crank Hose Reel has represented nothing but frustration to me since it 's stopped working .
 This bench was not what we expected and is now sitting on our deck . Turns over too easily -LRB- and we have had a couple of bumped heads -RRB- so people really do n't like to sit on it ... . I do not recommend this product .
 Not up to Stannard 's usual standards of excellence in sounds . The tubes are solid - not hollow . They produce a tinkling , tinny , unpleasant sound -LRB- my opinion -RRB- . As they are small , they chime most of the time , on the slightest air currant . Rather unnerving . This chime is , however , very pretty . Small size , shiny bronze tubes , pretty green woods and very nice feather engraving . That is why I gave it 2 stars . For appearance , rather than for any melodious sound .
 I bought this feeder so that the goldfinches could enjoy their nyjer seed without making a mess all over the front porch . However , they have not touched it since I set it up . It 's been three weeks and the feeder is still as full as when I hung it . I think they are afraid to fly in between the bars . I spent $ 40 on a feeder that is useless . I would send it back but I threw out box .
 Not up to Stannard 's usual standards of excellence in sounds . The tubes are solid - not hollow . They produce a tinkling , tinny , unpleasant sound -LRB- my opinion -RRB- . As they are small , they chime most of the time , on the slightest air currant . Rather unnerving . This chime is , however , very pretty . Small size , shiny bronze tubes , pretty green woods and very nice feather engraving . That is why I gave it 2 stars . For appearance , rather than for any melodious sound .
 the lead-in on this advertised product
 This is the third valve in six years . Always replace the o rings after about a year or two . Can only get a year out of the valve after that . Clean the valve out every six months and lube with waterproof silicone for the longest life .
 Espoma 's compost starter is still displayed and sold prominently on MANY online sites as a 4 pound bag called `` Bio-Excelerator '' . However , the manufacturer stopped producing and shipping this size months ago . The product has been downsized to a 3.5 pound bag and it 's name has been changed from `` Bio-Excelerator '' to `` Compost Starter '' . In the case of my order , even though I ordered the 4 lb . `` Bio-Excelerator '' , what was actually shipped was the 3.5 lb `` Compost Starter '' . Although Espoma tells me that there may be remaining inventory of the 4 lb bags out there , I suspect that since the product itself has n't changed , that many vendors are just shipping the new 3.5 lb bags but have not updated their Amazon pages to reflect the name/size change .
 Why ca n't anyone make a shovel that lasts?Why ca n't anyone make a shovel that does n't loosen up so that the snow/ice starts sliding off the sides?This shovel is average , at best ... this year in the NE we 've been pounded by snow ... I have two different model Arctic Blasts ... both are falling apart ... screws loosening , etc. . . I 'd love to get a shovel , regardless of the price , that would last more than one or two big snows ...
 After -LRB- during -RRB- one use , the plastic handle pulled away from the wood pole and started rotating around when I tried to pick up heavy , wet snow . All that they needed to do was secure the plastic handle with a longer bolt , so that this would n't -LRB- could n't -RRB- happen . Anyway , it went back , the snow is now melted , and I 'll buy another snow shovel locally when they go on sale here at the end of winter .
 Zero stars so far.We bought the grill expecting it to be effortlessly shipped to our door . No luck . A full week after paying for the grill -LRB- and of course being charged -RRB- we got a call from `` Global Logistics '' whatever that is - some type of middleman delivery service I assume.Regardless one of us has to work from home to take delivery of the grill that we ordered . A whole day home to get the grill , as if it were the cable installation people or something . I will never order another big-ticket item from Amazon again - and recommend highly against buying this particular item if you live in the greater Boston area . We should have just gone to a store and grabbed the grill . Very unsatisfied with this experience on Amazon.com / Global Logistics .
 Very disappointed . I bought it by the end of June and plugged it in the planter . Next day I started to see leaves got burned and dropped . The 3rd day bulbs dropped too . I had to shovel it out , and the plant is still dying .
 The handle on the bag is poorly made . . Can we get another handle ? The bag seems to be made pretty good ... just the straps on the bag popped off when my husband was carrying it .
 I ordered the arkansas razorbacks gym bag and it WASNT what i ordered ! I got the bag and it is completely differnt then the picture . It only had the razorback logo on it and all red . Razorbacks was not above the logo its not anywhere on the bag and it do not have the black on the sides . It just a big red bag with a red pig on the front . It sucks . If i wanted something like that then i would have gotten it cheaper at kmart or walmart .
 Had this bag for four months and it 's already got a sizable tear in it - the design is great , but the material ca n't handle day to day use .
 Within 2 months of using this as a gym bag , it tore at the seams in 2 different places , and 2 of the rubber zipper handles broke . Good looking bag , but low quality .
 Product showed up damaged , but the company was impossible to get a hold of to set up a return . Phone call and email fell on deaf ears .
 When it came out of the box , it was working fine but when I held it up to the first light , it broke ... Just completely stopped working . Maybe I did something wrong but I 've bought two of these light testers and each one has broken before getting the chance to use it .
 Its too expensive ... Not very good . It beeps the lights that are good . If you are patient the light bulb set inserter is very accurate , but you have to do it individually .
 I bought this at Ace Hardware for about $ 6 . I 've seen them even cheaper about $ 4 . I gave up after hours of frustration trying to find bad bulbs/fuses . I 'm going to Lowes or Home Depot tomorrow for `` Lightkeeper Pro '' cost around $ 25 , but I 've read great reviews .
 Granted this is a travel steamer but I honestly do not have the time to wait for this to actually produce and then when it finally does , steam my clothes with the weak steam that it does produce . Better travel steamers out there .
 Do n't understand previous review . It was quick to heat up but only produced a very small amount of steam . You had to HOLD IT IN ONE SPOT for it to actually do anything , which was very little . Would still be here till the next ice age getting out wrinkles . TOTALLY USELESS .
 Bought this to take on my trip to the island for I was getting married and wanted it to take out any wrinkles on my wedding dres ... tried it at home first , good thing , for it did n't take the wrinkles out at all . Ended up just hanging the gown in the bathroom with the shower on and the steam from that worked great ... I would not recommend this project .
 I tried this product rot the first time on a silk dress . This is a relatively easy product to steam with a powerful , standard size steamer . It took forever to get out one prominent crease that the dress acquired in transit from the store to my house . The word `` pro '' should not be in the product description at all.On the plus size , it is very tiny , and will fit easily in a carry-on bag . It takes up the space of like two pairs of socks .
 This iron does n't get the job done.I have a very old original Franzus steam travel iron , that 's almost 30 years old . It still gets the job done!Purchased this one , thinking it would be just as good . It 's not Franzus . It 's actually manufactured by Conair now.It does n't get the job done .
 The unit does eventually steam but it did n't take out the wrinkles until I had a full reservoir and spent a long long time removing wrinkles . After the garmnent cooled I could still see some of the wrinkles . I believe it will work but only after spending a lengthy time working on them .
 I 've used this steamer about 20 times now . It removes wrinkles but only after firmly tugging on the garment while steaming and repeatedly running the steamer over the same area . Also it drips water on garments and offers continous steam for about 5-7 minutes due to its compact size . Although , it still beats ironing for small jobs .
 This steamer leaks hot water on your hands while steaming garments ... it has a warning to keep it horizontal but that 's almost impossible to do . Not great steam output , but better than nothing , though not much .
 I can not believe that Rubbermaid would sell this product . It 's hard to believe that an engineer designed such a faulty box . The pieces fit together but are not screwed or fastened in any way . It literally falls apart when you open it . Probably the most poorly constructed thing I have ever bought .
 While Rubbermaid is a longtime name in the business of plastic ware , I find this box to be a very weak link . Plastic is good but the way it is supposed to slip together somehow does n't really work . When closed it is good to sit on top but open , it 's as flimsy as the day is long , moving everywhere and is crying for either return to the hardwear store or some really good heavy super gluejob . The locking feature is a joke , as all you do is tip it over and bam , the whole top end comes off and all of my goods are there for the picking ... just like a big square plastic pi & ntilde ; ata.Try again Rubbermaid !
 I agree with some of the others , there is NOTHING holding this thing together !!! For $ 75 it should be much more sturdy , If assembled the way they want it to be , you could n't ever sit on it , it will fall apart ! Adding grabber screws to hold some of the plastic peices together seems to help .
 This product does keep items inside dry , and is sturdy enough to sit on when the lid is closed , but that 's about the extent of its attributes . I find the design to be very flawed -- the four sides of the deck box are separate , modular pieces which more or less `` nest '' together . The first day I assembled the deck box on my 3rd floor condo balcony , a gust of wind blew the lid open , causing the nested sides to shift and the entire thing to collapse . This in turn caused the soft plastic `` hinges '' to bend out of shape , and now whenever I open the lid , the nested pieces pull apart . This deck box would be great if the `` box '' itself were constructed of one solid piece such as a cooler , but as it is now , it 's a piece of crap that I ca n't see lasting more than a couple of seasons at most ...
 I bought this item and got the free shipping . I am very handy , so I assummed it would be very easy to put together and it would have been if it were not JUNK . The directions show the lid to box assembly at the hinge diagram to be backwards than what they really should be . One of the corners on the back plate was bowed out so that I could physically see daylight at that specific corner . Another major problem was the lid -LRB- top -RRB- . When the lid was closed there is a hole in the front center that should align with the a hole in the front of the box so that a pin or lock can be placed into the hole to keep the lid secure . No matter how you construct the box the two holes NEVER align properly unless you FORCE the lid backwards toward the hinges . My recommendation is to never buy this product . I called amazon support and ups is picking up the defective unit and amazon is going to send me a replacement and they assurred me that the new replacement should work properly . I guess I will just wait and see !!!
 This storage container is not sturdy at all , but I guess you get what you pay for . I would n't buy another one of these again . . It does n't stay together very well .
 This storage unit is the worst that I have ever owned . The sides have 1/8 '' gaps at the bottom that will allow rain and bugs to come through , the front panel is rippled due to its thin plastic , and the hinges feel as if they will break after a few weeks of usage . If you lightly shake the box it flexes severely , I will never buy another Rubbermaid product again which is sad because I remember when they use to be a descent quality product .
 When the deck box was completely assembled the front holes for the lock did n't line up . Assembly was much mor difficult than expected since the holes in the base need to have their knockouts removed with a hammer and screwdriver . You 'll also need a pair of pliers to work the knockouts loose to remove them . The tools required include safety glasses , a piece of 1x4 lumber , a hammer , a standard slotted screwdriver and a philips screwdriver . That 's just crazy for something that is supposed to just snap together .
 I purchased a Lifetime 60012 storage box prior to this and was very surprised with its high quality and durability . I wanted something smaller , so I chose this . I have to tell you , it is shockingly cheap quality . Absolutely no comparison to the Lifetime box . I would not recommend you waste your money on this . I figure if it lasts two years , I 'll be lucky . If you can get it for under $ 40 , then I 'd say you probably will get your money 's worth .
 I ordered this box because other boxes in their reviews said they were n't waterproof and I did n't see that with this one . Not only is this not waterproof but I live on a farm and it will not even be mouse proof so i am afraid to put anything in it . C and D are not curved to meet the end pieces so there are gaps . I ordered several things from Amazon and had to return one already so I am hesitant to return another . I really am not that picky -LRB- the other was definately damaged -RRB- . I did n't even really want to give this one star .
 I 've had this deck box for just over a year now , and I ca n't recommend it to anyone . The box just wo n't stay together . Side panels pop apart , each time it is put back together , it happens again . Size is nice , but it 's just not made well .
 Sturdy , you ca n't be serious . Waterproof , you ca n't be serious . I 'd like to meet the engineer who designed this piece of junk . The box wo n't even stay together . Rubbermaid should send a roll of duck tape with this to hold it together . Please do n't waste you time or money on this . Both Amazon and Rubbermaid should be ashamed for selling this to consumers . The funny part is the box shows a women sitting on it . The next picture should show the box falling apart and the woman falling to the ground .
 This product consists of 6 main pieces
 i bought this bin to store my recyclables , and it does the job but i believe the bin that i received had been used before and returned . The screws were already placed in the holes , but incorrectly . Somehow the cover is not aligned with the hole designed for a lock , so a lock will not fit . It appears that once this item was returned by the previous owner , it was sent to me without being inspected . This was an expensive plastic bin , and I expected a better product . I had to get help in order to assemble because of the mess it was in when shipped . Very poor quality control . I would have returned it , but that was an additional hassle and expense . I am brand new to the amazon.com world , but i will definitely think long and hard before another purchase .
 This is probably the worst piece of garbage I ever purchased on line . Suncast makes a much better productI 'm so sorry I opted for this simply because of the free shipping . It was a pain in the butt to assemble , you need a screwdriver and hammer and if you push too hard it 'll collapse.The last deck box I purchased was a Suncast product . You can put it together with no tools , has handles & wheels.If this junk makes it thru the winter it 'll be a miracle . There 's no way I 'd ever let anyone sit on it.Save your money and do n't buy this !
 PROS : Fairly bigLightweightSnap togetherWaterproof from overhanging lidI guess you could sit on itCONS : PriceNot big enough for JUST seat cushions from 4 outdoor chairs -- let alone all the cushionsSnap together -- Will fall apart if you try to `` cram it '' fullCurrently holding JUST the back support cushions from 4 patio chairs -- it 's actually a small-ish box for this kind of job . Probably better to just hold small random items .
 When I purchased this product , I did n't know that I would have to attach it to a garden hose and add water . I did n't want that kind of spray . Also , I was led to believe that it was safe for birds , lizards , etc. and just repelled mosquitoes . It kills everything in sight . I find many of the bugs on my property very useful and do n't want to kill them - the ladybugs that eat aphids , the dragonflies that eat mosquitoes , etc. . Then the birds and lizards eat the poisoned bugs and I 'm not sure what the consequences of that are , but they could n't be good . I do n't fault Amazon for this . I fault the Bonide company for not being more informative in their advertising of this product .
 If you really want 210 gph pump look elsewhere . I would guess it is pumping about half that capacity and even less after about a week without cleaning the entire system . It needs cleaning about once a week because it starts to clog and air builds up inside the box and makes it float . Should have gotten another tetra pond filter like I had for 5 years but wanted to try and save a few bucks . Bad choice on my part , will probably be replacing this summer .
 The product description indicates that this has a 20 foot cord . The set I got has a 15 foot cord , which means it would n't work in my pond after I spent an hour setting it all up . Now what am I supposed to do - return a sopping wet pump box ? I am not happy .
 I bought this item after looking for years for something that would fit on my 8 ' wide deck . It was just big enough for two chairs and a small table -- a haven from the bees and mosquitos and somewhere to sit at night and read . I was thrilled to find this.I was LESS than thrilled , however , when exactly 32 days later -LRB- note the 30 day warranty -RRB- the handi-wipe material on the top completely disintegrated ! I wish I could attach a photo to this review . Now , bear in mind that I live in upstate NY -- not the Arizona desert . Yes , it 's been a sunny and hot summer -LRB- just exactly the type you 'd want a screen room for -RRB- but this is absolute junk unless you plan to take it down and put it away as soon as you come out of it.If you 're looking for a screen room , buy a conventional one for under $ 50 that will hold up much longer than 32 days ! I would actually give this item a NEGATIVE 5 stars .
 I was really hoping this personal mosquito repeller would keep me safe from the hungry mosquitos that live in my backyard , but it did n't work . The thirsty little blood suckers continued to attack me .
 I just purchased it and I am not sure whether it will work or not , but the 1st thing I noticed is that it has no power indicator . So how will I know the battery is out ? Until the bugs bite me ?
 The ones I receved were not the one pictured . There was no light .
 Anecdotal proofs are compelling but mean almost nothing . These electromagnetic devices are not new , but it is amazing at how the claims purport to repell rodents , insects , and everything else while being harmless to people and pets . . I repeat my appraisal that if you want to throw away your money , you are welcome to buy one of these useless devices . They do nothing and there is no evidence anywhere to prove that they have any useful effect , other than the promise of unimaginable successful control of every pest under the sun . Good luck ... by the way I am a Board Certified Entomologist and work in this field . I am always looking for better methods and approaches to pest management . I would be delinquent if I did n't warn consumers about this kind of useless product . Wonder who the outdoor living enthusiast is . . ?
 I have to say I 'm dissappointed in this product . I wanted to keep some ants away and it 's had no effect at all . A little tiny spider has even built a web off it . It 's supposed to keep those away too . Anyway , I ca n't return it becuase I would have to pay shipping and handling and that would cancel out the refund .
 I bought a set of 5 -LRB- or maybe 6 -RRB- and put them in the garage and basement to get rid of spiders and small crawling bugs . Months later , conditions are still the same .
 This is an example of how brand recognition -LRB- Sunbeam -RRB- can be used to market a useless product . There is absolutely no scientific evidence that electromagnetic emissions from this type of device have ANY effect on either rodents or insect pests.Ultrasonics does have a repellent effect on rodents , however , with this kind of placement , all that is achieved is a local repellency . Mice and other rodents are not in the exposed areas , and do just fine behind furniture , inside walls , in ceilings , and where ever they travel.I am a professional in the pest management field , and I can tell you that this is a total waste of money . It is noteworthy that the main Sunbeam corporation does not include these products in its product line . Sad that the well known brand name is being misused here .
 I am sorry I purchased this pest repeller . After plugging it in we had more ants than before . Another high priced low quality piece of junk .
 I bought this on a lark ; it was n't that expensive and it would have been great if it had worked -LRB- the spray on bug repellents are messy -RRB- . I later read some web sites that describe how there have been scientific studies to show that devices like this DO NOT WORK . Just do a web search for `` mosquito ultrasonic devices '' and you will see what I mean . Well , at least it was cheap .
 My wife and I both tried this mosquito repeller . Instead ofrepelling I truly think it attracted mosquitos . We got morebites with it than when we turned it off .
 Does n't work against mosquitos - at all . Does not claim to be effective against other biting pests , either.Stick with a DEET-based repellant if you do n't want to wind up as some bug 's lunch.Zero stars .
 I used it on a long weekend in the woods . I did n't get bit much . But it was hard to know when it was on . 2 of the 3 made a high pitch sound when turned on , the 3rd just clicked.I did get bit once and put the device near the mosquito and it never flinched . Found them cheaper at CVS drugstore .
 I do n't know whether it repelled any mosquitoes , but in about half an hour , I got several mosquito bites even after shooing away several of those nasty vermin.It is designed so that you twist the tip to turn it on , but there is no indication , e.g. , LED , to confirm . And since it is ultrasonic there is no movement or sound to indicate it either . So if you do n't twist it fully or the battery runs out , how are you to know?Maybe , no insect repeller is perfect , but I ca n't say that this thing works at all .
 This repeller -LRB- if you can call it that way -RRB- does n't have a led indicator , so you 'll never knows if the battery runs out or even if it is working . And the worst of all
 While wearing one of these items , not only did I find that it did n't repel mosquitos , I could have sworn it attracted them ! Once , in the space of 15 minutes , I ended up with over 20 bites . As for the basics , it was difficult to tell whether it was on , and it also kept falling off.If you 're looking for better mosquito control , try the `` Off ! '' brand 's Mosquito Lamp , a candle-based mosquito repellant . It works best in smaller areas like porches or patios -LRB- 15 ' x 15 ' -RRB- , but I can say that in my experience , as long as I had one of the lamps lit , I got no bites .
 I bought this set of 3 because I 'd lost my original one . These do not work-the package said the output mimics the male mosquito , which repels the biting female . It SO did NOT work ! The old version 's packaging said that it mimics a mosquito predator - I walked under a tree with that one and hundreds of mosquitos fled in a huge cloud ! Happily , I found my good one last night.One other note
 When I turn it on , it emits audible sound . Awful , it should be called human repeller . I 'm sure that nobody would like to stay around it . It definitely can not be used in bedrooms . Do n't buy this one . Worst thing I 've ever seen .
 This product does n't do anything near what it advertises . It does n't repel bugs , frankly , I think it attracts them . While it 's supposed to be quiet , I did hear a high-pitched buzzing/humming noise , distractingly reminiscent of an impending migraine . My husband said it sounded like the ringing that they used as an audio effect in `` The Shining , '' and he was n't far off.The only thing it did repel was the dog , who refused to go anywhere near it while it was on , without howling and whimpering . Exactly what we felt like doing when we got near it too . Save your money , buy some OFF ! . It may stink , but it stinks less than this gizmo .
 I have used it since my older model broke and I could n't find a replacement . Frankly , this model releases a audible sound that banished humans . Its not worth a cent for this junk to keep up your space .
 I buy 4 Mosquito Repellers SB160 in order to use when camping.The good thing is the order is coming as quick as usual.The problem for 4 repellers is hard to put the batteries in . I try very hard , my finger nail -LRB- thumb -RRB- is broken , but I can install only 3 of the repellers.I will not refer the repeller to anyone .
 I wo n't have the chance to find out if these work or not because the ticking is driving me crazy ! It ticks about every 5 seconds . It is in my kitchen and I will have to unplug it to go to sleep , I can hear it all the way in my bedroom ! Do n't waste your money on this .
 I bought 3 of these from Bed Bath and Beyond for around the same price as here and this was a complete waste of money.First , these are NOT silent.They give an annoying tick every few seconds.So if you have more than 1 plugged in at a time , its unbearable to be home with all the racket going on.Second , they do n't work!I had a ant problem in my kitchen and these things did n't even make them flinch.I 'll stick with sprays from now on .
 When I got this device I was hopeful to rid my house of bugs . However , the Sunbeam box states that it only works on Mice , Rats , and Ants . The box also states that the device will not penetrate walls and will be dampened by furniture and carpets . Lastly , either the unit is not silent as stated in the features or my entire family has developed super-human hearing . I have not used this long enough to determine if it actually works to keep mice , rats and ants away so it may in fact do the job . Just beware that Amazon description does not match the Sunbeam description .
 I put two in my kitchen , the little cockroaches just breeze right by . Maybe NYC cockroaches are just a lot tougher , but the electronic thing did not repel them = -LRB-
 This was a terrible product . I 'm not sure if it scared any little pests away , but it did scare the entire family away from the rooms where it was placed . It emitted a loud enough noise for the human ear to pick up and was so disturbing that it interrupted the watching of television . After a few days of using these , we quickly got rid of them .
 Does not work on crickets or spiders . Crickets are just as bad with or without the Pest repeller .
 I bought this product and it did not get rid of the pests at all . I ended up returning it . If you do your research in google it 'll link you to many sites explaining studies how ultrasound does not scientifically rid pests in anyway . They 'll become accustomed to the sound that they hear from these devices . It 's kind of like us being accustomed to the buzzing sound that our refrigerator makes . People saying that this product works , it 's all in the head . Probably something else other than the product drove them off .
 i reall had hoped for a swarm of bees to pllinate my veggies this year i set out 2 of these lures in a 20 ft space and waited and waited and waited months went by and no bees just now as the season is turning cold i got 2 loyal bees that show up every day but it is too late no good can come from this i will not use these next year
 I ordered an armature for my Ryobi C356 . From the web , it looked like the C356 armature was the same as a Rigid pn 6030296 . It is not . The Ryobi box has Code 6030296 , but it also says Armature C307 . This amature does not fit my C356 .
 Got a dozen of these and a couple solar powered ones from a different manufacturer.They make different sounds but the results are the same , gophers are n't bothered by them at all and may actually be attracted to them.I have had them in almost a year.I believe that because it is the same sound over and over the gophers become accustomed to it.I put a couple of pictures above so you can see for yourself .
 This thing do n't work . I wo n't say it attracts moles . But it has n't run any off . My yard still looks like a war zone all the time .
 I 'm not sure if this is working or not . But I had a new gopher mound about 10 feet away from the MoleMover last week.I caught the bugger with a trap . This seems to be the most effective and consistent method for me.Maybe it 's my soil ; maybe the gophers in my area are deaf , or maybe this does n't work . Ca n't say exactly , except that I had a new mound close to the device .
 The Exhart mole mover device appears to attract more moles than they repel . I believe my mole families were enjoying the noise makers and inviting all their nearby relatives to join in the party as I had far more mole mounds than ever . I had 3 mole movers in use at the time .
 I had underground rodents that were making dens , collapsing the ground . I put this thing in , and a few days later , I got gopher mounds up by the house , first I 've ever had . Then , I got mole mounds all through my back garden . In other words , all I had to deal with to begin with were dens . Within days of this thing , I seemed to attract gophers and moles . I 've been dropping poison , and seem to have gotten rid of them . Go for decon rat and mice poison -- cheaper and much more efficient than this useless piece of garbage .
 We had so hoped that this would work and scare the little guys off , but unfortunately , they just kept building mounds around the MoleMover . Not sure what we are going to do now ...
 Bought two of these with moderately high hopes based on prior reviews . One never worked , the other worked for 2 days then stopped vibrating . Swapped in brand new batteries just in case , again worked for 2 days now is dead .
 This product does actually seem to work . Problem is that they break down just after the warranty runs out . So plan on replacing the batteries every six months and buying a new one every year .
 I bought 2 of these based on the good reviews I read and also on the fact that my dad -LRB- who lives in south-central Oklahoma -RRB- said they work for him . I gave them a chance based on some of the things said about the moles being attracted to them at first -LRB- the box warns you about this -RRB- , and I have to rate these as a dud for where I live . I 've had them for several weeks -LRB- I 'd say over 8 weeks -RRB- and the moles LOVE them !!! In fact , I 've had increased activity where I 've installed them . I 'm really disappointed as I thought this was the answer to my mole problem . One positive thing
 This product does actually seem to work . Problem is that they break down just after the warranty runs out . So plan on replacing the batteries every six months and buying a new one every year .
 We are on a hillside , where there are a lot of open space , and soft and dry soil . No matter when and what type of grass we put on our lawn . The gophers will find its way to destroy it . I used a lot of those smoke and kill and other solution . Not much use.Four months ago , we decided to try do re-pave the front lawn we new grass again . Since it is a smaller area , we hope we can use this `` stick '' to set a `` control '' area , by putting them at 4 corners and 1 in the middle . So , we definitily overlap some area . I am not sure if it is the product or our luck . I do n't see any gopher marks at the front lawn . I was quite pleased . However , one afternoon , I walked to the side and found that there are gopher holes on the edges and some parts of the lawn was destroy . I looked at the `` stick '' , and it is not functioning anymore . I could n't hear any sound/beep within 5 or 10 mins . I checked the rest of the `` sticks '' . 4 out of 5 are not working . I thought it was battery , and quickly put in new ones in . it does n't make any sound anymore . I looked inside the tube , and I do n't see water mark , may be very little of rust inside of the tube . Other than that , no sign of wear and tear . The products just do n't work anymore . Considering the price and the durability , I would NOT recommend this product . If the manufacture can not even make such a simple product that at least 2 years for the price . I strongly defer any customers away from it .
 I was duped by their tech support into buying 4 more of the solar version after the first one did not work in an area that is less than 800 sq. ft. -LRB- 1 in each planter box and 1 for the lawn -RRB- . I have attached an image with gopher holes within 2 feet of the unit.Tech support does not answer questions after they give you their canned answer about how to make the product work , which is to buy more of them .
 Purchased two new units , only one worked . When I asked Wiserliving for a replacement they want me pay expenses to return their product so they can determine if they might provide a replacement . They do not know the meaning of customer service . Do n't trust them they are rude and dishonest .
 I have problem with moles for a month . I tried everything and the last resort was trying this product . I spent about $ 17 + 3 type C batteries -LRB- cost another couple dollars -RRB- but worth nothing . I put it in and next day I saw tunnels all around it . I thought moles were joking and dancing around it : -LRB- c Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered three . One never worked , the second worked for a week , and the third continues to function , but the gophers remain . Save your $ $ $ .
 I have used the solar version of this product for 6 months and they work perfectly . The moles hate them ! I thought that this battery operated one would work the same but it does n't . After putting in three batteries , the units are n't reliable . I 've found that they stop working and I 'm not sure why . I bought several and they all work that way . The solar version is extremely reliable .
 I grow beets backyard . The gophers eat my beets . I spent almost a hundred dollar for gopher repellant products like something with Uncle ... , gas tube , poison pellets , and this one.This one does n't work.Then I bought a pair of victor gopher trap for about $ 12 . I have caught 4 of them . I feel relief .
 In my personal experience and opinion this product has not worked to get rid of the pests for me at all . I have used it for a few months and the mounds seem even worse . I had hopes this would work . Maybe for some people it works well , but for me it just did not get rid of the pests .
 The unit stopped chirping within a few days . Fresh batteries did not revive it . Willing to try another , but there seems to be a quality control problem .
 When I first put two in my very small front yeard where I was having the probelm with gohers , within a few days , they left , and I thought these things were terriffic ! However , a few weeks later they came back , and even though the sonic spikes are still in and still humming away -LRB- becaue I can hear them ! -RRB- the gophers came back and seem to be prefectly happy tunneling under my yeard and leavving huge mounds of dirt everywhere!Exhart Solar Gopher & MoleMover
 I installed the device as the instructions outlined , and within a day a new mole hole formed within a few feet of the device .
 We bought several . Had them all placed in a small space . The product did not work . Do n't waste your time and money . The only way to get rid of moles is to kill them , not my favorite thing to do but it 's the only way .
 Dead out of the box ; tried all kinds of tricks and got the LED to light up but no sound whatsoever .
 My mistake in purchasing this rake was in thinking because it was made of bamboo it would be light so raking leaves or grass would be much less tiresome . What is n't stated in the written description is that the `` fingers '' of the rake curve over severly and are very short , hence only a small amount of material can be raked before one has to stop and unclog the rake . Makes for very frustrating and time-consuming yard work when I 'd rather be doing anything in the yard already than raking . So now it 's sitting in the corner after only being used twice . Do n't understand the 5-star reviews previously ! My opinion is , do n't waste your money on this one but look for a normal , well-made rake with metal fingers .
 I am one of those `` write the review only if it 's bad '' people , so here 's the deal
 I have the same problem as the other reviewer . I have a small yard with 9 of these installed and I end up replacing at least two each season . They eventually end up sticking to one side and no amount of flushing or cleaning will make them work . I 'm tired of digging them up each season so as each one fails again I will replace them with another brand .
 I have had to replace half of my sprinklers over the first year . I have used the Toro gear driven sprinklers with good results but their impact sprinklers are horrible .
 One star it too high . It is impossible to adjust , it does n't spray the distance it says it does , it leaks , It does not pop up . You can not adjust it unless it is squirting water . Even then it can not be adjusted . The instructions did not help solve the flow problem . Toro should stick to snowblowers .
 I have the same problem as the other reviewers . The sprinkler head sticks , usually on return . I 've fiddled with the thing to no end . The problem seems to be just too much friction in the rotating connection . I would not recommend this product .
 I have had the same problems than the previous reviewers . It has been such a waste of money.I 'm really disappointed . I do n't recommend this product at all .
 Leaves a Red mark on the fingers when the gloves are even a little wet - with dew or anything . .
 First , I did not buy this product from Amazon , but felt compelled to let others know how I felt about this unit.Like the other reviewer for this product , I find that temperatures are very inconsistent in this smoker . The unit permits a lot of heat loss due to the thin metal construction . There are also many leaks around the doors . To compensate for this problem it is necessary to use a lot of charcoal.The charcoal grates that were provided allow a lot of charcoal to fall through the spaces . To combat this I stacked the grates in a criss-cross pattern . This puts the fire higher and closer to the opening to the cook chamber . Thus , the result is direct radiant heat between the cook chamber and the firebox . To combat this problem , another peice of sheet metal needs to be inserted between the compartments to minimize radiant heat . Otherwise , you need to open the cook chamber to rotate the meet . This causes more heat loss and the whole thing is a vicious cycle.Finally , I had to check the coals on this unit once an hour at least to ensure that the coals were still burning or had not burned out.Another reviewer who was reviewing a similar product -LRB- the Charbroil Silver Smoker -RRB- recommended creating a charcoal basket and I believe that the same would be appropriate for this model as well.Also , as others noted , you will need to go out and buy yourself a can of black grill spraypaint as this contraption will be losing its paint finish in huge flakes . I took a stiff wire brush to it each time I finished using it and waited until the unit was completely cold before applying spraypaint to the bare surfaces.The only good aspect of this smoker is that it is lightweight and easy to move.In hindsight , I learned that I could do much better low , slow smoking for smaller peices of meat and chicken with my 18 1/2 inch weber silver kettle . My next smoker investment will be firebricks and grates so that I can make my own smoker in the backyard .
 This will be a really short review as the unit stopped working only after 2 days . I liked it for that little while but wish it would last a bit more . It does have a nice uncluttered screen and a modern stainless steel look.This is going back to Amazon .
 I bought this thermometer because it had a large display and modern styling . Both of these are what I got . My complaint is that the accuracy of this thermometer around freezing is not very good . My kids have a couple weather stations I got them for last christmas and when they say 32 it is freezing out . Mine will say almost 35 even though it has clearly dipped below freezing . So if you just want a general idea of temperature with a nice large display , this is the one for you . Otherwise I would seek something more accurate .
 Purchased unit new in February 2009 . Looks nice and worked as expected - but for less than 2 years . Replaced batteries October 2010 for winter use . Batteries in outside unit failed about three months later in January 2011 . All batteries replaced with another brand . Then , after another 3 months , in April 2011 , batteries in outside unit again fail . Too expensive and troublesome replacing batteries every 3 months . Cost to purchase another outside transmitter is about 50 % of the cost of a new unit . Had this unit worked 5 years or more , I would have been happy with it . But , failure beginning at less than 2 years is `` not '' acceptable for a product like this .
 The numbers in the display did n't all work correctly , so the item was returned for a full refund . I purchased Weathertech model FX5000 , which has more features and a larger display . It works great .
 I bought these because they are supposed to provide better coverage and reduce overall watering time per zone by using a more intelligent pattern . Unfortunately these heads are a major disappointment.My water pressure is sitting right at 75 lbs of pressure ; plenty to run my single stream and popup spray heads without an issue . I started with one zone and replaced all the single stream heads with these . Each head comes with a set of spray angle disks that make it very easy to pick a spray pattern.The first major issue is that even on the maximum setting , the range of the stream is no better than 15 feet , and certainly no where near the maximum advertised range of 30 ' . The second issue is that the heads have very poor coverage close to the heads . The streams are such that each individual stream has a varying throw -LRB- some short range , some long -RRB- but the pattern overall left many gaps in coverage near the heads.I will be pulling these heads out and replacing with my old single streams come spring .
 I 've used less expensive products and gotten better results . I 'm not impressed and this stuff is expensive ! I wo n't buy it again .
 I was drawn to using Osmocote branded outdoor/indoor release plant food since they had a $ 10 rebate but unfortunately , all three of my plants that received smaller quantities of the capsules -LRB- food -RRB- died within 72 hours of feeding.These plants were about a year older and healthy . I used only the amount that was recommended on the label and yet the plants died . . Do not recommend this product !!!
 I would not recommend this product to anyone . The problem with this fertilizer is that it is not a time released formula like the packaging claims . I have used EXTREMELY small amounts of this fertilizer on my houseplants and it has killed both of the plants it was used on . The problem is that the fertilizer-containing capsules explode immediately after coming into contact with water , causing all of the fertilizer to immediately enter the plants and kill them through fertilizer burn . There are much better fertilizers out there , specifically those which are not falsely advertised as time-released .
 I have a Homelite UT42002 string trimmer with a 5amp 125vac FA3-4 DPST on/off switch . I do not use the trimmer often but when I do , it gets a tough workout . The trimmer itself is great but the on/off switch is far too light for a tough job . I estimate I get about 20 hours on a switch before it burns out . After two burnouts , I plan to install a 15 amp 125VAC toggle switch which I will probably have to jury rig . I do not recommend this course of action unless you are familiar with the way switches work and are a pretty competient tinkerer .
 I had the same switch in my 5 amp Ryobi hand plainer that went out . After about five minutes of use , it quit working . I tried to pop open the switch to see if I could fix it , but it looked like the plastic that holds the contacts got too warm and melted slightly . This prevented one of the contacts from bridging the connection then the button was pressed . I gave it two stars instead of one only because it was on used in the string trimmer it was advertised for , but it was still a 5 amp application .
 I wanted to order two of these switches but the cost for handling two is 150 % of the cost of the switches . I mean really ? does it take twice as much effort to pull two switches out of the box ?
 Within days of hanging this feeder the squirrels ate a large hole in base of the unit - about 3 inches in diameter - rendering it worthless . If you do not have squirrels this is a nicely designed unit . If you do have squirrels - they will rip this one to shreds in no time . Everything is made from thin plastic .
 I know from past experience that squirrels eat through plastic to get to the bird seed . I had high hopes that the plastic in your product would be strong enough so the squirrels could not eat through the plastic . I gave your product 3 days before something bad would happen to it . When I started to fill the bird feeder , the bird seed flowed out through the feeding station at the bottom of the loop on one side . I stopped filling the bird seed and found the feeder was defective on one side . The outside mechanism did not cover the hole enough so the bird seed flowed out . I was able to fill the opposite half of the feeder . Two days later , I saw a squirrel sitting in the middle of the feeder . I did n't purchase the feeder for squirrels to use as a swing . The next day I noticed chew marks on the top inside feed station . I was not happy . The next day I saw a piece of green plastic laying on the ground and went to investigate . A squirrel had damaged the feeder by chewing away the inner mechanism and bird perch . At that point , my hopes were dashed . I , like millions of other people , like to watch birds . I do n't like replacing plastic bird feeders due to squirrel damage . I like metal bird feeders that deter squirrels with metal cages away from the seed . I think the idea of the Court Bird Feeder is good , but the plastic needs to be recycleable and stronger so squirrels can not eat through to get the bird seed . The item should state that it is not squirrel proof . Squirrels can not eat through metal . They can gnaw on it but not eat it . I know squirrels . Back to the drawing board !
 It retains water at the bottom because there are no holes for it to drain , some of the seeds even sprouted out in couple of days after a rainy day , funniest thing I have ever seen . You could create your own hole though . The clear plastic is real thin and was chewed out by the squirrels . I think they need to improve the quality of this product and actually test it out before putting it in the market .
 As soon as it rains , the food gets wet and molds . I suppose it would be ok in a covered area ...
 I purchased this for my mom to watch the birds from her window . It was easy to attach to her window and easy to fill . When she checked to see why not a single bird was visiting -- she noticed water -LRB- rain -RRB- entered into the feeding holes and froze the seed solid ! She emptied it and tried again and it happened again . Maybe it would work in a covered area , but not in an area exposed to wet conditions .
 I am very disappointed with this sprayer . It leaks where the hose attaches to the tank and the nozzle will not adjust to a fine enough spray for acid staining . I am returning this product thanks to Amazon 's reasonable return policy .
 This feeder is not made well , it 's not easy to clean and the birds do n't like it
 Setup was fairly easy with the base finding the remote quickly . I 'm rating this a little lower because the screen is difficult to see in most light and the system does not have outside humidity which I overlooked while reviewing this product before buying . If this is not a feature you need then you could consider this unit.I do like the way the Oscar changes as the weather conditions outside change .
 I bought this weather station in spite of the negative reviews that I read . I should have listened to all of the other bad reviews . This product is junk . It defective - the outdoor temperature did n't register on the unit . Additionally , the screen is poorly designed - there are a lot of angles at which it is difficult to see the images on the screen . And , as if these issues were n't enough , their customer service sucks . I contacted them about the outdoor temperature not being displayed on my unit and after 4 emails , they told me that they would exchange the item for a new one , but that I would have to pay shipping . So , I returned it to Amazon instead -LRB- they do n't charge for return shipping -RRB- and will be buying a product made by Oregon Scientific instead . La Crosse products are a joke . Do n't waste your money .
 Bought this product as a replacement for a LaCrosse weather station I had and worked great for about 6 years . I had dropped that transmitter -LRB- my fault -RRB- and it stopped reading the remote temperature . This new one 's tranmitter never worked from the moment I got it . Tried many times with many different sets of batteries . It 's been sitting on my desk as a glorified clock for about 13 months . I finally decided to cut my loses and throw it out today since the main unit 's battery just died . Looked like a good one if only it worked ! Good brand , maybe I just got a dud . Should have contacted the manufacturer right away to see what they would do about it , but did n't get around to it . Maybe it 's worth a gamble , but my experience was n't good .
 I state right up front that I bought this because it offered so much functionality in one unit . Unfortunately , it tries to do a little too much . It falls under the heading of Things The Designers Enjoyed Building But Never Used ; for if they had , they might have revisited putting so much functionality into what should be simple device.All you really need to know about this product is that the manual - or , at least , the English portion of the manual - is 69 pages long . Am I the only person that thinks that 's a bit much?This morning the alarm went off at 6AM , even though I had n't explicitly set it to do so . After fumbling with the buttons for about 2 minutes , I was unable to figure out how to shut the thing off and had to turn the lights on to figure it out . The fact that the backlight is impossibly weak did n't help matters at all.I suppose if you 're looking for a weather station this will do . But if you want an alarm clock that can be intuitively set and turned off , this is n't going to cut it .
 I ca n't figure out how to work it . I live in an apartment and have found it useless to me . To me , it was a waste of money but maybe someone else would like it . The only thing I use it for now is to tell me the inside temp in my apt . Quality was fine , no complaints about that .
 The man seems hokie . All I really needed was an interior and exterior temperature and humidity measure . Sorry about this choice .
 We have a ~ 1 year old one , and the left side of the screen started to die . Not a big deal I thought . . stuff happens -LRB- even though we have old alarm clocks that have lasted 10 + years -RRB- . Got another one on January 18th , and the LCD is only visible if you look at it from an extreme angle , and even then it barely works.As others have commented , La Crosse service is TERRIBLE . It took forever to get ahold of them , and when I did , I was told I would need to not only pay to ship it to them , but that I would have to include a $ 10 check for `` handling '' and return postage . It 's a good thing I 'm still within Amazon 's generous return period .
 I was looking forward to getting my new weather station ... but , was left disappointed by this one . The wireless transmitter is worthless , it will not work and I have never been able to get an outside temp reading , no matter how close i try to position it to the main unit . I ca n't begin to tell you how many times I have taken the batteries out and tried `` resetting '' it without success . I used the manual and website to trouble shoot it , but nothing worked . I would not recommend this product .
 I do n't know if it works yet , but the set up and instructions are terrible . I would not recommend this product based on this . I had another one by a different manufactuer and it was very simple to set up . This one is frustrating to the point you just hope you get the tempretures . As with me after about a half hour I gave up on the set up . Doubt it is accurate .
 To start with , the remote -LRB- outdoor -RRB- temperature sensor for this unit has never been accurate -LRB- outdoor temp . is too high -RRB- . Beyond that , this unit worked pretty well for about 9 months , until I changed the batteries . With new batteries , the indoor temperature reads about 10 degrees too hot -LRB- when it 's not reading 120-130 degrees indoors -RRB- .
 Shipping was prompt . This item arrived totally defective . Would not display outdoor temperature . New batteries , multiple resets , still nothing . Other display functions would reset randomly and wouldnt hold the settings .
 When I received this - and struggles to open the packaging - I carefully read the instructions , put in new batteries , and waited for it to hook up to WWV in Ft. Collins , CO. -LRB- I have four clocks that run off WWV , so it should work . -RRB- In two days , it never did make contact.Worse , when there was a display - since you can set this manually - it showed only the top half of the numbers in indoor temp , a third of the outdoor , and no humidity ! I tried different batteries even those these were brand new Duracells . Same result . Okay , a defective unit.I called La Crosse tech support , went through their selection , and waited until the instructions were to leave my name and phone number . I tried again early this morning , early enough so that a human being should have answered , and still it went to voice mail.I emailed twice , and got a reply that said , `` Due to unusual high call and email volume ... it could take 3-5 days to get Tech Support . '' I figured that I was n't the only one who was having problems , and I filled out the Return from Amazon and am getting for a full refund.I have seen this unit work . My kids have one . If Tech Support or ANY person at La Crosse had answered my calls or email , I might have tried another unit . At this point , I simply do n't need the hassles of dealing with a company stuck in 2006 -LRB- the date on the plastic packaging -RRB- .
 I am dissatisfied with this product . The remote temperature reading is up to 4 degrees off -LRB- warmer -RRB- I also had a difficult time reaching their customer service . I tried via email and phone . Someone finally returned my call about a week later . After explaining my problem with their weather station , she said it was not unusual for the remote temp to be 2-4 degrees off . She said she would transfer me to the service dept but I was disconnected . I finally gave up and will probably return the weather station . All the other features work fine but what good is a thermometer if it does not give correct readings?Dissatisfied in Maryland
 I ca n't seem to be able to set it up . I 'll keep trying , but the written instrctions have such tiny font and the video moves so fast I ca n't get it working except the indoor tempature .
 Received this as a Xmas present and I spent many hours trying to get it to work . The outside sensor would not communicate with inside monitor . I went to website to try and problem solve but it was useless . I will try to return the product.Christmas gifts are supposed to be fun not frustrating .
 Mine fell one time and was shot after that , and the little man is full of crap half the time even before it fell .
 I ordered 2 of these less than a month ago . One was for me and the other one for my daughter . We both loved watching Oscar change . However , the past few days with temps well into the 90 's , Oscar refused to put on his bathing suit !! He had a short sleeved shirt and long pants on during the entire heat wave . I called La Crosse , and they could n't be nicer . The gal I spoke to walked me through a few steps to reset . She even called me back after I had to put a piece into the freezer . Alas , Oscar would not change ! , Since the stations were less than a month old , I am sending back to Amazon.La Crosse Technology WS-9611U-IT Wireless Sun/Moon Forecast Station with Oscar Outlook
 Like many others my transmitter stopped working after only 6 months . Tried all the normal fixes and noting . Ended up throwing it out . Save your money and do n't buy this .
 I had this unit for two weeks and I have not been able to receive the outdoor temperature , the indoor unit works fine but the transmitter seems to be defective.I spoke to Amazon and they referred me to the manufacturer ` La Crosse ... ' . I 'm disappointed that Amazon would not resolve this issue for me , however I spoke to La Crosse Technologies and they will be sending me a new transmitter unit , in couple of weeks . So two stars to Amazon for washing their hands of the problem and four stars to La Crosse . . for helping me out.The indoor unit is a little too sensitive to touch , there are buttons all around and it 's very easy to hit something inadvertently.I would n't recommend this unit for the difficulty of setting it up : first the batteries here and now there , wait 10 minutes here and 15 minutes there , do n't put the transmitter outside where it can get wet , do n't wrap the outdoor unit with plastic , do n't install next to metal , make sure they are no obstructions -LRB- walls or trees ? -RRB- I guess this transmitter will work fine in the Arizona desert and if you live in a house with no walls ... but I would definitively buy a different unit from ` La Cross ' for their good customer service .
 Temp works great indoors and outdoors . The weather guy is a little off sometimes . Worked great for a little over a year
 Product would not display outdoor temp . Did everything suggested in the manual with no success . Called LaCrosse three consecutive days without talking to a representative but able to leave name and number for a return call . Took LaCrosse another 4 days to return any call . By then item had been returned for a refund .
 To small . To much of the clock is used on the little man in the center . Would like to be able to see date and time side of weather station more clearly -LRB- larger -RRB- .
 This product seemed to setup and work very simply . I like the look of the clock , though it is smaller than I had thought , but that is okay since it is really an alarm clock size . But once it was setup , I noticed that it only displayed indoor temperature and left outdoor blank . So I hit some buttons until I found the outdoor temp . But in order to see it , the indoor temp disappears . So I am only able to see one temp at a time , which is NOT what was displayed in any of their photos or on their user manual . If anyone can tell me how to display both temps at once without scrolling through menus , I will improve my review , but until then , it is a 2 .
 The receiver/clock works fine . Unfortunately , the temperature senser/transmitter does not . Despite doing the time consuming reset/restart routine -LRB- waiting 4 minutes after removing the batteries from both units and then pushing all the buttons at least ten times -RRB- several times , the two units never communicated . A TOLL call to customers support resulted in several voice mailboxes and then after ten minutes -LRB- good thing I do n't pay long distance phone charges -RRB- you had to leave a voicemail and then it hung up.Several calls later , a real tech support specialist told me that I need to buy batteries with an expiration date of at least 2015 ! OK , you 've made enough of a fool of me can I return it for replacement or repair ? - Sure at my cost.NOT !
 I received this as a gift on New Years Day 2009 . I mounted the remote temperature sensor seven feet high in my carport to make sure it never got wet . Nevertheless , the sensor batteries -LRB- two AA 's -RRB- never lasted more than three or four weeks . To make this short interval more annoying , every time the sensor batteries are replaced the base unit must be powered down by having its batteries removed , too . This results in the loss of all previous temperature data and requires every mode on the base unit to be manually reset as if it were just out of the box.The outside sensor quit for good a few days days ago . So , it lasted just over eight months , and required just about that many battery changes . I 'm in the market for a new weather station , but at this stage all I know for sure is it wo n't be made by La Crosse . The sheer idiocy of the battery changing process , and the frequency with which it must be performed , make this product a textbook example of a design nightmare.My suggestion ? Do n't buy any La Crosse weather station that uses the TX29U remote temperature sensor , and stay away from La Crosse altogether if you can .
 I bought this because it seemed like a cool idea . However I noticed that the temp readings are depressingly inaccurate , ESPECIALLY the outdoor temp . I have access to very expensive equipment at work that reads temperatures and this was off by about 4-5 degrees for the indoor temp and about 10-12 degrees for outdoor temp . Man I would be embarassed to release a product that performed so poorly at the job it was supposed to do . It 's cool in concept and would n't be a bad idea if you do n't care about the useless temp readings .
 My main issue is that the outdoor sensor is unreliable . It works after initial setup , but within a few hours the indoor receiver will lose the outdoor temperature . For me , that 's a deal breaker since outdoor temp is the main reason for purchasing this.It is full featured for the price , and the ` what to wear ' guy is a cool feature . It would be a great value if it all functioned properly.The contrast on the screen is also not as good as some other lcd weather stations , it 's somewhat dim . Even when you press the lighting bar , its still not as readable as other lcds with lighter backgrounds .
 I purchased this for my husband 's father 's day gift after he saw a similar product in someone 's home . I chose this one because I thought the man who 's clothes change with the weather was adorable . I should have listened to the other reviewers and not let my desire for cuteness overide buying a product that works . It was VERY hard to set up and no matter where we put the outdoor sensor , it NEVER is close to showing the correct temperature . Buy something else !!!!!!
 The product does not work . Neither it is self adjusting the time nor is catching the outside transmitter . I think the transmitter is anyways not working . I tried to set the time manually , but it would not even let me do that . I have tried calling the support 3 times now and reach a voice mail . And guess , its not even an 800 # ... My first and last product from this company . . and I am returning it !
 I bought this product back in November and it worked fine , for about 2 weeks . The transmitter stopped functioning , even after following all of LaCrosse 's suggestions . I emailed LaCrosse and they have yet to respond to me 3 weeks later . The customer service is horrible , probably because they know this product is defective .
 Lasted 30 days . Transmiter was under deck , protected from rain and snow . Was cool to it failed . Working on a replacement .
 I recently purchased the La Crosse Technology Wireless Forecast Station . One of the reasons I decided to purchase this item was because it had several features I desired in a Wireless Forecast Station . It seemingly should have been a &#34; plug and play &#34; technology . However , after receiving the unit I took it out of the package and began to assemble it as directed . Assembly was easy -LRB- more or less it was just putting in the batteries -RRB- . However , when I followed the instructions for set up I never could get the temperature gauge to read correctly . Unfortunately I will be returning this unit and attempting to find a different one that may work a little bit better out of the box .
 This is second time ordering this item and the first one only worked about a year . Tried giving it another chance so I ordered another in August of 2012 . The item only lasted 5 months . Followed the instruction on setting up the temp option and the temp still did not register . Will never order another .
 After many attempts using the included manual , I could not get it to work . Even after watching a YouTube video on how to set it up , it still would not work . I will be returning this item .
 It worked in the beginning . 4 months later the LCD was dead and all text were invisible . Changed battery per the manual and no way to bring the LCD text back . It 's useless now . Contact La Crosse and their phone will be never pciked by a support representative . Left phone message and sent email and nobody contacted me for a month . It sucks . I had two other La Crosse products . Luckily they worked fine .
 Purchased this about 2 years ago . Worked great for 1 1/2 years ... changed batteries maybe twice during this period . Then it started eating batteries ; that is , the outside unit . It started slowly , but progressed fast . I have taken it down now because it eats the outside unit batteries about every 2 weeks . Lacrosse Support is not help . All they continue to say is it is the batteries , it is the batteries . I use quality Duracell batteries with years 2016 and 2017 as directed by Lacrosse . But no help . I just think they have products of low quality . I will never buy another Lacrosse product because they do not last and are not cheap ; the batteries over 2 years cost me twice as much of the Lacrosse unit ! If I have to I will use a basic big display outside thermometer !
 We were very disappointed in this station . The digits ca n't be seen unless you are just two feet from it . We have and wanted another station that can be seen 5-6 feet away . This station offers an alarm , snooze etc. too many buttons . You ca n't pick it up without pushing one of the 5 buttons around the face . I wish I would have sent it back .
 I never was able to get this item to work even after reading and following the company 's recommendations . Thankfully the company accepted a return.I found a cheap one at a big box store that 's been working great .
 I ca n`t get the outdoor sensor to work.I went online and printed off the manual . I ` m gon na keep working with it to try to get it to work before Christmas . I bought it as a Christmas gift.Pat
 I received a defective unit with bad or burned out pixels on the screen . The time and date are illegible because of this . I called La Crosse Tech customer service and spoke with a very rude rep who informed me I had to pay myself to have it shipped back to them , even though it arrived broken . Beware that if you receive a defective unit you will have to ship it back to the company on your own dime . Not really fair , and I will never deal with this company again .
 I did not pay close enough attention to the product details because it is tiny - only 5 inches long and 3 1/2 inches tall.Also , the directions are prohibitive - very detailed and plenty of places in the process that you can mess up and have to start all over again . I almost decided to just skip the whole thing.It appears to be working , but I would not recommend this product .
 Argh . The outdoor temp LCD is more contrasty than the rest ... meaning that you have about 20 degrees of vision where the correct temp is displayed . Here , it is either 30F or 80F , the left two vertical lines ar enot displayed from LCD setting 0-5 , but are there -LRB- barely -RRB- from 6-7 . And , you have to be right on top of the unit . Bad design or defect . Returned .
 I received the La Crosse 9611U for Christmas last year and I am not using it anymore because of the problems I have had . -LRB- I used my unit only with the single sensor that came with it so I can not speak to using more than one sensor . -RRB- First off when the remote sensor was placed immediately next to the main unit they would both report different temperatures - usually off by a degree or two . This I find unacceptable . There is no reason for them to be off that much . I believe the remote sensor was the one that was off because the main unit matched the temperature reported by my thermostat.The second one that bothered me was the requirement to setup the whole unit from scratch every time the sensor needed a battery replacement . This seems totally unnecessary . There is no reason it could n't retain the connection information of the sensor so as to be able to reconnect after the battery replacement.Another , that was minor , was that the screen required viewing at an odd angle to make it easiest to read . I am a tall person and I had it mounted just below eye level on the wall but I had to always bend down to read it clearly . It is as if they expect users to always mount it higher than their head to read . Maybe they were thinking more about desktop use the wall mounting.The last was the wall mount . If you look at the product images , on the one shows a diagram of the back , the rectangle that represents the stand and battery compartment is actually a section that protrudes from the back . That means the keyhole is not flush against the wall . If you mount it in such a way to attempt to make the thermometer tight against the wall it instead forces the bottom of the unit out . That prevents tightening the screw in a way that would secure it to the wall . In my house , with three boys , that translates to it easily being bumped off the wall and hitting the floor . After a couple of those it stopped receiving from the sensor and I thought I do n't need another indoor thermometer so I stopped using it .
 The out door temp . was off by 6 degree all the time . I would not buy another one and will be sending this one back.Display is very small and hard to read .
 I have been wanting to get a wireless forecast station for a long time and finally broke down and bought one.Right from the beginning it never set right and I tried a couple of times . The sunset/sunrise is off by an hour and the barometer is only right about half the time . After a couple of weeks the outside temperature stopped working , which was the part I wanted it the most for to begin with . After reading more reviews I realized that I am not the only one that has had the transmitter die shortly after purchase and they only warranty for 1 month , after that you are SOL . You would have to pay shipping both ways and only get a partial refund ! Would be cheaper to buy a new one from a better company . I buy everything from Amazon and am usually very satisfied , not this time !!! Totally disappointed !! Do yourself a favor and stay away from this brand !!!
 I bought this as a gift for my husband and it is now September and the device that goes outside is already broken , he called the company and they can not send us just the unit to go outside we have to purchase a whole new unit . Terrible design with wireless device should be made to handle the elements because that is the only reason I can think of why it stopped working .
 We got this as a gift from my parents . It worked until we had to change batteries . I have been trying for the past week to make the base `` sense '' the outside sensor . Every time I have to take the batteries off from both the base and the sensor , wait for 10 minutes , then put the batteries in the sensor first , then in the base without touching any buttons -LRB- and they seem to be everywhere ! -RRB- ; otherwise , you 'll have to start from the beginning . AArrgghhh , I 'm thinking of tossing this . If setup or changing batteries takes half an hour , the product is n't worth it .
 This product has not worked since I received it . I called customer service TWICE ; the first time they sent me a new transmitter and the second time I was told to send the product and BOTH transmitters to see why this is product is NOT working . So , the saga continues on whether or not this product will work.I will keep you posted ...
 Item did not work properly . After many delays finally given an RMA number . Warehouse draggged their feet in responding about status of item.More delays in sending replacement , on top of that sent to wrong address.Tried to change delivery address and told it cant be done -RRB- too close to delivery date -RRB- yet UPS has the means and ability to change delivery address.Overall a bad experiencs and question Amazon 's ability to satisfy coustomer complaints .
 Absolutely horrible customer service . They do n't back up their producty . Waited an hour for support , then they all they suggested was to ship back parts ... at my own expense . They do NOT back up their product . I will never buy from them again .
 Dissapointed by it 's small size . Operates fine although somewhat difficult to set up at first . Instructions are confusing . Too many functions and readouts . You need to have this unit close to you on a desk or such and even with the contrast adjusted to highest setting the sun or bright light can wash out or make seeing the numbers difficult . Too much information in too small of a package .
 I ordered this specifically because it had the sunrise/sunset feature . Description states 99 cities included . Great I figure it has to have either Milwaukee -LRB- metro population 1.5 million -RRB- or Madison -LRB- metro population of 300,000 -RRB- . Instead the only two cities they cover in Wisconsin are Green Bay and LaCrosse . It makes no sense to include those 2 cities but not Milwaukee or Madison . Both cities are over 200 miles from me . Just to warn other would-be buyers . . do not assume a city near you will be included in the 99 cities they list.Other than that it seems ok for the price . The manual is a little difficult to understand and the programming is not intuitive .
 I purchased the weather station and 2 additional remotes giving 4 different temp readings . When placed side by side none agreed with each other . The range is also not as advertised . The unit often loses contact with the remote in the garage , about 40 feet away . The display is a bit silly , what is the use of a decimal point reading for temp when it is n't accurate within 2 degrees -LRB- or maybe more -RRB- and lastly , who on earth would define the date October 10th as 1110 ?
 This `` Weather Station '' broke after only two months ! It stopped receiving the temperature from the outdoor sensor . I have tried everything to get it to work with no luck . I have also tried contacting La Crosse `` Customer Service '' . I have emailed - twice and called and call and left a message . After two weeks , I still have n't heard from them . Maybe they are too busy to respond because their products continue to break ? DO NOT BUY LA CROSSE PRODUCTS ! You will be disappointed .
 If you buy any La Crosse product , do n't expect customer service . It took more than a week for them to respond to my email question about a problem I had and then I got want looked like a canned response that did not answer my problem . I followed up with another email and they have yet to respond more than a week later .
 Purchased this for a Christmas gift ... will not show outside temperature . Followed instructions to the `` T. '' Customer service IMPOSSIBLE to reach .
 Product works ok . Neat idea . Poor wireless range.Unfortunately I had to call for Tech support . Left 2 voice mails in two days after waiting on hold for a few minutes . They wo n't let you remain on hold . I did not receive a call back so I called again and chose a different call path which got me to a person somewhere in Tech support . She was rude , short , and condecending . Probably hated her job or perhaps it was just a bad day . Regardless , I will not purchase another La Crosse product .
 I got this for christmas last year & we 've had random issues with it the whole time like the alarm having spaz attacks at 3am when it says its off , the time is NEVER right . The most recent is that we moved and when we took this to the new house it stopped reading the outdoor temp . I 've changed the batteries & reset it a bunch of times but it still wo n't work . I ca n't find the instruction book anywhere and therefore I ca n't call the company . Apparently after less than a year of use I 'm going to have to buy a new one . Not impressed . My husband wanted to get a different one because of the reviews on this one and I told him `` it ca n't be that bad '' ... it is that bad ... do n't do it !
 I have owned this product for 18 months . It never really worked reliably since I got it with temperature readings well off both indoor and outdoor . Worse though , as other reviewers have point out , it is difficult to setup and resets when you replace the batteries which you will need to do often . Very irritatingly , it is very easy to accidentally set the alarm which defaults to 6am . I 've been woken up several times by this `` feature '' after having picked up the unit to fix an issue.Finally after 18 months , the unit started to fail . I replaced batteries several times and it still did n't work . Contacting customer service is useless as nobody ever responds . The online help simply states `` replace the batteries '' . In the end , I wish I had n't bought this and am still on the lookout for a good indoor/outdoor weather station .
 I have had two of these in different locations for over 2 years . The functionality and accuracy is very good . It is a very useful device , but when you have to change the batteries in a remote sensor , its a very painful process . It requires you reset the receiver at the same time so it picks up the remote again . So any time any of the remotes needs new batteries you have to collect them all , then reset the power on everything in the same order you do for the initial setup . Which implies changing all the batteries at the same time whether they need it or not . And it often takes a few tries to get it all to register correctly again . On top of that the receiver remembers nothing after the battery is reset , so you have to re-enter the location info , gmt offset etc. ... I check their web site and it looks like most of the La Crosse line behaves the same way , which is really disappointing . Why ca n't the receiver remember to location for 5 seconds ? Why ca n't you change the remote sensor batteries within a few seconds and have it remember the security code ? It 's not worth the effort in the long run because battery changes are at least a 10-15 minute effort . You should look at a different manufacturer .
 Well this should teach me to believe it when I read the reviews and not take them with too much grain of salt.good stuffwell packageddisplay as describedit 's cheapbad stuffthe antenna on my unit does not broadcast the temp . -LRB- this is probably busted but not worth the hassle of trying to get the unit replaced . -RRB- Instructions for setting up are not complete , the instructions for re-setting the connection have important information about distance between the units in it.there are buttons every where ! cant touch the silly thing without hitting a button by accident.no reset button means you have to take the batteries out to attempt to reconnect or add a sensor . -LRB- I have done this over a dozen times this morning , but again I think mine is busted . -RRB- and if you touch any of the buttons you have to start over again.rest of my issues are covered in the other reviewers comments so no need to repeat.Next time I buy a better one and save the aggravation
 I have had LaCrosse weather stations in the past , and typically got a couple years of service out of them before they died . I read a lot of positive reviews on this product and just a few negative reviews and decided to take a chance . Big mistake . Received the unit and it worked fine for a few minutes , and then the display lost the link with the sensor while they were sitting just a few feet apart . This is a major inconvience because the batteries have to be pulled out and the unit reprogrammed in order to reestablish the link . With my previous LaCrosse stations , I had them at least a year before they started losing connection.Needless so say , this goes right back in the box within an hour of receiving it . This is the last time I will spend money on LaCrosse products . I had an Oregon Scientific weather station that lasted for years and will see if they have something that will suit my needs .
 I ordered this despite the reviews complaining of no Customer Service by Lacrosse . I have another product by them and it works fine , so I took the plunge . Unfortunately , there is an issue with the item -LRB- surise/set incorrect -RRB- . I e-mailed them a week ago , and received an auto-responder reply . Nothing else . I e-mailed again . Nothing . Back it goes .
 Bad Bad product . Waste of $ $ . Company not helpful in working with U to get it working . Major run around from Customer Service who do n't know their product . I bought the second sensor because I could n't get the one that came with it to work . Customer Service said I would probably need an additional sensor . Stupid me . I fell for it . Still ca n't get any of the units to work . They keep telling you to take the batteries out and go through this elaborate process to install it . TOTAL waste of time . Do n't buy it or any other product from this company . Save yourself the aggrivation .
 This item stinks . It is so small the you have to be standing on top of it to read it , also you have to pick it up to read it , when the lite hits it you can not read it . I would never buy one again . If i had known it was so small I would not have purchased it .
 I buy things with the expectation they 're going to keep working.After one year of marvelous service , the thing crapped out.Month 13
 Outdoor temperature reading did not work , and unit is too small . Hard to read display on unit . Would not recommend , better to get a unit that is much larger .
 I bought this weather center about 6 weeks ago . It is a cheap junky product . Every time we touch it we inadvertanly touch one of the poorly placed set buttons -LRB- exposed on the side of the unit -RRB- and the display changes and the outdoor temp goes away . I 'm really sorry we wasted our money on this junk !
 It took a couple of hours to set this up the first time . If you read the manual and add up the time expected to wait for things to happen , this is normal.Try using the alarm , if you dare . I figured it out , but it is not easy.Change the batteries ? Start from square 1 . Do n't buy La Crosse products .
 Mine kicked the bucket withing a year . The temperature readings became wildly inaccurate . It currently claims that the temperature is 115 when it is more like 75 .
 wheater station.ws-9611u-it . wheater man dus not change . always the same . Lost sales slip
 This product worked for 3 days and then it died . It could be 8 degrees outside and Oscar is out with a beach chair . I bring it inside and it still reads 69 outside but 65 inside . I follow the support email I got after 3 weeks of waiting for a reply and still it does not work properly . Save yourself the aggravation and do n't buy LaCrosse Products . If you want to throw your money away , I 'd rather you give it to charity , a much more worth cause than this junk .
 I have had the weather station for about 6 weeks and the outdoor temperature sensor has died . It was in a sheltered area and I have done everything to get it to work . Now I 'm dealing with LaCrosse customer service . After reading reviews for the temperature sensor -LRB- TX29U-IT -RRB- this is very common.I do not recommend this weather station .
 I bought it in February 09 ' . After two months ' use , the display was dead . I thought it was the batteries . So I replaced all the batteries . The display beeped once and then nothing . Same thing when I tried at least 3 types of alkaline batteries as recommended . As other reviewer mentioned , La Crosse has ZERO customer servce .1 -RRB- I contacted them using their online Contact Custome Service form in early May .2 -RRB- Having hearding nothing from them , I sent a email on June 10 . An email came on June 12 with the typical Battery instructions despite the detailed problem description in my email . It also asked for the purchase info that I already sent in the previous email .3 -RRB- Anyway , I resent all the info requested on the same day , June 12 . And guess what , nothing happened after that.It 's 10 days now after I sent the last email . My patience ran out . So I filed a complaint with BBB . And I strongly encourage any one who have similr problems with La Crosse to do the same . We ca n't just let them sell faulty products and ignore the customers.Update
 I started up this little baby on 12/31 -LRB- the timing stands out in my mind -RRB- and TWO WEEKS LATER and the outside transmitter is dead . The set itself still works fine , except the whole point of it -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- is to know the outside temp . I loved the guy who would tell me how to dress , and enjoyed the moon phases and sun rise/set . But others have complained about that outside transmitter too ... I wish I 'd bought something else . I had one for YEARS that was just a simple wire from -LRB- a different -RRB- station which you could place out the window . Should have gone old-school , apparently . I 'm very , very disappointed and suggest you look elsewhere so you are n't disappointed too.UPDATE 7/2010 . Some have asked me if I ever did anything about the warranty , so I thought I should give a quick update . I returned the product to Amazon -LRB- easy exchange -RRB- and got a new one . This time I used lithium batteries and kept the sensor more protected outside -LRB- basically it 's protected on three sides and is never in direct sunlight or exposed to snow -RRB- . I do n't think I 'm getting a fully accurate reading but at least it WORKS . Being in southern New England we can go from 100 degrees to below 0 . It may not be 100 % accurate , but it 's working . Would I get it again ? No . But maybe my expectations were too high . Buyer beware .
 I just ordered this item in July and it has stopped working already ! It started out by giving false readings that were n't even close to the right temps . Now it does n't even register the indoor temp . at all.This is the second weather station that I have had from this company and I have n't had one that works . The first one I purchased a few years ago did n't work from day one . I thought that they might have improved them since the first one I purchased but I guess I was wrong . Save your money and do n't purchase items from this company !!!
 I purchased this hoping to get a great product . What i got was a unit that would not connect no matter how long and how many times i tried . Did n't even connect in the house with nothing between unit . Going back to store today to return and get the WS-9625TWC model for $ 20 more .
 This seems like a great product . However , I can not get the remote sensor to connect to the main unit . Have tried at least 20 times , if not more , leaving it to do it 's thing for over a day at times . Nothing . I have tried customer support many times and have left two messages . They finally did call me back ... during the day when I was at work . No help at all.I regret this purchase . I might just return it and spend some more cash on a better product.edit
 The Oscar boy icon on both model La Crosse Technology WS-9611U-IT-TBP and La Crosse Technology WS-9730U-IT Wireless does not have the umbrella in his hand when it rains all day outside . He did not have the umbrella even before the rain happened . It does not forecast the weather accurately.The clock on WS-9611U-IT-TBP model also has to be set manually . It does not automatically pick up atomic time even when the sensor was placed outside for 20 minutes . I tried to reset 3 times and placed the sensor under clear sky with almost no trees around . This clock still could not pick up atomic time automatically .
 Update
 This is no more then a outdoor therm . It has a humidity gage but it 's for the inside not the outside ?? It has been raining off and on all weekend and the guy does not have his umbrella out ? And last of all it 's hard to read from 5 feet ! I would not recommend it sorry !
 I had no trouble setting this up or anything and it usually works good but I live in Florida and bought this to see how miserably hot it is outside and when it gets over about 85 degrees it goes crazy and will say its 103 or 108 outside . I have it under an overhang so its not in direct sunlight . I have put other thermometers outside next to it and they give the right temp . I guess as long as it never goes over 80 degrees it 's great .
 I got product in hopes of not having to go online every morning and seeing what the days high and low temp . would be BUT the product has its own sensors that it uses to show weather temps and so far has a poor track record . I assumed the radio signal it received was for todays weather condition but the signal is for only auto clock setting and the time of todays sunrise and sunset which is a nice feature for daily walks . The prediction problem could be due to weather changes from global warming or just the local weather of where I 'm at but I would not recommend product if you live in San Antonio , TX
 Does n't work , do n't waste your time or money . I should have listened to the reviews . An empty tuna can works just as well
 I purchased this as a gift for my father . However , after several weeks of trying everything we can think of , it still does n't work . Trying to see if Amazon will take it back .
 I THOUGHT I WOULD LIKE A NICE ACCURATE DIGITAL WIRELESS RAIN GAUGE.WELL I WAS VERY WRONG !! THIS PRODUCT IS VERY INACCURATE , & I CONTACTED THE COMPANY TWICE ON THIS PRODUCT.FIRST I GOT AN E-MAIL ON SOME TROUBLESHOOTING IDEAS TO SOLVE MY PROBLEM , TRIED THEM ALL , NOTHING WORKED ... SO I CALLED AND TALKED TO A TECHNICIAN ... STILL DOES ` NT WORK ... WO N'T EVEN REGISTER ... ON MY READOUT !!! ALL I WANT IS MY MONEY BACK ... WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT -LRB- MONEY BACK GUARANTEE ? -RRB- THEY WANT ME TO SEND IT BACK -LRB- PAY SHIPPING COSTS -RRB- AND HAVE THEIR PEOPLE LOOK AT IT TO SEE IF ANY , DEFECTS ARE IN THIS UNIT ... OR SEND ME A NEW ONE ... WOW ... YOU FIGURE IT OUT !!!! I 'LL STAY WITH MY OLD-FASHIONED PLASTIC HANGING RAIN GAUGE ... MORE ACCURATE ... ALL I GET IS EXCUSES !! OR I 'M NOT INSTALLING IT RIGHT !!! BUYER BEWARE !!!!
 I bought this item as a gift . It worked great , and was very accurate . But it only worked for about one month . The receiver stopped working . My dad really liked it , so I guess I 'll have to buy another one that is more expensive . They get better reviews so maybe they 'll work longer .
 I really like the size of the rain collector versus other ones on the market as well as the indoor display . However , I can not keep the thing working . I contacted the company via email and received a quick response . After trying their suggestions , I would get it to work for a while , but it would usually have lines on the display by the next time it rained . I have the rain collector about 25 feet from the window where I have the display . It just does n't stay working . I have given up and have started looking for a new brand .
 This item started off badly by not syncing with the gauge when first purchased . There were no instructions in the user guide on what to do . I emailed the company and after a long delay they advised me to fully drain the display after removing the batteries and then replace the batteries to sync . This worked after a couple tries . However , when the batteries in the gauge died , the same thing happened after replacing the batteries ... display would not sync , even following the previous directions . Also the gauge did not weather well , with the plastic becoming hard and brittle . One of the side catches broke off when removing the cover and one of the latches on the battery cover snapped off when removed . So , this ones going in the trash after less than a year .
 The good news about this product
 Bought this item as a Christmas gift and it was returned . I 'm not sure exactly what was wrong but the person that received it did not like it .
 I have been using Amazon for along time , and everything that I have bought has been wonderful until I purchased this item . I guess I should have listened to other reviews for this product . I would NOT recommend this product to anybody . It worked one time , and then it did NOT work anymore . I sent the warranty to the company and it was returned to me with no address available for this company , I called the number in the booklet nobody would answer the phone and never called you back either after leaving a message . This thing has the Weather Channel Logo on the product and if I was the Weather Channel I would NOT even put my logo on this piece of Crap . People Please do NOT buy this product you will lose the amount you spent Plus the Taxes and its not worth the trouble . If I was Amazon I would NOT sell the item either . . Very disappointed , this was a Christmas present for my Dad . Never again will I buy from this company -LRB- La Crosse Technology -RRB- .
 Worked really well for seven months . Unit failed to be able to communicate with the sensor . Changed batteries in sensor the the base unit as instruction said . But still does not work . I gave it 2 stars because while it did work it was just what I wanted .
 I was never able to get this rain gauge to work . The receiver would not talk to the transmitter.The battery holder design for the transmitter is poor , the lid that holds them on is flimsy and unable to maintain electrical contact across the battery terminals . Do n't bother .
 Signal from unit has a hard time makeing 50 feet . Tried 2nd set of batteries hoping that was problem but no luck . And this is 50 feet line of site . When I put the receiver on other side of sliding door even the glass -LRB- still line of site -RRB- caused the signal to drop . Is great when it works . Tried a second unit same results . Stay away from this .
 After reading all the negative reviews on this I still ordered it because it looked like a nice unit . I have the same brand complete weather station that works fine.This unit did n't work at all out of the box similar to other reviews on this product.I do not recommend this rain gauge if you want reliability and something that worksThe only thing on my complete LaCrosse weather station that does not work is the rain gauge so I was buying this to replace it.I ended up ordering a tube type rain gauge and it works
 I have had and gifted La Crosse weather products for 20 years or so and have never had a problem till now.After fooling with this thing for three weeks I 'm tossing it.Display shows `` Low Batteries '' 3/4 of the time , even with dozens of battery changes , and when not that the receiver will not pick up a signal.I 've tried everything I know , followed every direction , even tried a few mods suggested here.Nothing worked . A great disappointment from La Crosse .
 Piece of junk . Sometimes in Phoenix it goes several months between rains . By the time it was obvious it did not work , it was out of the warranty/exchange period.It has a teeter totter device with a magnet or piece of steel that passes by a sensor . It did not register until I filed the pivot to move it closer to the sensor.To reset the device takes a marathon removing and installing batteries until it is finally happy.After all that , compared to a wedge style , `` it rains and fills up the gauge '' , the device reads 1/3 to 1/2 less than the actual rain fall.Its present reading is .23 inches , that rain fall was actually .48 inchesMy other weather instruments are Oregon Scientific , it is my fault not sticking with them for a rain gauge.rll phx az
 This was a present for my husband for Christmas . He set it up on Boxing Day and a week later it stopped working . He has had rain gauges before and knows how they work . This was a dud . And the return by date has expired -LRB- I bought it in November -RRB- so it seems I can not get my money back or a replacement from Amazon . I am very disappointed .
 Over a period of time , my wife has always demanded that she be able to measure rainfall . Each and every time , my transmitter unit will fail in 20-30 weeks . I guess this unit ca n't simply tollerate the South Carolina hot sun . My THIRD LaCross transmitter has now failed . I GIVE UP ON THIS PRODUCT . . !
 Had this for over three months now and constantly have to remove and reinsert batteries to make it work . Then usually only works a for a while . When it rains then it reads nothing until you have to go out in the rain to reset it again ... even at 10 feet from the house . If it cost more I 'd probably go to the trouble of returning it , but I think i will have more satisfaction just smashing it with a hammer !
 The rain gauge that I received did not work at all . I returned it and had no problem doing that . I will probably get another one at a later date . I have had the same product before and it worked , so this particular one must be a ` lemon ' .
 I bought this unit to replace an Oregon Scientific unit which I really liked , but it finally died after about 5 years and is no longer available . From the start this unit was trouble . It would not transmit anywhere near the published distance . When I would get it to work , it would work for awhile , then lose reception . I finally located it about 20 ft from the receiver . Accuracy is very poor . It is lucky to measure half the rainfall compared to a manual rainfall gauge . Also , you frequently have to clean spiders out of it . It finally quit working after 8 months . -LRB- Yes the batteries are fresh and the spiders are cleaned out . -RRB- I get 0.00 but it will not measure . I have considered sending it in under the warranty , but since I do n't like it anyway , why waste the postage ? I think it is going to end up in the recycling bin with other electronic trash .
 Do not waste your money . Very cheaply made . I have been putting batteries in this thing now for two years . Now it does not work at all . Junk
 A friend bought one of these . He loved it and recommended it to his friends . I and 8 others bought it . 6 months later none of them worked . Hours were spent on the phone with LaCrosse . Some sent the unit back . The returned unit did not work . Do not buy this rain gauge . You would love it if it was reliable , but it is not . DO NOT BUY THIS.I converted mine to a wired rain gauge with a USB interface to my computer . The little `` see-saw '' sensor is a clever idea . If you are interested in how to do it , email me . joe@n4yg.com
 Right out of the box this unit did not work and still has not worked . I would not recommend it to anyone
 I bought this product and had a real problem getting it set up . The receiver screen would only display dashes for the first 11 times I installed , uninstalled and reinstalled the batteries . It worked one time and has never worked since -LRB- 2 months -RRB- . I tried calling the 800 number listed in the instructions 5 times and once I let it ring 60 tomes and no one ever answered . Do n't buy it !
 This did not work out of the wrapper.I received this as a door prize and got what I paid for nothing .
 Purchased one unit and could only get it to work for brief periods . I returned the unit and was sent a second product . The second one did n't work at all ! Save your money and get a manual gauge .
 First one stopped working after 3 months . Thought I would try a new one -LRB- yes , it was silly -RRB- . It did n't work from day one . I have decided to go with the manual method of putting a visual guage on the wall and walking out to look at it . Quality is not there .
 purchased this along with an old fashioned gauge after my old one broke . Found this to be extremely inaccurate . Would not recommend .
 I have two other rain gauges , both the old tube type , sitting right next to this model La Crosse and it has never indicated the same reading as the other two old types that always read the same . My neighbor has this model too and he has the same problem , no accuracy . Do n't waste your money , stick to the old tube types as there is a reason they are still around , they work .
 i am totaly disapointed with this product i got it in jan. of this year and so far the clips holding it together have both broken off . i have had to replace the batteries 3 times and everytime you change the batteries you loose all inforation as there is no memory . total waste o money
 I bought the weather station first . Everything worked fine except the rain gauge . I sent it back and they sent me a new one . That did n't work either . I like the rest of the system , so I just bought a new rain gauge . Still does n't work , even when the rain gauge is right next to the receiver . Garbage .
 Small wonder that this product has so many one-star ratings and is offered at such a reduced price . It just does n't work -- after twice following directions with fresh batteries . I have successfully set up wireless rain gauges in the past , so can not attribute this failure to mechanical challenges . I spent at least an hour , and tried calling the contact number -- NOT toll-free -- put on hold after the laborious menu for seven minutes , and then a robotic voice offered to take my name and number . Very , very poor service , considering LaCrosse Technology 's respectable history . If ever the advice `` buyer beware '' should apply , this is it . Do n't waste your time , energy , or money in trying to acquire what should be an attractive gift or personal gadget .
 I recieved this rain sensor for Christmas . I tried for 2 weeks to set it . Sent several emails to the company for help and did not get a response . They do not have an 800 number . I sent the product back to Amazon . I had to give it one star rating since there is nothing less .
 I find this rain guage to be not user friendly . I had trouble getting accurate readings from the time I first started using it . Reaching help by telephone is difficult ; often there is no one to answer the phone . When I have found someone on the other end of the phone they have been helpful , but the information they give should be in the instruction manual . The instruction manual needs to be more thorough in order to explain all the possibilities of what can go wrong and how to deal with these situations .
 My Oregon Scientific rain guage that I had for several years died . I read reviews on another website praisingLa Crosse producs . I ordered this one from Home Depot last week and received it yesterday . After numerous attemptsto follow the limited instructions in the manual and more of the same from their customer `` support '' agent I am returning it to La crosse and have entered a claim with Paypal for a full refund from Home Depot . I will order the Oregon Scientific unit from Amaxon . A lesson learned . I wish I had seen the reviews here first .
 The batteries for the outdoor part of the rain gauge are in a plastic box with a long , somewhat rectangular lid that holds on by two small clips , arranged at the very ends . If only they had used more than two clips or put them on the long edges rather than the small ones , it might have worked . But as it is , the lid bends because the first , positive-side-up battery pushes it out too far to meet the negative-side-up battery right beside it . You can solve this with a bit of tape at the contact or tape to hold the lid down -LRB- or both -RRB- . But it really could n't have been much more idiotic considering how simple this device is . I kept it because I do n't know where I put it 's box , but I would n't buy it again ; a plain old rain gauge works just as well for me really .
 This item belongs in the garbage bucket ! We do n't always get rain in Fl . in the winter . But the one we got in mid January was a gully washer and my gauge did nothing.Brought in house tried removing/replacing batteries and tried again under tap in sink 3 ' apart ... . Still nothing . On it 's way back . Cheap yes , but if it does n't work what does that say ?
 I bought this and installed it as directed . I have two other remote sensing systems from this company that have worked well but this gauge never worked.I think it is DOA . I have followed all of the trouble shooting advice to the letter , bought two sets of new batteries , and emailed tech support . They just emailed the same trouble shooting tips back to me and then went silent.Getting a bad sensor is annoying but having the company that markets it ignore the problem and refuse to back their gear means that I switch to Oregon Scientific .
 This device is inaccurate by exactly 50 % . I have checked it several times against a conventional rain guage , and I have to double its readings to get accurate information . I do not like that , and hope to find out how to correct it . Meanwhile , I can not recommend this rain guage .
 I installed the guage according to directions , level and away from any obstructions , and it regularly reports rainfall up to 50 % less than the tube gauge that sits beside it . And the innaccuracy is not even consistent , so I ca n't apply a correction . I would not buy this gauge again and do n't recommend it .
 I bought this on a close out sale at Lowe 's , I should have read the Amazon reviews first . This unit worked for a grand total of one day of rain and then croaked . I have replaced batterys , re-set it and no luck . I e-mailed La Crosse , and nothing . I have been more than happy with other La Crosse products but if this is their level of customer service , I will have to think twice before using them in the future .
 I had an older model LaCrosse wireless rain gauge that quit working after about 7 years . I chose this one because it had almost instant readout , and was endorsed by the Weather Channel . It was supposed to gauge rainfall to .01 of an inch , did n't happen , varied all over from .01 to .05 each time the bucket emptied . I wo n't waste the time or money to return it .
 I have had trouble getting the rain gauge to work . I 've installed new batteries , and finally , by pushing down on the battery pack , got the remote to work . However , as soon as I installed it outside , it quit working again . I have called the companyand left a message , but no one has returned my call . I typed an email message to thecompany asking for help , but no one has answered that email yet .
 Worked o.k. for about a month , then quit . Display reads 0.00 and wo n't register even when the gauge is manually activated .
 It 's been 5 weeks since I recieved my splitter . Unfortunately the bags of hardware needed for assembly were missing from my shipment , causing a one week delay . Finally , after a multi-hour assembly , the Honda engine started perfectly , but the splitter would not move . After many hours on the phone with the manufacturer , I was told to tow the splitter to the nearest engine/tool shop 15 miles away . There it sits , 2 weeks and counting.Understandably , they work on their own stuff first . The is awful . My advice ? Buy local .
 I assumed that buying this thing from you would be painless . It was delivered two days late and needed 5 hours of hard work to assemble it . When I got it working , it leaked so much oil from the control valve that I could n't use it . Northern replaced that valve for me which took me another three hours to do as well as oil spilled . With some wood , it won.t split and the geomitey of it will not allow it to be set up without jacks or other forces.I am generly unhappy with this purchase and wish that I had never done it
 Got tired of lookin ' at all the telephone poles foulin ' up my view of beloved Skunk Holler , so me and the relatives pooled our pennies and got this log splitter -LRB- NORTHSTAR HORIZONTAL/VERTICAL LOG SPLITTER - 22-TON , 5 HP -RRB- . Heck , took some 12 hours to assemble , and even then , Cousin Buford had half a dozen bolts and seven washers left over -LRB- plus we had done used all of our electrician 's tape -RRB- . Well , we fired up that Honda GC engine , and she came to life like a saber-toothed tiger ... and lurched like one , too . The exclusive Northstar 4-way wedge sure made an interesting addition to Uncle Hiram 's garage door , I 'm tellin ' ya . -LRB- What 's left of it . -RRB- So we towed this puppy to the first telephone pole and launched that ram force of 22 tons . But wait . The log has to actually be lyin ' on the ground ? Well , forkle , that 's no good . So we just got Cousin Luther 's pole axe and had them unsightly poles down in no time ; trouble is , now we ca n't call to return the log splitter -LRB- NORTHSTAR HORIZONTAL/VERTICAL LOG SPLITTER - 22-TON , 5 HP -RRB- . Who knows ? Maybe this splitter just do n't like guys named D. -- D. Mikels , Esp .
 I liked the idea of this feeder . When I put it up I did not get many customers . The birds liked the other feeders I had up . Would not recommend this item for purchase to anyone .
 I had the Garden song bird feeder about 1.5 weeks and I found the entire content of seed on the ground one morning . Squirrels had clawed and bit through the detented thumbhold pryer spot and pulled the top away tearing the plastic . I now use the feeder using several layers of duct tape around the whole circumference . Product testing was not done or done sketchily , squirrel proofing should be gauranteed . Why not thread the top on to the bottom , or hold it together with plastic clamps ?
 At first , we loved this bird feeder too . It 's everything the other reviewers say it is . However , a squirrel in our tree has figured out if he `` dives '' down on the feeder , the top-lid will jar loose and the seed will go all over the ground.If you even * think * you have squirrels , please consider getting another feeder . Otherwise , this product is great .
 I thought this would be a little higher quality for the price . The plastic is very thin . I would compare the clear plastic to that of a soda bottle . I guess I 'll see how well it holds up to the New Hampshire winter . I 'm impressed that even though it 's full of about 3 lbs of seed , the little hanging cable did n't break even with 8 '' of snow on top of it . I bought a second feeder which is mostly metal at Lowes for similar money .
 Nothing really wrong with the feeder -- easy enough to fill and hang , but it 's pretty flimsy plastic , and the clever squirrels actually gnawed through the plastic . It pretty much was good for one use .
 Do not buy if you have squirrels . The squirrels ate mine up in less that a week . Its all plastic and sucks . Guess it would be ok if you do not have any squirrels .
 Do n't be mislead with the headline AquaSurge 5000 in the real world it performs like a 3,000 pump . It is a bait and switch tactic to make you think you are getting a pump that delivers 5,000 GPH
 After 3 cans , I STILL HAVE A FLEA PROBLEM . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY . . John
 I have used foggers and more foggers and more foggers in my battle with fleas . We used these in our basement that has sticky tile/brick flooring . We are having trouble with new eggs hatching , and the regular foggers from the stores were n't cutting it . So I spent a ton of money on these egg killing foggers . Well , they did a good job of killing whatever was alive , but the same day I had more fleas , and weeks later I still have fleas . It did n't get to the eggs . Maybe due to the little cracks in between the tiles . But before I 've set off foggers I 've bleached and mopped the floor , hoping they 'd kill the eggs , and I 've fogged 4 times . Nothing has completely worked . We 've finally dwindled the flea population to about one or two new arrivals a day . But , maybe more , my poor cats were taken over by them . They could be harboring all the fleas I have n't seen.I 'm just disappointed that this product did n't do what it was supposed to do .
 Did not lay completely flat ... and after the first snow , a light shaking to remove the snow caused the backing to crack.Not the same quality as the old astroturf products . Not suitable for cold climates for sure .
 In general I prefer electric trimmers to gas ones . I do n't mind the cord , and they are cleaner and quieter than other styles . I 'm looking for a new trimmer - different brand . I used a Weed-Eater brand trimmer for years , and was very happy with it . After losing that one , I bought this one ... mistake ... I have used this one for about a year - moderate use in a small suburban Texas yard . It worked well with the original spool . I have fought with the spool & string repeatedly since then . When it is time for a change , the entire mechanism gets stuck together to the point of being unworkable -- will not budge . Screwwdrivers and channel-locks only scrape up the spool worse . The long plastic bar broke in half yesterday when I tapped it on the ground to let out some more line - really cheap construction . Will never buy Toro again .
 It 's incredible the amount of time I waste manually feeding out the string on this trimmer because the spool becomes essentially frozen . Factor in 20 to 30 minutes per lawn cut wasted just manually feeding out the string . Then there is the string guide , which is a separate item from the spool head and so falls out . Mine is lost . That makes the spool even more disfunctional . Toro should be ashamed to put this product on the market .
 It 's simple enough for a string trimmer - until you have to get the spool out . Then just throw it in the garbage and buy a new one , because the whole mechanism is frozen . I 've only used it three times . Buy another brand , you might have better luck .
 I wanted a small , lightweight trimmer , since I ca n't manage a large heavy one . This trimmer did the trick until the second time I tried to use it , and I ran out of string . The cap is completely stuck , and nothing I did budged it . I thought it was just my arthritic hands , but a quick internet search revealed that big strong men have the same problem , so I must conclude that it 's the trimmer , not me . Toro 's customer service is , of course , closed on weekends , so I guess I 'll throw it away and get out my hand clippers . Total waste of money . I guess I 'll scratch Toro off my list for yard tools .
 Bought for the Toro name . Threw out due to the smoke from the motor . And as other have stated the line feed is a nightmare .
 Spool jammed , and a slightly brisker tap to dislodge it shattered the cheap , plastic shaft . The spool would n't dislodge even with a screwdriver . Garbage .
 Besides having to manually re-feed the string every 2 minutes , the handle snapped from the trimmer on the second use . Into the garbage it goes , along with my $ 40 . Its true that you get what you pay for , however , I would expect a little more durability than less than an hours use out of it . Avoid this trimmer and spend a little more for a more durable brand
 Our fleas must be super fleas , because nothing outside of Borack acid will kill them.I did follow the directions , but within five days the fleas were back with re-enforcements .
 Used as directed -LRB- actually used more than was necessary for our square footage -RRB- and literally got swarmed with fleas when we returned home . It was like nothing had happened .
 We have tried using this product twice in the past month . First we did about 6 or so foggers . Following procedures for square footage , and returning the next morning.This time we used nearly a dozen foggers . Far exceeding square footage recommendations . We did this right before we left for vacation . Our hope and expectation was to come home to a cleansed house , or at a bare minimum a significantly less flea ridden house.Instead , we returned to a nightmare . Where we used to have the constant occasional flea hopping on us . We now found ourselves covered in fleas . Within the first five minutes of arriving home nearly every family member was coveredin 2 dozen fleas . Rather than killing the fleas , it would seem the fogger fed them and turns a flea problem into a plague.My family would not have been able to sleep last night except for our using personal DEET based insect repellent . And that 's not an option we can use every day . We are living in a nightmare ... This after spending hundreds of $ $ $ on these foggers . Either these foggers are ineffective or we have some mutant zombie resistent strain of flea.I will be calling Johnson & Johnson regarding a refund on this product .
 I bought this for my basement - which is not that big . This did n't seem to do anything - had a spider 3 feet from the fogger and it did n't phase him . I would not buy this product again , seemed to have no effect .
 We set off the full package -LRB- three foggers -RRB- in our basement and let it sit for six hours . Upon our return we were immediately beset by fleas . There 's no evidence that a single one had died . Apparently , many flea populations have developed resistance to permethrin , which is the only active ingredient in this fogger.Look for a fogger that contains various agents , so you will have a better likelihood that one of them will work . Also , look for a product that has an IGR -LRB- Insect Growth Regulator -RRB- as it will also kill eggs and larvae -- permethrin alone will not do this.Finally , permethrin is reasonably safe for dogs and humans , but pretty dangerous for cats , so if you have cats you may want to avoid permethrin-based products altogether .
 I had previously used this product many years ago and I remembered it to be very effective . It 's supposed to burst into a cloud of white smoke a few minutes after you place it in the water cup.The product I received 3 days ago from Amazon -LRB- from Markson Supply -RRB- which I used today did not do that . There was just the tiniest wisp of smoke which left a thick gel on top of the can . I seriously doubt any bugs were killed today.There was no expiration date on the packaging so I could n't really tell how old this stock is.I 've had many satisfying purchases from Amazon . This is definitely not one of them .
 This stuff seems to work OK with most bugs but is worthless for fleas and some kinds of spiders . I recently moved into a house that had been empty for over a year and the place was literally crawling with spiders . This fumigator killed some , but left more than a dozen black widows living happily near the ceiling . I used a bug spray to knock them down.My dog brought in some fleas and we soon had an infestation . Six fumigators later we still have LOTS of fleas . I finally had to get an exterminator to kill the fleas in the house . A flea bath and a collar fixed up the dog .
 I miss my little , old weber ! This Meco 2000 has no vent holes in the bottom , no lower grill on which to rest the coals , & no LID !! I thought it would be a larger version of the little weber but it 's not . Unfortunately , I was very disappointed & should have just bought another weber .
 Let me start by stating that AMAZON has been absolutely wonderful about this issue and this is NOT MEANT TO BE ANY REFLECTION ON AMAZON OR THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!! However , The Meco company is HORRIFIC and in my honest opinion unscupulous and stands as an example of what customer service SHOULD NOT BE . I ordered this product for my mother for Mother 's Day . She was very excited about it and was anxious for its ' arrival . That soon ended when the product showed up . The box looked as if it had been dropped kicked off of the back and truck and was held closed by a single piece of very thin clear wrap . Although it was missing the instructions , it was very obvious that she had received two top portions instead of a top and bottom . She called for the instructions and to ask for an exchange -LRB- just send a bottom and she would return a lid , she suggested -RRB- . ABSOLUTELY not without a receipt was the response . My mother explained it did not have one when it arrived and then Judy extremely condescendly asked how she would know had two lids if she had not received the instructions !!! My mother rebutted that she could physically tell it was not correct and asked them why she would be calling for instructions and one piece of a product , if they had n't shipped the product . They were rude and condescending to my mother and she ended up in tears . I called them a few days later to attempt to resolve the matter , thinking perhaps the CR was having a bad day . NO ! I was insulted , accused of everything but theivery and eventually hung up on . My mother ended up calling Amazon who sent a replacement out to her today w / no charge . If it had not been for them , I would be out the 80 + dollars and my mother would still be disappointed . My advice-Unless you can verify that Amazon has a replacement for this product , be ready for the potential to lose your money and your mind !
 The way the cover fits into the bottom of the grill means you have to cover this or it will be full of water every time it rains . We 've had this nine months and you constantly have to jiggle the control part to keep the thing from shutting off . I 've had other Meco electric grills for the past 25 years and they 've been great . This one is not .
 Well , the first test run with this little baby had me sold on electric grills , after years and years of charcoal -LRB- first -RRB- then propane -LRB- most recently -RRB- . I loved the small footprint and the ease of use . However , the power supply unit has gone completely dodgy after only two grilling sessions , and I 'm hoping Amazon can send us a new one that is more reliable . Otherwise , this will end up being a waste of money . Let 's hope Amazon can make good on its `` excellent customer service '' promises .
 This came late and was damaged in shipment . I did not even use it once , so do n't want to offer a review .
 I was really excited when I found an eletric grill as we can not have gas or conventional grills at our condo . I tried it the first night we got it and it was a bust . I gave it a few more tries and felt it was not worth the time and effort for `` fake '' grilling . I was happy to find another grill that is made by Char-Broil that is electric and infrared . It is a great option and the food grills very well on it.Luckily Amazon was great about returns and got my money back instantly !!!! I would n't waste my time on the Meco/Aussie lock and go grill .
 I tried to order this item . Problem # 1 there is no place on the order to put in your personalization . Problem # 2 when you call Silvo directly to give them your personalization they ca n't find the order . Even though the order has been charged to the bank card . Was told to call back . Ended up cancelling this order and will never order from these people again .
 I would have liked to have had the size specified before I bought this sign , as I wanted it to put on the road to remind people to slow down for cats crossing . Apart from that , it looks like a lovely sign , but it is over a month since I ordered it , and it feels like it was ordered so long ago I have given up on it.It has n't arrived yet .
 This grill came damaged . I tried customer service and no luck . Also missing parts.Also has holes in the bottom that leak ash all over .
 I purchased these based on the rave reviews . Waste of money . First , they are made of very thin plastic and are too flimsy . Second , the little elastic band is a pain to put on every time you drop the rake to use them . Basically , it feels like you are using two plastic coffee can lids with pieces of elastic for handles .
 I fill about 20 large bags with leaves each fall , so I think I 'm qualified to judge this product . In my opinion , it 's not the best tool . Too much bending over . I 've solved this problem by using a rake and a snow shovel . The snow shovel makes a great , large `` dust pan '' and I can just pick up a bunch of leaves between the rake and the shovel , hold the leaves there with the rake , and lift it right into the bag . No bending whatsoever . The snow shovel I use is the hard plastic kind - metal would be too heavy - but it 's plenty sturdy and large enough to hold a huge amount of leaves in one swoop . I also press the leaves way down in the bag with the edge of shovel , turning it a little each time to get all the leaves down to the bottom . This is so sturdy that I also pick up heavy chestnuts from a tree I have . The best part is the no bending down - this has saved my back . I do use a flexible insert to hold the bag open at the start , and just pull it up and out when the bag is filled . The shovel also allows me to rake up just a few leaves , so I 'm down to the bare lawn in a jiffy . This method has made it so easy that I now actually enjoy raking leaves on a nice fall day . And the shovel did n't cost me any extra , since I already had it here for snow .
 Yea these are great for picking up leaves but these so called `` claws '' suck for anything else . I expected these to be more versatile and bear-like . All you high raters , i bet you did n't even try to use these `` claws '' to eat . it made a total mess . And has anyone tried to fight off animals ? I did n't think so . these claws are to wimpy to maul anything . Even the less animalistic uses of claws are pathetic , i looked like i let a half-blind clown put on my make-up and do n't even get me started on the shredded toilet paper , going to the bathroom was a nightmare . while showering i juggled the soap and things got so slippery i almost fell , then i ended up stabbing it while trying to pick it up and could n't get the soap off my claw for hours . For breakfast i attempted to eat toast but could n't get it out of the toaster , then trying to get the milk out of the fridge ... well lets just say it 's full of holes and leaking everywhere , these claws make poor cups anyway . forget trying to drive , good luck even picking up the keys , i was stranded for hours and could n't even pick up my phone to make a call.so yea i guess if all you want to do is pick up some lame leaves they are great but anyone wanting a more realistic claw experience needs to shop somewhere else .
 So close to being a good product , but misses . A good concept , poor execution . They work fairly well on dry leaves , but not much else . Wet leaves , pine straw or cones , hedge trimmings , grass clippings ? These are just too lightweight to do the job . Others have mentioned the cheap elastic , which adds to the overall disappointment .
 The Product review paragraph states `` has folding legs for easy storage '' . This is not true . Storage space was an issue for us , ergo we gave it a rating of 2 . There are other Stainless Steel Leg And Wing Racks available for around the same price that I would have purchased . Other than that , all is good . I am rating the product not the concept .
 Even with the lowest volume tip it put out too much material for me . Might be ok for decks but wastes too much for outdoor furniture .
 Fantastic product - but the steel is so soft and weak , the tines bend easily with normal use around the house . They need to use a stiffer alloy to make this product .
 The design is fine , in terms of the prong location and angle ... but there are two serious problems with this :1 . The handle slips off and so you have to push it back down all the time .2 . The prongs bend very easily ; so far , I can just bend them back into place with a pair of pliers , but at some point , they are just going to fall off . This is only about 2 months old , and I just use it on regular soil with a moderate amount of small rocks . Doing that , I 'll have to unbend the prongs after maybe 20 minutes of use.There 's surely a better weeder product out there .
 I just started using this tool and found the forks bending as well as the trowel . I will never endorse or purchase this line of tools again .
 It is fairly heavy , but that 's not the problem . The problem is that the cover on the handle slides off so easily that it 's impossible to do any work with it . Plus the ` hoe ' part of it is smaller than in similar products . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the ` weed pulling ' end of it works pretty well .
 To heavy . Handle is a pipe . I bought this and the tiller . Well made it is however you would have to be in great shape to really work with it . Older people like to garden to . This is not for arthritics , give us a break .
 My older Meco grill was built much better than this one . There is alot thinner metal on this new grill . It is not as sturdy and the metal gives more . It is alot lighter than my older one . It cost twice as much as my old one but , it was made alot cheaper . It is hard telling how long this one is going to last . Keep this in mind if you want to buy one of these . I was very disappointed with this grill .
 The cover sticks and it is very flimsyNot made up to par for a Medco grillHave had better service out of Meco grill products
 I bought this grill last year , am 65 and have no kids around to blame what happened on anyone but the manufacturers . I bought this already assembled at Home Depot , just 13 months later , just as I dumped 3 lbs of glowing-hot coals into it , the whole thing collapsed . Fortunately , I did n't get hurt . While it looked almost as good as new , but for a 12 '' square of rust , both rivits at the base of the grill itself , in the area which holds the wheels in place , failed simultaneously . If there were children about , or I was barefooted , there would have been injuries . When I called Meco to explain what happened , all they were concerned with is the guarantee is for just 12 months , and did n't want to even take down the details on what could have been a catastropic accident . They just did n't care . I would n't buy another product made by Meco , because of the dangerous engineering , as well as it is far too much money to spend on a grill that would last only a single season .
 I read the numerous reviews with paticular regard to the lack of locking nuts but took a chance and ordered it figuring that -LRB- a -RRB- they would have rectified this problem by now -- 11/2010 -- or -LRB- b -RRB- Amazon would have stopped selling a product they know to be defective . A 20-minute call to Meco may have resulted in my receiving the missing parts , or not . Other reviewers were correct -- the instructions were virtually worthless . Given that these were not her issues , my wife used it last night and loved it -- but I get to do the reinstall if and when -LRB- 2 weeks -RRB- the missing parts arrive , so I ca n't recommend this otherwise satisfactory item or similar grills , and Amazon should stop selling them .
 2 years ago I bought a grill that looks almost like this one at Walmart -LSB- ... -RSB- for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- but mine has a side shelf and a front condiment holder and it has > 200 sq inches more cooking space on it . Why on earth would anyone spend $ -LSB- ... -RSB- on this one ? Mine still cooks great meals on it . I love Amazon but you have to shop around before making your final purchases in this economy .
 I 've purchased this model grill three time before from regular retail stores and loved them . After first use of this one , I discovered the lid was dented so badly that the smoking function was lost . The front legs were so much shorter that grease from cooking all flowed out the front bottom . If I had discovered the damage before using , I might have bothered to try and re-pack and sent it back . Will get another , but not from Amazon .
 I got this grill in March . It worked well until July . Now it wo n't get hot enough to cook anything . What a disappointment !
 I had two chief criteria for purchasing this grill
 What a bad investment we made in our Meco Table Top Grill . It does not get hot enough to sear the meat . Grill looks good but hardly works . We have tried pre-heating for 30-40 minutes but that does n't help anyone except maybe the electric company . We do not recommend it . The company has no suggestions and we ca n't return it because we did not keep the box !
 Unit does not get hot enough to cook big steaks -LRB- 1.5 inch , 1 pound -RRB- well unless you like well done and are willing to wait a long time to cook it . We live in a condo and ca n't do charcoal or propane , so this electric is the only viable alternative . It 's definitely marginal !!
 I should of read these reviews before buying . Most about current quality are spot on . New 1 is so flimsy compared to my old 1 . Much cheaper quality !!!
 Day 3
 Meco grills are great . Amazon sold me a series 4100 model 4106 . sent a model 4100 -LCB- no side tables -RCB- . I have no problem with Meco . Huge problem with Amazon . My first and last purchase from Amazon . Take my name off your email list .
 I like this grill . It has an adjustable grate and a removable ash pan . The down side is that the manufacturer decided that it would only furnish stove bolts and nuts for assembly . The hinges and `` air-sliders '' require acorn , or locking , nuts . I called the customer service number in the manual and was told that theydecided to eliminate the locking-style nuts , but assured me that they would send me the 13 nuts that I needed . That never happened , so I had to buy my own and ended up double-nutting the bolts that require movement . I 'd have given 5 stars , because it is a real nice , value-priced grill , but the customer service/engineering fell short .
 I do n't want to mail back the entire item , but there seems to be no other way to correct missing assembly pieces . There are no acorn locknuts -- listed as included parts and needed for assembling the grill . We 're going to buy the 13 needed locknuts instead of mailing back the whole thing , waiting for a new one , and probably ending up with the same diminished set of parts . So far we 're really disappointed because instead of being able to build and use it when it arrived , it 's sitting in pieces on the floor waiting for us to go out to a hardware store .
 I am very disappointed with this grill . After it taking forever to put together ... I was impressed with the look BUT after I BBQ for the family for Easter the paint has started to peel off the bottom of the grill . I have never experienced this with any grills and I purchase a new grill every year . I would advise another brand name and staying away from the cheaply made Meco Series . If the bottom falls out I will be returning it because I paid way too much for this grill for it to look ugly after the first use . Very disappointed ... especially during a Holiday
 I live in an apartment and I am an AVID griller so I needed to go electric to keep grilling . This was the first electric grill I ever bought . It cooks great but I have burned up 2 heating elements in just around 2 years now and thinking of trying some other electric grill now instead of spending the $ 49 for another heating element .
 It had to be assembled which I did not like . After it was assembled , it was very flimsy and cheap . I should have sent it back . The silver grate that goes on the inside was buckled and did not fit correclty . It fits very loosely . Also the grate where the electric plugs into fits loosley . The whole thing is very cheap and I feel that I wasted $ 75 . Should have bought a George Foreman .
 For over 30 years we have used Mcguire bamboo rakes to move tons of oaks leaves in our yard . Usually , they would last through one fall and the following spring . This year the new rake broke during the first use . Superficially the rake looks like Mcguire rakes have always looked . However , all the materials are cheaper , the bamboo is too thin to move leaves , the metal holding the rake together is not strong enough to hold the rake together , etc. etc. . My husband took pieces off the old rake to rebuild the new one . We are now looking for a real rake since Mcguires are no longer adequate . Preferably , something NOT made in China .
 I had one of these grills for 14 years and the bottom finally rusted through causing the need for replacement . Because of the features
 i buy one of these grills every 4-5 years . i really like the style and convenience of it . however this year meco has cut the quality . it rattles and the nuts and bolts fall off often having to be replaced . if you tighten them too much , they inhibit the operation of the lid ... shame on you meco ... i 'd rather pay a little more for the older quality ... good thing i still kept my old grill , which i use more than the new one
 Update ! - I finally gave up on the uneven cooking `` wimpy '' Meco grill , and gave it to Salvation Army!I ended up biting the bullet , and buying the GREAT Weber gas grill with THICK iron grates at HD!Wish I had done this years ago ! - It cooks sooo even , and No flareups -LRB- sheilded burners / less smoke than the Meco too ! Weber costs more , but supposedly lasts for years longer than el-cheapos ! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ I 'm `` REALLY ! '' in to a healthier lifestyle , and subscribe to `` several '' respected health e-zines .1 . 15 + years ago I read tests that charcoal BBQ 's , really put `` LOTS '' of very bad carciniogens into your meat ! 2 . So I went to a gas BBQ . Not as good tasting as charcoal , but `` SUPPOSEDLY '' healthier?NOT ! - Now I read tests that gas BBQ 's are little healthier than charcoal . The `` deadly '' carciniogens are in the drippings smoke - coming from the hot lava rocks below ! 3 . So I now go to the MECO electric grill.Pros-a . Healthier - as virtually no smoke -LRB- grill/elements are steeply slanted , and drippings collect in a handy pan under the grill -RRB- . b. No having to mess with expensive propane gas ... c. Well made , and sturdy.d . Low fire danger - Acceptable for most apartment complexes . ASK!e . Sears steaks well -LRB- preheat on high for 15 + min , and close lid FAST ! Requires a `` Heavy Duty '' electric outlet ! -RRB- . Cooks just as fast -LRB- or faster -RRB- than gas . BUT , `` NO ! '' BBQ taste ! You will probably need a marinade ... Good `` web search '' recipe I found for steaks...-I pre-mix & rub in , a blend of-salt -LRB- `` AlsoSalt '' - is very healthy and GOOD tasting ! -RRB- , black pepper , chili powder -LRB- all in equal parts ... -RRB- , and a little cayenne pepper . You can also add any other seasonings you like , to taste ... PAM makes a `` High Temp '' cooking spray , for the grill .
 I have owned this grill for a year and a half , , , I love the way it cooks ... as good as a gas bbq , , , , , BUT , , , , try to take it apart to clean ? Try to get the grease catcher to be in the right place ? Try to use the rotisserie , , , , IMPOSSIBLE ... To get the thing apart with the lousy foreign instructions to clean it you have to speak the language of STUPID . The directions make no sense neither does the diagram . The rotisserie instructions are even less helpful . And if you do succeed to get it apart and clean it completely putting it back together is next to impossible . So much so , I am afraid to use it because I know it will hold grease in the bottom of the unit unless you clean it each time which takes strong hands , two people , the patience of Job , and a weeks worth of prayers . . but it does cook fantastic ... I just ordered a different grill , no rotisserie , but it looks simple to clean and has 3 good reviews . What I will do with this one , most likely donate it . . and let someone else bother with it . IF the reviews for this one were truly honest , , they would tell you what I have , , , or maybe they do n't care about the possibility of a grease fire and just let it stay dirty . I ca n't do that , , , my son is a Capt with the fire department and he would n't be thrilled to have me burn the apartment building down ! PLUS it is hazardous to all our well being ... When they figure out how to clean this thing better it will be a great grill ... but I ca n't recommend this to anyone !
 WARPED ELEMENTS AND AFTER ABOUT 12 USES NO MORE HEAT . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY BUY THE WEBER ELECTRIC GRILL . MANUFACTURER IGNORED COMPLAINTS .
 Not a very sturdy tool . Mine broke after very little use.The shaft is flimsy and the hoe is secured very poorly . It broke with very light use and the handle split so far the hoe fell out . The end of the hoe that had been in the handle was bent.I would not recommend this tool to anyone .
 You can do better , disappointed with price to quality ratio . Flimsy I would send back but shipping cost make it not worthwhile . Also the box they shipped in was huge .
 I purchased this unit with expectations it would exceed the capability of my 6 year old Char Broil Patio Caddie . After three uses -LRB- salmon steaks , beef steak , hamburgers -RRB- I confirmed it was inferior in every way : - max interior temp was 75 degrees lower , thus much slower cooking . - shims were necessary to level the cooking surface . - a 15 inch high flame flare-up occurred while removing just two hamburgers . - cleaning the reflector plan was very difficult ; if not cleaned to bare metal the cooking temp would lower still further.Further , it took three communication attempts -LRB- fax , email , telephone -RRB- with Meco to evoke a response , which did n't address my questions.This unit is now for sale at the local Goodwill store and I am happily back with my well-built , dependable and safe Patio Caddie .
 This review is for the product pre-usage . I am not sure that I will be able to write a use-of review , as it 's unclear that we will be able to use it . About three hours into product assembly , it is still not put together . Step 9 - where you are required to hammer the wheels on - was especially problematic because of the odd fit of the pieces and the tight space in which we had to maneuver the hammer . While we got one wheel attached - using hammering techniques I simply would n't recommend - the other wheel now will not be attached until we order a replacement piece because in attempting to attach that wheel , we lost a crucial piece below a deck slat . In step 10 , when we went to attach the utensil hooks to the side tables , we found that 4 of the 6 holes were not drilled enough to actually allow us to screw the hooks in . For this step , we ourselves were able to improve the holes to allow for the hooks to be attached , but we should not have had to.Product assembly need not be so difficult . I have single-handedly assembled other grills in the past , and together we have assembled countless other pieces of furniture . These difficulties are not a result of user error . Rather , our problems come from poor product and part design . The wheels would have been more easily attached using a screw mechanism rather than the rod and cap mechanism they chose . The incomplete hook holes in the side tables were simply the product of poor workmanship . I am extremely disappointed with this purchase and would at least caution anyone who is considering buying this unit to take into account that the promised easy assembly is anything but .
 The grill is so close to the electric outlet below , and the temperature setting is vague
 Do n't buy this grill or the table top unit built like this , it will fail with time ! I have owned the table top unit for several years now and I am giving up on it forever . I have probably put four elements in the grill over the years -LRB- @ about $ 60 -RRB- . Eventually the element will burn out but not before the control unit has a loose connection and burns wires loose on the element . It happens every time ! I have been repairing the loose connection with some soldering effort to make the element last till burn out . No more . I am trying the charbroil patio model . The replacement elements are cheaper and I hope they do n't have a connection problem on the control unit . They could probably fix this engineering issue but prefer to keep selling replacement elements ! Do n't get me wrong , I have been using an electric grill since about 1990 . I love them when they work !
 I bought one of these grills around 2 years ago and use it sparingly at my lake house . I had been using another small electric grill from another manufacturer for around 10 years until it 's electrical element finally wore out . I had enjoyed using it a lot . I could not find a replacement element for it , so I decided to replace the grill . My choice was the Meco 9325 electric grill . The first thing I noticed after using it a couple times was the grill was almost impossible to clean . The way it is manufactured does not allow you to take it apart from time to time to clean it . The only thing you can do is burn off the debre which is not an easy thing to do . The grate the food sits on will easily burn off at high temperatures , but not so for the adjustable tray positioned slightly under the grate and heating element . It collects everything that drips off the food . I live in the deep South of Texas and it is very humid here . The collected debre has a tendency to get moldy as I ca n't get that bottom tray really clean by burning it off and it ca n't be removed without unbolting the heating element and first removing it . In short , the grill is not made to remove this drip tray . This alone has really turned me off to this grill . After using the grill only a few times the first year , the heating element failed . Around a year ago I invested in a new heating element . Guess what ? Around a year later , today , the heating element again failed ! This time my ground fault electrical system pops out as there is some kind of ground fault within the heating element . I tried the grill in another ground fault line and the breaker pops out in it to . I plugged the grill into a non ground fault outlet and the grill does indeed heat up , but there is a ground fault problem in the element to have it pop my ground fault breakers when I try to use the grill on one of those lines . The element is no longer safe to use . -LRB- I am very electrically knowledgeable and know what I am talking about -RRB- . During this last year , I probably only used the grill no more then 8 to 10 times . I have now decided to junk my Meco and buy someone elses electric grill . As a side note , I do own a few Weber and non Weber Bullet type smokers and even own a permanent gas grill . That said , I like to have a small electric outside grill handy for small quantity spur of the moment grilling and use it on an unfrequent basis . I have come to the conclusion my Meco is a piece of junk . I am going to buy someone elses product to replace my Meco . Do n't waste your money on this thing.Lee BahrHouston , Texas
 Grill is hard to assemble and even worse to use - the grate is way too close to the heating unit - worse grill we have ever had or used
 Moved into new town home October 2011 and purchased Meco electric grill in November 2011 . I was never able to easily clean the drip pan under the element . VERY POOR DESIGN . By December 2012 , just a few weeks after the one year mark , element stopped working . Called Meco and they were less than helpful and offered to cell me a replacement element for $ 49.95 plus shipping and handling . This this would have a mounted to approximately half of what I paid for it new , I declined . I found a local grill shop that had one in stock for $ 25.00 , so I bought that . Spent hours with my brother trying to remove old element -LRB- no easy feat -RRB- just to discover the wiring inside handle was carroded as well and gave up . Returned element and purchased another brand grill which will hopefully last more than one year . : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007XXNSQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I purchased this for my outdoor deck in the city due to restrictions on charcoal and gas grills . I am very disappointed in this one . It cooks very slowly . It takes a long while to heat up and takes time to cook everything . For example I put hot dogs on this and it took 20 minutes for them to cook . I could have cooked them faster on the stove . Speaking of the stove , this electric grill makes everything taste like it was cooked indoors on my stove . I guess that is what is to be expected and I should have realized an electric grill is the same as an electric fry pan . . but the fry pan is quicker . I have had this a month now and after using it 3 times I have retired it to the shed .
 Great little grill . The catch pan is cheaply made . A bucket would work better.Update
 Purchased my grill in April of this year , and used it 1/2 dozen times . The buildup from those few times was almost impossible to remove . Additionally , even while being covered , rust built up on some of the metal components . Lastly , it blew my fuse almost every time I used it . Just not a great experience.Looking to offload it . Better off bringing my kitchen-sized George Foreman outside .
 I bought this based on the reviews here . UN-fortunately , it just does n't get hot enough to sear meat or really `` grill '' in the traditional sense . If you want to roast a chicken or something , yeah , this 'll do it . But if you want grill marks on your steak it will be well done by the time that happens , and charing or blackening might take an hour and leave you with an extra-well done piece of shoe leather . I tried a 1.5 '' steak on the thing , got some meager grill marks on one side , flipped it , and by the time it was medium rare there were no grill marks on the second side , it was just grey . Prt of the problem may have been that I was trying to grill corn at the same time , and that further reduced the heat generated by the coils , so if you do want more significant heat you ca n't cook anything large or more than a small steak at one time . And then there 's the mess . Unlike an actual grill , all the oil and grease falls to the bottom and just sits there , it does n't burn off , so the grease trap in the bottom overflows and if you leave it outsoide the animals are all over this thing and chewing on the grease trap . Yuk . I tried using it with lava rocks and they just got gloppy , the heating elements just do n't make them hot enough to make cinders out of the stuff that falls on them . So instead of buying this you would really do better to just use the broiler in your oven . Like one of the other reviewers , I ca n't have a gas or charcoal grill where I live . Well , not supposed to . I think my next move will be a stealth grill - a table-top Weber and tank painted black that I can take back inside and let this one sit outside as my decoy grill .
 Pro
 I have two of these items . They start rusting immediately and are a mass of rust after a year outside . Only buy this if you want to replece it every two years !
 I 'm still getting used to electric grill after using natual gas weber for twenty some years . Ca n't get the charring that I like.It could use an metallic drip pan that could then be covered with foil .
 I am VERY dissapointed in this product . I 've had electric BBQ pits in the past and that 's why I bought this one ; however , it does n't compare to any previous ones I 've had . The element is not set in a position that will cook the meat properly .
 This grill is extremely poorly made
 This grill did n't even last 6 months before breaking down . It never did assemble very well ; cheap materials made for off-kilter alignment of lid to bottom so it would never close . Food slid off angled grill onto deck floor . I 'm going back to Patio Caddie , although I will likely get the Patio Bistro this time . The quality of construction comparison is hands-down in favor of the Patio Caddie model . I hope I 'm able to protect someone from a disappointing purchase thru this testimony .
 I bought this grill only because I live in a Condo which prohibits gas grills . It is essentially made from cheap stamped metal parts and is worth maybe $ 49 . The single main problem is it catches fire all the time . This grill does achieve much higher temperatures than other electric grills . It does so by putting a reflector pan about a half an inch below the electrical element . The juices are supposed to run across the reflector pan and drain into the botton of the grill . The problem is the pan heats to 600 degrees and is only a half an inch away from the element . Fat is not going to run across a 600 degree pan . It ignites almost immediatly . The only way to keep this thing from catching fire is to clean the pan thoroughly every time you use it . A very messy job ! The routisserie spit turns on a cutout in the thin metal . It scrapes like crazy ! For $ 200 they could have thrown in a cheap bushing like most grills have.There are rally no differnet cooking temperatures . The elemnet is controled by a simple thermostat . The element is either on or off . Sound familiar ? Yep ! THis thing is nothing more than an outdoor toaster oven ! It is now in the dumpster as the last time it caught fire the folks across from me called the fire dept. The Condo associaltion told them I must have a gas grill on my balconey because electric grills do n't catch fire . I had to let the fireman go onto my balconey to verify it was an electric grill . That was enough for me and into the dumpster it went !
 I WANT THIS TO SERVE AS A WARNING TO ANY BUYER CONSIDERING TO PURCHASE THE MECO ELECTRIC GRILL . THIS GRILL IS TOTALLY MISREPRESENTED AS AN OUT-DOOR COOKING GRILL AND DOES NOT HAVE SUFFICIENT HEATING ELEMENT TO GRILL ANYTHING ; IT MERELY BROWNS MEAT AND RESULTS IN AN AWFUL TASTE LIKE THE CHICKEN WAS BOILED . WHAT 'S WORSE , IS THAT WE HAD TO PAY TO SEND IT BACK . I WOULD NOT PURCHASE ANY MECO PRODUCT .
 waste of money i did not like at all ... the stick to make the rotisserie came damage . is hard to move arowm i t fall apart if you do . . not recomende
 I purchased this grill and it was very good for the first 15 months . The grill rotates to be a rotisserie as well . I rotated the grill to the rotisserie and the grill shorted out and is now a door stop . The grill is only warranted for 12 months so if you want a grill for longer , look for a different manufacturer . I would not recommend MECO as a company .
 The Meco 935W De Luxe Electric Cart Grill is touted to be easy to clean . It is not easy to clean , and it needs to be washed after every use , something not expected for an outside grill . The grease collects at the bottom and does not empty out efficiently . In addition , although so far I have only used the grill four times , the reflector metal pan is charred black . I would have to spend a week brillo'ing it , and it still would n't look clean . I am very disappointed and at least I should be able to get a new reflector pan . I ca n't speak for the rotisserie . I am so annoyed with the plain grill that I have n't tackled rotisserie . Nelida Bravo
 I bought the Series 9300-8 Electric Barbecue Grill.There is a reflector which is installed in the grill . It gets very cruddy with the drippings , etc. from what you are cooking.I am trying to order a replacement for this reflector . Good luck because you can only get it from Meco and they said it will take a good 5 weeks to receive one because they have not received their order from the factory . Ca n't get the part from any stores like Home Depot , etc. because they do n't sell them.The forecasting for their parts is horridendous !! Now I can not use the grill for half the month of July and possibly all of August.I would not buy another Meco Grill because of the problem trying to order replacement parts .
 If you 're going to put out such a poor quality product it would be better if you just passed . Materials are as cheap as you can get . Top of smoker does not fit securely . No integrity to retain smoke in smoker.The workmanship on this product is just awful . Really sucks !
 Not only is this a terrible product the company was even worse !! The product is poorly made and when I went to the company to see about exchanging it the customer service department asked where I bout it and as soon as I said amazon they told me `` sorry we wont help you then '' . Because this was a Christmas gift I had passed the return by date . The barrel of the smoker is mishappen . The lid does n't fit . The access doors are increadably difficult to open/close to the point that the ` handle ' for it broke off . I would say to go to walmart where you will get a better product for your money . At this point using a metal barrel would be a better option .
 I was unable to keep a constant temp because there is no damper on the lid . I had to use a stick to keep the lid open slightly . Took forever to cook ribs and chicken and they came out slightly dry because of no convection without the damper . Barrel section was dented also . Very cheap design , I would not recommend this item when there is so many better ones for a quarter of the price .
 1 . I received the `` bare bones '' model , with no rotisserie or window - as I ordered ! `` LONG WAIT ! '' , before they finally shipped it!Apology -LRB- nice rep from India -RRB- from Amazon & they will 2nd day me the proper model . NOT ! 2 . Again they send me the wrong model ! No satisfactory explanation or `` apology '' -LRB- rep from USA this time -RRB- ! They will not send me another one - return for refund.BAH HUMBUG!Not my first HASSLE with Amazon ! - They are REALLY slipping ! - Slow to ship items , then wrong ... ! Customer Service , was no help !
 I have the one with a window , HOWEVER , the grill has a SEVERELY STEEP incline and it is confusing to me why it is set up like that , it is not flat ... you have to be VERY careful so the food doesnt go and slip on the floor.I 'm just very confused about this grill and how someone made it .
 I PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT AS I WANTED SOMETHING TO USE ON MY DOG THAT WAS SAFE AND NATURAL TO KEEP MOSQUITOS , FLEAS ETC. . OFF HER . THE PRODUCT AD LISTING SAYS SAFE AND ALL NATURAL BUT WHEN I RECEVED IT AND READ THE LABLE IT HAD A WARNING TO KEEP AWAY FROM CHILDREN AND ANIMALS SO , I RETURNED IT AS I WAS NOT REALLY SURE IT WAS SAFE !
 This does not seem to work on my short haired dog . The spray nozzle also frequently `` sticks '' and I have to pry the lever bar out of the squirt nozzle with my fingernail . Very frustrating !
 My girls are still laying and digging in my flower bed as soon as the next day after I 've sprayed .
 I have owned a MECO Charcoal Water Smoker for over 10 years and wanted to replace it since the firebox and charcoal grate were wearing out from so many years of use . I used the smoker about once a week , 52 weeks a year for the 10 years I 've owned it and it 's held up very well.What a complete dissapointment my new Stainless water smoker is !!! Instead of improving on the fantastic unit that I purchased so many years ago , the new `` Upgraded '' Stainless model I recently purchased was a total dissapointment ! The `` fire box '' is simply the same as the water bowl ... Hey , MECO , that 's WAY TOO LIGHT a gauge of steel for a fire box . Also , it has no charcoal grate that the charcoal rests on . You just put the charcoal directly into the flimsy bowl -LSB- which is fine for holding the water ... but no way will it hold up to contact with burning charcoal . I 'm guessing it would burn through in a matter of months . Further , the firebox is no longer seperate from the body of the smoker , which was very convenient to start the charcoal or to take off the body while cooking to easily mess around with whatever you were cooking or refill the water bowl , add charcoal or whatever . Now , you 'll be leaning right over the fire while you attempt to do any of these operations ... BAH !!! Meco , what happened to your lovely , practical and reliable smoker ??? WHO changed the wonderful design of your fantastic product to turn it into a mere shadow of it 's former self ?? You force me to look elsewhere to replace your formerly great product!Regretfully , Bruce in Portland
 Yes , it sticks well , but the handle is junk . It came loose after only a few throws . SOG 's lifetime warranty does not include its Fusion line , which is warranted only for a year , and only IF you can produce the receipt . Who saves the receipts for a $ 25.00 tool ?
 This item broke after only a few uses . And now I ca n't figure out how to return it . That does n't seem quite right . : -LRB-
 I once bought this tomahawk from the SOG website a few years ago , it was excellent . This item however not only is poor quality but is not even authentic . The product does not bear the Fusion by SOG logo , is not the correct thickness and is not even FLAT . This piece wobbles like a playground see saw when placed on a table.I would not recommend this seller or this product to anyone ! This item is falsely advertised and is not authentic .
 Cheap workmanship but i was willing to live with that . It worked ok the first 3 or 4 times . The owners manual did say to put the thermostat to HIGH as a general cooking tip , this should have been a clue . After 3 or 4 uses i found it was taking longer and longer to smoke whatever i put in the thing . At this point I do n't think the thing is generating 150deg and as i am writing my family is starving while waiting for the ribs to finally become somewhat tender . I live in the Bahamas so outside temp . is not an issue , in fact i think if i were to remove the top my family would be enjoying our ribs sooner.I ca n't tell you what to buy , but I CAN tell you do n't buy this piece of Crap .
 I have had 2 of these smokers within the past 2.5 years . On both units , the adjustable power source broke within 1.5 years of purchase . On the first unit , the heating element that attaches to the power source was also ruined.The warrantee was 12 months from the date of purchase , and no luck with the manufacturer after that period -LRB- I called -RRB- . 50 dollars to replace the broken parts . I bought another unit instead , just 13 months after that , the adjustable power source has broken again . This unit was kept under a cover , indoors , when not in use.I love the ease of use of this smoker , and the final product it produces , it just does n't hold up .
 When I opened the box the smoker and lids were bent with no damage to the box itself . While attempting to assemble the base , I realized they had not cut out the rectangular hole for the heating element . I looked in the manual and was pleased to see a 24/7 customer support number . Wrong ! they are only open 8-5 . I called `` customer support '' the next day and explained the situation . I asked if they could send me out a replacement base . She refused to do that saying I had to ship the entire thing back to Amazon and get a replacement from them . This company does not stand behind their product and obviously has no quality control . They printed `` Made In America '' on the box . Have you no pride ? You should be ashamed of yourselves.On the upside , I called Amazon Customer Support , They shipped a new one which I received the next day free of charge . They also made it effortless to ship the old one back . The new one is also bent But I will live with it . Other companys should use Amazon as a role model for Customer Service . The bottom line is forget Meco , spend a bit more and get a Weber !
 I was happy with the smoker for only its first few runs , the 4th run , it stopped heating , so i unplugged the electric thermostat control prong only to find where it fits into the smoker had actually melted . the once shiny and straight metal prong had become deformed and the receptacle looked burnt out , the plastic around it had melted.A side note , the unit was bent in a few areas upon arrival to the extent that the cover did not fit on the smoker , i had to use pliers to bend the smoker in order to get the lid to fit , tho it never fit snugly.I 'm returning it tomorrow .
 This was easy and fun to assemble and the finished product is impressive , however , the electric element does not heat up -LRB- when the element control is plugged in -RRB- the red light on the control lights up , but no heat.I am thinking about having an electrician look at it , otherwise I 'll return it . Any suggestions ?
 Smoker came missing parts however after faxing in all paperwork to prove purchase they sent missing items out and received in a couple days . Real issue with the smoker is that it does not hold heat well . Took double the recommended time to cook . I have stopped using after a couple trys and now plan to sell at garage sale in the spring.I am disappointed with the product and would not recommend it if you decide to buy buy with low expextatations . The service with the seller was good and fast . I would work with this seller again . .
 Total wast of money . Will not heat up enough to cook anything unless you plan to cook it over the course of three to four days . Because the heating element it soo cheap and the fit of the rest of the smoker is loose - it will not hold even enough heat to generate smoke . The design of having a smoking pan at the bottom that is also the base for the heating element just does not work . It even has a hole in the middle of the smoking pan for ??? What ??? I dont know . Its a water smoker and has a water pan between the element and the meat - so it cant be for a drip cup . Just an all around aweful thing . I went out to Lowes and bought a Brinkman $ 89 electric water smoker that does a MUCH better job . Amazon should not even sell these as they really are not fit for use . Total garbage and now in the garbage !
 I am very disappointed in this product . There were missing parts to make this unit unuseable and I immediately contacted the seller and they did not contact me back . I purchased this as a gift and I make a lot of purchases on Amazon and this is my first bad experience . Amazon is now telling me that I ca n't get a refund through them because their refund only covers :1 -RRB- When the buyer provided payment to the seller , but the seller failed to deliver the item .2 -RRB- When the buyer received the item , but the item was materially different than as depicted in the seller 's description.I am very disappointed in the way this matter was handled . If only the seller would 've called / emailed so I could tell them what missing parts so I could use this but they are n't responding to any requests.I would highly recommend buying a different smoker .
 I got my smoker in the mail and the box was beat up an the smoker was bent out of shape . And the heating coil did n't work properly . I do n't reccomend this product at all .
 I 'm returning this smoker today . After 3 hours , it was n't able to get up to 200 degrees . Poorly designed , poorly executed .
 This smoker creates some terrific Bar B Q , but the construction of this smoker is disappointing . After two years of use , we have to replace it . The metal lid warped the first time it was used , which means the lid and body do n't fit together well . The biggest problem , though , is that the electric control is flimsy and must be jiggled constantly or it stops cooking . This smoker was recommended by Cook 's Magazine , and while the food is terrific , poor construction means that after only two years of infrequent use , we have to replace it .
 I bought this smoker because I did research on it on web and it is supposed to be one of the better ones on the market.Meco Model 5030 Electric Grill and Combination Water SmokerWhen I got my shipment and started the assembly the instructions were either vague or skipped over . The barrel was elongated , the lid does not fit well , -LRB- I have to bang on it to close it -RRB- , the manufacturer incorrectly installed the pop rivets . The Temperature gage was way off.Would I buy this again ? In a word ... NO !
 Was hoping I could get lucky and receive this product without any problems . Unfortunately , the lid does not fit properly into the body of the smoker . There was a 1/4 '' gap left between the lid and the body of the smoker which would allow heat to escape . Returning item .
 I have had this smoker for 8 years . The tank and operation is convenient and does a good job smoking food . The electric element however , i.e. , the rheostat that plugs into the heating coil , burns out every two years and it costs me $ 50 to replace it . I have gone through four of them . You would think they could design one that holds up . Anyway , that 's enough for me . I 'm going to another brand .
 I purchased this unit because Cooks Illustrated rated it tops among large smokers tested . I suppose it is okay if you get the urge to smoke something once a year . I ca n't imagine someone using it as an electric grill.Given the price , it should come as no surprise the construction is cheap . Heat regulation comes from a single unit which looks like it was ripped off an electric skillet and it regulates as poorly . If you want to slow smoke/cook anything ; forget it . It will wind up being overcooked and dry . If you want to cook/smoke a ham , turkey , or large amounts of vegetables it may work for you . If you want to slow cook/smoke brisket , ribs , pork or anything else , I recommend you buy a Cookshack or Smok 'n Tex dedicated cooker smoker . I did and I could n't be happier . My CookShack can also cold smoke.If you do n't want the expense -LRB- $ 500 -RRB- of a true smoker , then a tin foil bag of wood chips with holes punched and thrown into your covered grill is pretty good . A stove top smoker is n't bad for small stuff .
 Ordered the Meco 5030 electric smoker just a couple of days before Thanksgiving . Unit would not get hot enough never reaching the `` ideal '' temperature range after about three hours of operation . I had to disengage my smoking and proceed to back-up plan of cooking the turkies in the oven . Not what I wanted to do!After the holiday , I called Meco and complained . To their credit , they were quick to respond and offered to send a new element and electrical control . Just received those items and have not had time to install . But , to say I was disappointed is an understatement . The construction of this product is very cheap , not at all what I expected . It was a little dinged up from shipping . The lid does not fit very tight . If you want to go cheap , I would suggest a Brinkman which is considerably less expensive but about the same quality.I believe that for my next smoker , I will invest in a Green Egg !
 The first shipment arrived missing the heating element . The replacement arrived with a damaged bowl . Fortunately I had not yet returned the first one so I managed to cobble one together by combining parts . Assembling was not too bad , given that the manual did not have step by step pictures but only a picture of the overall assembly.I really ca n't comment on the smoker 's performance yet as I have only used it once . At least it did n't blow a fuse and given the poor quality control exhibited I had my doubts about that.I will probably keep it unless it fails to perform correctly but I can not recommend anyone purchase it given the quality control issues .
 This unit is very poorly made of cheep flimsy materials . The top does n't properly fit the body of the smoker so it does not hold heat or smoke . I would strongly urge anyone to consider a different smoker of better quality . I was enticed by the low price . I paid $ 69.95 and that was way too much . I absolutely do NOT recommend this smoker .
 Bought this at Walmart for $ 300 . It started easily the first 2 months . A year later the carb is leaking gas when I open the fuel shutoff valve . I work on cars all the time and checked the usual items . It is the carb , not the hoses or clamps . I went on the Devilbiss website and it is not listed as a current model . They have nothing like it now . I 'll buy a Honda next time . Update - still have it 2 yrs later , runs after lots of carb cleaner -LRB- run it dry , do n't trust STABIL alone -RRB- ... I now have problems with poor power quality , voltage swings , poor grounding even with ground rod , and no voltage to safety ground , only 105 volts from hot to neutral . I think it fried my refrigerator computer board - I wo n't use the generator anymore for anything electronic or valuable .
 Got this smoker as a gift . Looks very attractive but is n't very well-built . Lid is ill-fitting and smoke leaks out easily , which is particularly bad because it 's an electric smoker and you need the smoke from the wood chunks to hang around . Also uses so much power that it kicks out my circuit breakers .
 The replacement coil and controller for this unit is MECO part number 1521.9.001 . When searching for a replacement on-line it 's apparent that these units fail frequently and always in the same spot ; where the controller attaches to the coil . The failure mode is a fried contact and it results in melted plastic of the controller . In two years of infrequent smoking , mine failed in the same location as everyone else has reported and although I 'm not pleased , I to am happy that at least it did n't catch on fire . Much to my surprise , Meco 's price on the spare at $ 36 is less than from other on-line companies that specialize in grill replacement parts . However , their price to ship it is $ 17.00 for UPS ground which is ridiculous.I agree with other reviewers that the lid does n't fit very well allowing a lot of smoke to escape , the lower rack is difficult to remove because it catches on the hooks that the upper rack rest on and the thermometer in the lid is close to worthless . Other than that , i 've been relatively happy with it until now because the last smokers i have owned have been painted and charcoal fired . Others have complained that it does n't get very hot ; i 'm not sure what they are talking about . I prefer to smoke over low heat for a longer amount of time ; something i was never able to do with my old charcoal smokers .
 My wife gave me a Meco 5029 Stainless Steel Electric Combo Water Smokerfor my birthday a number of years ago . It worked great for about 6-8 times and then it quit in the middle of a pork roast . The only thing smoking was the controller . I 'm on the second replacement now , and the controller is getting very hot and starting to malfunction just like the previous two . The problem is the temp controller plugs directly into the heating element and therefore gets too hot causing the connection points to degrade making causing the connecting points to get even hotter , which in turn causes even faster degredation . This is a very poor design and should have been corrected by now , but as I look at the picture of the replacement element , I can see that no change has been made . I recommend you continue shopping untill you find a better design.In addition to the above , the sheet metal used for the legs is quite flimsy and if you get one of these , be sure to not lean on it or it will collapse .
 Pros
 Product is made from cheap materials . I have used three times and it does not meet any of the stated model . I would not recommend anyone try this . The cheap models from Home Depot work 100 % better .
 I chose this smoker as an option for an anniversary gift from my company . The reviews here seemed favorable , so I decided to give it a shot . Putting it together was not very difficult , but I noticed the parts do n't fit well together - i.e. the smoking chamber , base , and lid do not line up . This creates a problem when you 're trying to control air flow , but I did n't get to that part ... I started the charcoal per the instructions . Everything was working fine , until I went out to check it after about five minutes . Some of the charcoal had gotten through the grate and landed in the base of the unit . The hot coals then proceeded to melt the high-temperature paint off the bottom of the base - causing a caustic smoke . It got so bad I had to hose it out . I probably could have used it with the paint gone , but the unit is outside all the time , and would have rusted away in a matter of a few months.Fortunately I 'm only out about $ 20 for charcoal , lighter fluid , and mequite chunks . I 'd recommend you save up for the higher-end smokers with dimensional steel construction as opposed to the light gauge units .
 I have not yet used this smoker , so I can only comment on the aesthetics of this product . It was easy enough to put together , but extremely poorly made . First of all , it arrived damaged . I 'm not sure whose fault that was , although I saw no evidence of damage on the box and I read at least one other review that stated it arrived damaged . There was a huge dent on one side of the smoker . My husband had to knock the dent out with a hammer , since I intended to use it for Thanksgiving and would n't have had time to send it back . Although as it turned out , I did n't use it . The material it 's made of is very flimsy and the seams did n't match up on one side , making insertion of the screws difficult . As another reviewer stated , if I had seen this smoker in a store first , I definitely would not have purchased it .
 I read the other reviews that this was the wrong photo . Frankly , i did not believe the feedback form other purchasers . Well I received my chlorinator . It is NOT what is pictured . I must say though , that it is the Hayward CL100 . Although I believe a CL200 is pictured . That is what I thought I was ordering . I installed the unit anyway as my old unit was shot . It seems to work ok . However , it is difficult to load 3 '' tablets in the bowl . They are hard to gently insert . Time will tell just how well this unit works . I think it will be ok . Thus the 2 seat rating ... just ok .
 I just received the item . It was to replace the same item I had that was malfunctioning after years of usage . I selected based upon the photo . What I received was the inline chlorinator model CL100 , the photo shows the model CL200 -LRB- the one I wanted -RRB- . The Cl200 shown in the photo is much larger , holds twice the number of chlorine tabs and has a larger and easier to utilize dosage dial . There actually is a review posted here prior to mine warning about the wrong photo , but I did n't see it until it was too late . I just arranged for a return and found the better , larger model -LRB- CL200 -RRB- to be CHEAPER , as well .
 Ordered a replacement Hayward chlorinator by the photo seen on Amazon.The photo they show for the CL100 is actually the CL200 model which is fairly largerand holds twice the chlorine tablets.I am sure the CL100 is a quality auto chlorinator as is the CL200 but just be sure you are ordering the correct model as the photo shows the larger model with the optional base removed .
 According to the packaging , this generator only supports : - Nokia 1260 , 3300 , 3585 , 5100 , 6360 , 6590 , 8265 , 6200 , 6100 , 3600 , 3560 - Ericsson T28 , T60 , T61 , T300 , T600 , R520 , T68 - Motorola/Nextel V60 , V66 , V120 , C331 , T720 , I90 , I85 , I35 , I30 , I55 - Samsung V205 , A310 , A530 , R210 , R220 , R225 , N370 , N625 , S307 , E105 , X105 , X427 , E715 , P107That info is not obvious from the Amazon web site description or the manufacturer 's website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . It 's something that I would really liked to have had before I ordered it -LRB- and then found out it wo n't work with my cell phone ! -RRB- . Also , according to the packaging , the generator `` can not charge the phone battery fully & it is only used for emergency purpose '' . You 're supposed to rotate the handle at a speed of 2 to 2.5 rotations per second for 3 minutes to get 3-5 minutes of cell phone communications.On the plus side , it is very light & compact ...
 The phone does charge up with this thing connected , but at a rate of about 1 seconds of conversation per 1 minute of cranking . Pretty useless in an emergency and pretty difficult on your hands due to a tiny handle .
 The theory is GREAT . The implementation is OBNOXIOUS . None of the connectors are for USB connections . Not exactly `` the most popular '' connectors . Worthless with current phones .
 Works O.K. Seems to be it could be better built , not very much heat , latches are flimsy , logs are fragile easy to get broken , should of been made with legs on bottom to keep it off of ground .
 Reduced from how much?Firstly , items that make up the set are not what is pictured , napkins are different , glasses have major quality flaws , cheap glass , and some sort of film that you can feel with a finger nail , that is resistant to everything known to man kind . Well known to my wife anyway.I am ashamed to give this as a gift , even to my mother In law.Way too much money for cheap basket , would be better off buying a basket and sourcing the parts.I am speaking to the company direct , for advice , and then will return it . I will post the reply from Picnic - time.My fist ever review to Amazon as I feel so strongly regarding this product .
 TOTALLY THE WRONG PART !!!! WE NEED A PICTURE TO COMPARE IT TO THE ONE WE NEED !!! I BOUGHT IT LOCALLY AND COMPARE IT WITH THE OLD ONE !!!! NICE !!!! FINALLY GOT THE RIGHT ONE !!! AND THE OTHER ONE , I AM GLAD IS NOT EXPENSIVE , IS IN THE TRASH NOW ! WASTED LIKE $ 10 AND MY TIME !!!
 I applied this snake oil to the lawn in the morning and then again in the afternoon . 20 minutes later the yard was full of geese . They were happily grazing on the lawn that was still wet from the product.I followed the instructions on the label and no luck.I 'm now out $ 100.00 Avoid this product.If there is something that works please let me know .
 I was so optimistic with the thought of this product and at my wits end on keeping geese out of my backyard -LRB- a creek runs along my back border -RRB- . I tried everything and read a review that it works . WRONG . It did not stop the geese at all . They ate right through it.I finally put up a homemade fence made out of old unused tomato cages tied together along the whole border of the creek in mine and my neighbors yards . Geese are generally lazy . If they ca n't walk up from the water , they do n't bother coming into the yard . My grandchildren can finally play in my yard without constantly stepping or slipping in feces and I do n't have to worry about my dog rolling in it .
 This product does n't work with all Karcher Pressure washers . It only works with Bayonet Style -LRB- push and twist -RRB- Wand Connections . I had to order a Karcher Pressure Washer Part , Adapter B -LRB- 4762062 -RRB- - an additional $ 19.00 .
 I 've been trying to contact someone to find out why this product will not fit my power washer . I 've put it all together , but it wo n't fit into the trigger-control handle of the power washer . Help !
 I take back all that I said . It does fit the K2-45 and it works extremely well . I just have n't figured out the technique for vertical surfaces . This is a very satisfied customer . I needed to re rate it to a 4 .
 This attachment does not fit my Karcher K 2400 HH Gasoline Engine Pressure Washer . The factory rep advised that this attachment is ONLY for Electric Powered Washers at 2300 psi and below . You CAN NOT get an adaptor to use it with Gasoline Powered Washers . I wish Amazon would report that in the description . It sounds like a good attachment if you can use it .
 The hammock stand sections are loosely connected and pull apart when I try to move the stand in my backyard -- It takes two people even to drag the stand to a new position in my lawn . The stand is not long enough for our hammocks , so we have to tie knots in the string section to shorten them up , which reduces their comfort level . Even with this modification to my hammock , I sit about 6 '' off the ground because the stand does not hold the hammock high enough off the ground . The chain that connects the hammock to the stand started to rust after a week so we also do not have high hopes for durability . There is no way anyone paid $ 199 list price for this stand -- I rate it below quality of other stands I 've bought . It 's barely effective .
 Delivery was delayed twice , received it a month after it was ordered . It showed up in a ragged cardboard box completely wrapped in packing tape -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- as the box would have fallen appart otherwise . Parts of the stand were sticking thru the box . The hooks and chains required to hang the hammock were not in the box , although the description on the box clearly states that they are included . The stand was scratched up and two of the rubber caps to cover the ends of the tubing were punched through as well.Went to Home Depot and picked up some chain and hooks , hung the hammock and works fine . I was bothered enough that I thought about returning it , but decided it was n't worth the trouble .
 I ordered this item May 26th as a gift . The stand was shipped to my house twice with no hooks and chains - nice . Not to mention that the box it came in looked like it was packed by a child . The stand it self looks good - but I still have n't gotten to use it . I have a hammock , the metal stand , but nothing to hang the hammock on . Amazon has not yet resolved this issue . I 'm hopeing they send me the hooks and chains - but I have n't seen them yet . Bottom line - DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT .
 I bought the hammock with accompanying stand . The rope hammock is way too long for the stand . My teenager weighs about 100lbsand when he gets in the hammock , it stretches so much that he is virtually on the ground . Bought as Christmas present and what a disappointment this summer . Looks pretty , thus one star . I suggest you buy only the hammock and make sure you have two big trees to tie it tautly .
 This hammock stand is a piece of junk ! I put the stand together and attached the hammock . When I sat in it the bottom support bar broke . Now I am not a small person -LRB- 6 ' 4 '' 250lbs -RRB- , but the data says it will hold 500 lbs , this dose n't even hold 250lbs . My recommendation is save your money and attach your hammock to two trees .
 I have experienced the exact same thing as the March 31 , 2002 post . After placing my double sized hammock on the stand at the highest notche , the support bars bent at where they angle up . And I only used the hammock stand for not even 2 hours . I think 6 ' 2 '' -LRB- 240 lbs . -RRB- is under the 500 lbs . maximum . Unless the manufacturer forgot to move the decimal place to the left one position -LRB- i.e. , 50 lbs . maximum -RRB- .
 I bought this attachment to use with my Karcher 330 electric pressure washer with the intention of using it to wash our cars . I just tried it out and was very disappointed with the attachment for the following reasons
 Only time will tell how these asparagus crowns turn out , but my initial reaction is very disappointed . I bought these crowns because I was specifically looking for two year old crowns of the Jersey Supreme variety . Sadly , these crowns seem rather spindly , and are probably only one year old crowns , and small ones at that . Also , the order arrived in four days , but the crowns seemed to be unceremoniously stuffed in a plain paper bag , then boxed up in a USPS box . I 'm hoping they all survive , because there was no moisture retaining material and the roots were dry when I received them . It will take some time before I know how well these crowns turn out , and unfortunately the crown size means I 'll have to wait an additional year . Maybe I 'll come back and revise my review if they turn out spectacularly .
 The concept of this extension is fine , however the quality of construction is horrible ! Very flimsy when using all 4 sections . Once put together , very difficult to breakdown -LRB- less than 4 sections -RRB- . Utilizing plastic stem and aluminum receptor was poor design , the threads stripped -LRB- cross threaded -RRB- after trying to reconnect . Had to force it together with a pipe wrench and now is permanent and can no longer use it with less than 4 sections.Would not recommend buying !
 The extension peices are very clumsy to work with close in , but not sturdy enough to use at full length . I use only two of the four peices and it is OK -LRB- but then I am 6 ' 3 -RRB- for close in work like cleaning the driveway -LRB- I do n't have to lean over now -RRB- , but putting all four peices on and using it at a distance -LRB- like it is designed to be used -RRB- just does n't work well .
 The extension peices are very clumsy to work with close in , but not sturdy enough to use at full length . I use only two of the four peices and it is OK -LRB- but then I am 6 ' 3 -RRB- for close in work like cleaning the driveway -LRB- I do n't have to lean over now -RRB- , but putting all four peices on and using it at a distance -LRB- like it is designed to be used -RRB- just does n't work well .
 I have had to buy several hi/lo pressure wands from local suppliers , they just do n't last.I do not see them listed seperately here , I need another but do n't want to buy a set of them and throw money away.I am very unhappy with this product.Can or will you supply only what I need ?
 La Crosse Technology WT-3181PL 18 '' Atomic Outdoor ClockIt never set to the correct time , it is a radio controlled clock that did not work .
 This might be an okay clock for a garage , shed or barn but it doesnt seem to perform well in the raw elements like the rain.I had a similar protraction problem that caused faulty readings as a result of the rain , like someone else had described . They should not present this as a no outdoor clock.In a sheltered area , it might be a 5 star clock .
 Total dud ! This clock must have had a short or something , because it caused the battery to overheat and explode . I had the battery in -LRB- in the correct orientation -RRB- for less than 5 minutes -- when I went back to check and see if the clock had set itself yet , I heard crackling , smelled something funny , and turned it around to notice the cover to the battery was melted . I had to pry out the sizzling/bubbling battery with a plastic spoon and leave it outside because of the acid leaking out of it . Needless to say , it was immediately returned .
 This was a replacement for the same model I 've had for years , but this one seems to have a hard time locking in on the correct time - it was 15 minutes behind for the first several days . Happened when first setting it up , then it seemed to work for several months , but recently it went back to being 15 minutes behind , and today I noticed it was 7 minutes behind . So , even a mental correction I might apply to it is not reliable because it changes . I like the visibility - it 's great for the back yard - but I do n't think I 'll buy another one .
 This model is appanently the same as the cheaper WT-3181P . The instructions say it can only be used outdoors if protected from rain and above 41 degrees . Its 27 outside right now . I guess it might be O.K. in southern Arizona . Amazon needs to add this important note to its product description .
 We purchased 5 of these to use at an outdoor event throughout the grounds . With 5 of these , it gives a good basis for the problems involved.We followed the instructions and after the initial battery installation , they all held at 4:00 waiting for the signal . Once they received it , 3 ended up at the same time , while 2 were off by several minutes.The clocks initially set themselves to Pacific Time and then needed to be set to Eastern.For the 3 that ended up at the same time , let 's say 7:35 , when pressing the ET button on back , one ends up at 10:35 -LRB- properly -RRB- and the other 2 end up at 10:31 and 10:16 . This has nothing to do with an improper signal , as these 3 had the same initial time . The control board inside is bad in multiple units.We ended up continuing to use our old manual clocks ... we were better being a minute or two off over having random clock times.It is not a signal distance issue as we also purchased 3 digital ones and those all work fine .
 I let the clock sit by a window overnight to receive atomic signal and it never changed so I decided to manually set the time . The clock overrides my setting and continues to turn back time 20 min ?? It 's a CLOCK ... main purpose is to tell time and it fails big !
 Had the clock out on the Lanai . Every time the clock got to an even numbered hour it searched for the time signal and drastically changed time . The closest it got was about 40 minutes from the correct time . So , I tried to manually set the time . It held until it reached an even numbered hour , and then started the search mode again . Useless .
 It seemed this would be the perfect clock for my patio , a large face , the correct color , the radio control was a bonus . Actually the `` atomic '' feature is a curse . The clock is located outside . It never recieved a signal . The instructions for manually setting is wrong . I was ready to call help line , , , , -LRB- an 800 number to set a clock ????? -RRB- I tried several more times to set it manually , finally success.I was pretty jazzed , the next day the clock was off an hour , I reset it , and the next day I found it off again . I 'll reset it again and if it screws up again I may replace the innerds , -LRB- a word ? -RRB- with a traditional movement .
 I bought this item as a gift . Before giving I wanted to set it up for the recipient . I followed the instructions and had it working briefly . Once wrapped , I heard the hands cycling quickly around the clock -LRB- as if searching for the correct time -RRB- . I unwrapped it and called for tech support . They offered some options , mostly changing the battery . Once done with that it began running at the proper speed , but was off by 3 hours -LRB- for every time zone -RRB- . I 'm done with this hassle and returning to amazon .
 I highly anticipated a clock that gave me great time and minimal fuss to get it going . Truth be told the clock is finally keeping perfect time but took exactly six days of manipulation and teasing to get it to work properly . No matter what I did -LRB- and I did everything recommended by the booklet -RRB- nothing worked . The clock had a mind of its own . Even though the clock was pointed west with no obstructions it would not set itself correctly . It started out by being an hour slow and after numerous days and re - settings finally adjusted itself by some miracle to the correct time . It would have been helpful if I could have made contact with the company but after leaving five messages with them I gave up . Eventually two weeks later they returned my calls saying that they had a computer malfunction and were n't able to service my call . Anyway , the clock is working perfectly but the aggravation definitely was n't worth it .
 I received this as a gift from my husband for Mother 's Day - exactly what I wanted . Unfortunately , the clock did not work . It was unable to find a signal in any location , despite a new battery . When set manually according to the directions , it did not keep time , even after several attempts . Very frustrating - we are returning it .
 This radio controlled time set clock worked fine for the first nine months then began going nuts . Apparently for some reason it no longer was able to pick up the time signal from Colorado . We tried several locations without success . As per the training video the hands would start going around in circles , stopping after about 5 minutes , trying to reach the radio signal from Colorado but never able to locate it.Logically one would assume that as a default position , we at least could set the time manually . Hard to believe , but this is not possible !! Now its just an expensive piece of junk .
 This clock is great looking , the perfect size for outdoors and well insulated but we could not get it to keep time . We tried the manual and automatic setting . We went to the makers website and tried everything they suggested without success . After 2 1/2 weeks of trying we finally gave up and sent it back . We did n't want to do that because we loved everything else about the clock . But , after all what good is a clock that does n't keep time ? Unless you live in the Pacific time zone , I would n't waste my money on this .
 I purchased this for use on my patio as it says it is an indoor/outdoor . However , when reading the instruction manual it says that it is NOT water resistant and should only be used outside where it will be dry . So unless you are living in the middle of the Mojave Desert , I would find another option . It was returned immediately .
 The clock itself is beautiful . Unfortunately it does not keep accurate time and that is why I am giving it two stars . It is 33 + minutes off . We tried fresh batteries , setting by the window , etc. and when it finds its WWVB signal , it is still 33 + minutes off . I would send back but unfortunately I do not have the original packaging to return it in . I 've called the La Crosse Product Support Help number twice and an answering service takes a message stating someone technical will call back and to date , no one has returned our calls to try and help . The website did not provide any help either . So , it is a $ 49.99 manual set clock . It 's a shame . I could have bought a cheaper/bigger manual set clock .
 This kit is horrible - when compared to other kits . With the standard kit you get 5 boards - 3 for the table and 2 for the bench seats . For this table and two benches you need to mess around with 20 boards ! Clean 20 boards . Stain/paint 20 boards . Align 20 boards . And cut 4 boards to a different length then the rest . And trying to get 20 good 2x4s that are perfectly straight is a futile effort . I think the table does look nicer , but it is not worth the hassle and work compared to other picnic table kits . The reason I bought this kit was for the resin frame . The picnic table this is replacing is the standard 5 boards with the metal frame , but after around 20 years the frame has become weak and you can no longer sit on it . Otherwise the wood is still good . I guess I do n't see any reason why one could n't use a wider board with this resin frame kit - just have to measure to make sure they fit properly . If I had to do it over I would just buy the 5 board kit again . I received 2 different types of screws with this kit - one kind for the table and a different kind -LRB- regular deck screws -RRB- for the benches . You would think they would be the same , would n't you ? I put my parent 's picnic table together when I was a kid -LRB- standard 5 boards with a metal frame -RRB- and did n't have the problems I had with this setup . Messing around with all of the 2x4s just is n't worth it.Update - a couple of more things . The deck screws that come with the bench are 2 '' , so if you do n't drive them at an angle you may come out the wood on the other side . The diagram directions do show the screws going in at a angle , but there are no written directions with the benches -LRB- the table has written directions and no diagram directions -RRB- so I just wanted to point this out so others do n't put them straight through . I did not have a problem since I put them in at an angle . Also - shame on you Amazon for putting the shipping labels directly over the diagram directions - on both packages ! Could n't remove the shipping labels without tearing the diagram directions . And think about the longterm - when it comes time to re-paint/stain you are either going to have to skip doing it inbetween the boards or you are going to have to remove them . I would never buy this kit again and wish I had n't .8 / 28/08 - update . I ordered another bench to do what another person had done and suggested - put a support in the center of each bench to help supoort and firm things up . I highly recommend doing this -LRB- if you were unlucky enough to purchase this kit -RRB- . My bench was only 6 ft long , but still had some wobble -LRB- probably because of the cheap deck screws -RRB- . So , for 2 benches you would purchase 3 of the bench frames and split the one between the two for center supports . With this bench I received the CORRECT SCREWS ! The shorter , silver , bigger head screws - they secure so much better ! The 2 '' deck screws I received with the other two benches are just the standard ugly 2 '' deck screws that if you are not careful to dril at an angle you will put them all the way through the wood . The heads on them are also much smaller so they do not secure very well and in some cases are small enough to go into/through the plastic slots . It sure would have been nice to have received the correct screws with everything . I have spent $ 181.21 - 3 benches , 1 table , the wood , a gallon of stain and a couple of ultra cheap/disposable brushes . Not worth the money or time . I highly recommend NOT getting this kit being they ca n't even include the correct screws . There are much cheaper kits that are much easier to put together and come with the correct hardware .
 Build your own patio furniture . While this sounds like a great idea , be mindful of the costs involved and also the longevity of the product . -LSB- ... -RSB- Total cost
 My husband and I were suckered into buying two of these type of `` wind spinners '' at a kiosk in a shopping mall . Now that they 're hanging outside , what kind of wind are they looking for , a frickin ' hurricane ? They just sit there and look stupid -LRB- while reminding us of the money ill spent -RRB- .
 Rife with manufacturing defects . Trigger rods and bait pan do not mesh . Bait pan is not level when the trap is set which tells you something is seriously off . More importantly if you do manage to set the trap , it WILL NOT TRIGGER without heavy weight on the bait pan , which no small animal can deliver . Ca n't lower one of the door locks when set , because the roof is warped that side . TRASH . What a disappointment , I had heard so many great things about this trap .
 Carry a back pack full of spare batteries if you use this for more than a minute . It starts off with a moderate air flow but almost immediately starts to wane . Very poor product .
 This product was a huge disappointment . I bought it in Sept. 08 for my husbands birthday . It never worked correctly . The temperature was off by 10 degrees or so average . We contacted Amazon for a return but it was over the 30 days return window . They told us the product was warrantied and advised us to call The Weather Channel , they in turn referred us to Lacrosse who manufactured this piece of junk . We called them , there was an automated message . We left our number several days ago and no return call . I bought this product based on reviews and after making many purchases on this site this is the first negative review I 've had to write . Keep shopping , this is n't a good product .
 The product came to me apparently defective . LaCrosse Technology asked that you call or email with your problems for tech support which I did prior to returning the weather station . The LED read-out showed all ' 8 's . I received no response to my email nor did I get a call-back from LaCrosse . They guarentee that they return all calls - I think not . It never happened . I am getting a replacement because I do want the product but we 'll see if a replacement works .
 My wife received this `` weather station '' as a gift from her employer . It does n't work . The temperature is off by at least 8 degrees and the clock wo n't set itself as advertised . I 'm about to e-mail LaCrosse , but based on previous reviews , and the fact that LaCrosse would market this junk , I do n't expect any satisfaction . Avoid this product !
 It looks nice , but thats pretty much where it ends . To my disappointment you can not see the Rain Gauge unless you push buttons in a certain sequence , and that sequence is impossible to remember . The button labels make no sense , the instructions are complicated and you need them every time you want to see another function . The are 2 `` Mode '' and it depends what Mode you are in as to what the buttons do , but there is no indication of what mode you are even in . I paid $ 90 for this POS in the store , Not worth even Ten . Battery life is so-so and I 've yet to figure out where I can read the Indoor temperature if it even exists . Do n't buy . I think you would be better off buying each instrument seperate instead of this all-in-one . Do n't buy it !
 Worked nice for couple or three months . Then stopped to feel the outdoor sensor . New set of batteries helped just for several days , and finally outdoor temp became totally unavailable . Then it started to drain indoor batteries so that even indoor temp became a problem . Keep off this crap !
 Had a Radio Shack outdoor/indoor set for several years -LRB- 10 -RRB- then it finally gave out , and couldnt be replaced . The outdoor unit used 1 9V battery , which would last 2 or 3 years , even in NY cold weather . This `` Weather Channel '' outdoor unit uses two AAA which dont stand up to the cold . After less than 3 months this unit simply died . Wont even work IN the house ! Stay away from this Chinese-made garbage !
 I had this unit 18 months before it stopped working . I tried changing the batteries , -LRB- installed in xmter first -RRB- waited 15-20 minutes before putting batteries in receiver with no luck . I sent an email to LaCrosse and got no response . I 'll never buy a LaCrosse again since their quality and customer service is terrible . I 'm now looking at Oregon Scientific , Davis , or some other brand .
 Product worked great for two years , then would not pick up external sensor . Changed all batteries with fresh new ones , but would still not pick up external sensor . Tried all suggestions on company website -LRB- ways to install batteries , etc. -RRB- , but still would not pick up external sensor . Emailed Customer Service and received an automated response that they had received my email , but I have not received a response after three business days.I do not recommend purchasing this product , as the quality appears inferior .
 Junk ! Bought at Wal-mart . Would not pick up outdoor sensor from the start !! Poor chintzy quality.Back to Wamart it goes .
 The hose adapter was missing and so was an owners manual . opened the box and only the pump was there . unfortunately , my husband opened the box and did n't tell me it was missing parts until after the return time had expired . Lesson learned . Check your boxes when you get them .
 This pump , which is a later version of the previous pump I owned , was advertised as being `` UL and CSA listed '' . However while it does have the CSA listing and sticker , it is NOT UL listed nor does it bear the UL sticker . My previous pump clearly has the UL sticker on it and was UL listed , and I bought this pump thinking it was the same , yet it obviously is not . I called the Little Giant pump manufacturer , Franklin Electric , and they confirmed this model of pump is not now UL listed . So I feel I got `` sandbagged '' by Amazon .
 In the past three years , I have owned five of these pumps.I bought them because there were inexpensive.Well the old lesson holds true in this case : `` You get what you pay for . `` Two pumps have given up the ghost and , tonight , my third Little Giant pump has turned into an oily mess.So evidently , the seals are shot.It would not be so bad if i used these pumps a lot but , i do n't . I turn them on for ten minutes spurts , once every week or two.I also have two Flotec pumps that I 've owned for three yearsI use them everyday and I 've never had a problem with either of them.No more Little Giants for me !
 Bought it to occasionally drain a pool after a rain . Last one lasted 15 years after intense use . This one lasted only 5 months and only used it 3 times . motor free but just locks up and hums when turned on . Not what they used to be .
 I bought 2 of these pumps as my backups . I had them for a little over a year before I needed one for my Koi pond and after 3 months it leaked oil , What a mess . And since the guarantee is only a year I 'm out of luck . I always used the black pumps for the last 15 years and had no idea these blue ones were n't as good . My opinion . I would n't buy another one , will pay more and get the black one .
 Had this for two months and it broke . Was using it to drain my pool cover and just quit . Returning it now .
 Little Giant 5.5-ASP Submersible Sump PumpI have used the Little Giant 5.5 ASP submersible pump only one time and just recently noticed oil in my fountain , thinking my pool man was not cleaning well . Pump was still working until still leaked oil and then pump just died . what a waste of money since just recently replaced the pump and had to pay lots of money for install . And now to think that i have to buy another and have it installed . No way . . i am changing pumps . You are a Little Pea not a Giant .
 Bought this unit in the fall of 2009 . Worked great over the winter . Ceased to operate in Jan 2011 . Way too much to spend for fewer than two seasons .
 I purchased 5 of these units for use in a hydroponic greenhouse . One , which was connected to the cooling system failed in under ONE MONTH . This resulted in the greenhouse overheating to 120 + degrees , and entire crop being lost . A second unit failed in under a month was connected to an NFT lettuce system . Again , entire crop was lost due to pump failure . So , two of the five unites failed in under a month . The three that did not fail are run about 10 minutes per day on a dutch bucket system using a timer ... so the ones that were used consistently failed in under a month , and those on a timer and used infrequently so far are still working.I contacted the dealer who sold the units to me , and they said that they had seen similar failures in their test systems.The failed units were still under warranty , but when I read the warranty details , it pretty much amounted to you mail it back to them , and they look at it and decide whether to honor the warranty or not . I did not return , as I was already out the money for replacement pumps , value of the two failed crops , and did not want to risk the postage to return to manufacturer in the hopes that they would honor the warranty.My advice ... DO NOT BUY THESE UNITS !
 I owned one of these for 15 years . The one I owned was made in the USA . The new one I just got is made in Mexico . The moment I put this into the water , small bubbles from the seam on the blue casing began escaping in a small stream to the surface . I did n't think this was a big deal but when I looked closer , it was actually leaking small droplets of the oil from inside the pump to the water surface . The pump got way hotter than my current 5MSP that I own . Just disappointing .
 The first unit I had lasted 10 years . The second one lasted about a week . The third unit lasted 2 months . Finally , I decided enough with this product and changed to a different pump maker . I learned Little Giant moved production to Mexico and now turn out what I consider junk !!!
 This product sucks . I have purchased 4 of the littlegiant pumps over the last 5 years , to get the rainwater off my pool cover . At first I thought that is was theway it was used . The last 3 I would take off the cover afterit cleared the water . They always burn out before a full year.Find another pump . This product sucks .
 Had a Little Giant 5 MSP pump for my back yard 4 foot high waterfall with pond water feature for over 6 years and it eventually failed -LRB- froze up -RRB- . Replaced it -LRB- bought from Amazon -RRB- with identical unit and it failed -LRB- froze up -RRB- after about 7 months -LRB- Nov 2012 -RRB- . Find another manufacturer . The new Little Giants are garbage . Do n't buy Little Giant !
 I bought two at one time since they have previously only lasted less than a year on my fountain . The last one I bought has lasted less than two months .
 I was looking for a grafting knife and have had other Bahco tools , so I figured I would try this one . When the package came it had the right cartoon pictures of the grafting process on it for a grafting knife , the knife had the right size and weight for a grafting knife , and it was sharp enough to be a grafting knife . Unfortunatly it has -LRB- in my view -RRB- the wrong blade for a grafting knife - thick and beveled on both sides . It would probably be good for splitting clefts , but it is too thick and angled for tounge and whip grafting .
 This is your classic Chinese-made junk ... rusted like a tin can within no time flat ! Got a full refund . Buy American . Go USA !
 I bouht this as a birthday present . My daughter called to tell me that it was impossible to assemble as received . Then I asked her to put a magnet to it , turns out the magnet did attach making it doubtful that it was stainless steel.I hope that his was a mistake and that the replacement will be as advertised .
 When my friends down at the town water fountain told me aboutt this new-fangled contraption , I was beside myself . Finally , my wife and kids could be clean along with myself ! But oh , was I in for a shock . For one thing , the design of this thing is very backward . I mean , I 'm quite a manly Blue Jay , and I have much trouble keeping my balance on it . It 's actually quite flimsy , and you can kind of see that from the picture . Added to that , my wife and I fit just fine on it , but our kids have to stay in the nest , and with all those cats snooping around , that 's never a good idea . Oh well , I guess that 's why God gave us that wonderful Peritonitis ! Conversely , there are some good things about this bath . It 's very new age-ish . And the interestingly shaped support is great for my completely random desires to sharpen my beak or cause a general ruckus around the neighborhood . Now if you 'll excuse me , I 'll now head back to spreading disease among helpless children !
 I have been using this product for years . I always had a favorable reaction , but this year it destroyed most of my flowers , weeds weeds and more weeds . I bought bags of this potting soil , I will never buy it again . I do n't know what happened this year . My whole yard front , side and back have pots , some very large ones and every pot is just engulfed with weeds I have about 50 container plants , I know its this soil because I bought a small bag of another brand and those pots are fine .
 This knife is supposed to be a springless locking type knife . In 3 months after purchasing the first one from the same source , the blade would not stay in and last week would no longer lock when fully open . I have no reason to believe that this 2nd one will be any different .
 Useless . Tried it out last night with lots of mosquitos harassing us and did not kill even one . Nothing happens even when you drop one on the racket . Never even heard the crackling sound indicating you got one . We ended up killing most with our hands before giving up and retiring inside . Will be returning .
 It simply does not work . You need to squash bugs to kill them . I 'm sure it 's not supposed to work that way . Compared to the bug zapper I got from Walmart , this is a junk .
 Item did not work when it arrived even though I tried 2 sets of brand new batteries . Could not contact seller to replace . My only option was to mail back the defective item but the shipping charges were more than I paid for the stupid worthless piece of plastic .
 the item did not work and was a waste of money . i recommend buying toilet paper instead of this.H
 this thing takes batteries and does n't hold a good charge , you have to change the batteries twice per day just to use effectively .
 I used this product for about a week before it broke for not apparent reason . The power light comes on , but it does n't deliver the shock -LRB- yes , I replaced the batteries -RRB-
 I saw a product like this on vacation , which worked splendidly , and I had to have one . This is not it . I carefully chose one that took D batteries , so it would be a good size , and more powerful , but I received a smaller version that takes double A 's . It is useless . Do not bother with it .
 Stuns flies , but does not kill them . I then have to kill them or get them out of the house before they wake back up.I 've used other models at friends houses that work fine , perhaps because theirs use a 9v battery . This model uses two AA batteries , and seems way underpowered . No satisfying `` pop '' either .
 I ordered this item to put a stop to all the moths . When it arrived it was missing the battery cover . No big deal . I just held the batteries in place with my fingers or a rubber band . I used it once and the next time I went to use it it did not zap . The coil for the batteries had fallen off . I threw it away the day after I got it .
 a dud . Thought it was defective . Decided to verify / give it a second chance . Held it up to my ear , barely audible , unlike , my other -LRB- great -RRB- one / , of a different brand . Stuck my finger past all the childproof mesh and got a SLIGHT , ever so slight shock . Have yet to kill anything with it in a 5 day period . Better of using a shoe.Save your money . Buy a G200 Defender by Outset ! with a green handle -- those can be heard from far away when you touch the button & shock you afterword . It may be study , but that is all this offers . I guess the batteries fit well , unlike the 3rd brand i tried -LRB- if it says '' kills bugs instantly , electronic bug zapper , run for the hills -- do n't get it -RRB- . How 3 brands can all be from China , but only 1 was good says a lot . Do n't get this ; get the G200 by Outset instead -- it 's only maybe a buck more and will put a hurt on them . It was worth at least 4 of these . I could not killl anything with it yet in almost a week .
 I was hopeful based on other reviews that it would work . I had an issue with basic house flies that were getting in the house from outside . The racket uses 3 layers of screens , but this caused too much `` wind '' when trying to swat a fly out of the air . If you happen to hit one , the fly needs to touch two layers of screens at the same time to get zapped.Since the racket is well ... a racket -- you ca n't swat-to-kill when they are sitting on the counter . You just trap the fly and hope it walks on the racket and touchs the two layers ... and then ZAP!I bought two , since I knew my son would want to try when he saw me swatting ... but they both broke . One just quit zapping , and with the other the plastic and layers started coming apart.I missed the 30 day return window , otherwise I would have tried to get a refund .
 This swatter is a piece of junk ; made with very thin plastic , electric grid is made with almost tin foil material , swatter head is super flimsy , and handle is not much sturdier.The item pictured is NOT what you receive , the item is a smaller cheaper poorer version of the electric fly swatter.Harbor freight sell a much better one . Buyer beware . Even one star is too high for this piece .
 It will eventually kill a nagging little pest , but not without a lot of effort . You ca n't just press the button and swipe at said pest ; you have to hunt it down , getting the racket right on top of it with a little pressure before it will finally lay to rest . There are rackets out there that are effective -LRB- and , as an added bonus , fun to boot -RRB- , but this is n't the brand . Unfortunately I do n't remember the brand I had used before that did work .
 It worked well for as long as it lasted -- about 35 minutes . Just a mild swing at an elusive fruit fly killed the zapper -LRB- and not the fly -RRB- . It stopped working after a couple of strong swings . A red light that comes on when the button is pressed showed that the batteries were n't a problem . in fact , a fly that got caught in the mesh managed to muscle its way out with little effort , with no pop/zap/spark which i saw the first few times when I used it . Poor construction , too delicate to handle swings at annoying creatures that make you chase them all over the place .
 This Electronic Racket does n't work , even when trying it in a swarm of mosquitos . Not one zapped ! I did get a lot of arm exercise trying to get it to work . This is a waste of your money . I recommend do n't buy this . Sending it back costs too much . Another worthless piece of junk to toss .
 PRO
 We have used other mosquito bats in the past and they were very effective . This bat has a considerably smaller head and does n't seem to work very well compared to ones we have used . Very dissapointed .
 First of all , I received a different item that pictured . Mine was red , had a stencil of a bug in the middle , and was small , only about 6 '' in diameter . One out of two did n't work so I am sending them back and ordering something else .
 This thing is worthless , I actually trapped a fly against a window and it crawled through the wire mesh and got out ! The button was pushed and nothing happened . I even went as far and got my multimeter out and checked the voltage -LRB- measured around 8 volts -RRB- on the wires . Not sure how this thing is suppose to kill bugs at 8 volts . I was doubtful prior to purchase but read the postive reviews and decided to try it out . One of those live and learn type of experiences .
 I bought a different 1 of these @ Target 3 years ago ... it worked great & just broke ... decided to purchase this one from Amazon for approximately the same price ... It is awful ... It 's got more zap than the original purchase , but you have to really whack the stupid thing into the bug -LRB- or table or chair or wall -RRB- ... I could have purchased a fly swatter from the $ 1 store and been as satisfied ... Would NOT recommend this zapper to any one ... I am returning to Target in an attempt to re-purchase the original one .
 I am not fond of houseflies , and have used a similar bug zapper with success -- it looks similar but has a much lighter handle , a different metal screen , and uses a 9 volt battery instead of D cells -LRB- that 's why the handle is lighter -RRB- . I am reasonably strong and athletic and play racket sports . But , and I suppose this is obvious , even with an electronic bug zapper you need to swing the zapper fast enough to hit the bug . With the 9-volt racket that is way lighter , this is easy . With this racket it is close to impossible unless you can get the bug to hover for you . This product is close to useless , get the other kind .
 My husband hit the fly with it several times and the swatter did nothing to it . The fly kept on flying . Others were right , the plastic is cheap and brittle , the hanging hook was broken by the time we got to it and it 's never worked once . It was broken and defective from the first use . Now I 'm trying to work with Amazon about a return .
 I bought this Zapper to replace another model -LRB- Charcoal Companion Amazing Bug Zapper -RRB- which worked great until I dropped it and it broke . This product is much weaker than the one I previously owned . It does n't exactly ZAP the bug ... it slowly shocks it . I seem to have to zap a bug 2-4 times before it dies and the death is not quick . I have replaced the batteries with brand new ones and same result . I have also have tried a 2nd zapper -LRB- I bought 2 to replace the 1 I dropped -RRB- and both just do n't seem strong enough . I 'm tossing these and purchasing another Charcoal Companion Amazing Bug Zapper .
 I definitely needed this product except I dropped it -LRB- not very hard either -RRB- on the laminate floor and now it wo n't work.Shame ...
 This piece of crap broke the moment I took it out of the package . However , I 'm sure it will live on for eternity in a landfill .
 I bought a Lentek Biteshield Electronic Racquet Zapper last year , and I was so pleased with it that I ordered four more this year . Unfortunately , I did not receive Lentek Biteshields ; instead , I was sent Garden Greation Electronic Bug Zappers . The Garden Creation zappers have big , bulky handles and battery compartments that wo n't stay closed unless you tape them shut . They also feel cheap compared to the real Lentek Biteshield that I received last year . Very disappointing .
 I was disappointed in the packaging of my purchase . The product works well but was slightly cracked from handling i guess . It does work on wasps and junebugs so it does get a couple of stars .
 I really expected this thing to be like the one I used in Brazil , but its really weak and it doesnt really always kills the mosquitoes ...
 This product does not do anything as advertised . It does n't zap bugs , does n't even alter their flight pattern . I guess the voltage generated by this product is too low . Unfortunately , I was a little late in returning this as I had a busy past few weeks , but the alternative is the trash bin . It just does n't do anything . If there was a way of giving it zero or negative reviews , I would .
 These rackets are so awesome that I bought my parents one for Christmas . Ours must be a different brand from this one though since ours has been used and abused for over 2 years and after only 4 months this one that we purchase no longer works .
 I like to leave the balcony door open on my upper floor flat . The occasional fly likes to come in and aimlessly buzz around my lounge room ; this gets a bit annoying when there are three or four circling above my chair.My idea was to avoid insecticide with one of these Racket Zapper thingies.It was seized by Australian Customs as a prohibited import . Among the many things not allowed are
 I do n't understand how this works ... but I think gnats are too small to make contact with the outside wires and the inside wires . However , smack your hand while holding the button and you learn very quickly -LRB- and painfully -RRB- it does have a charge . You will also get to see comic like sparks fly from you zapped hand . I guess its made for big bugs .
 I expected the grill area to be larger than it was . I bought another one like this a few years ago . It was much bigger and also ran off 2x AA batteries and cost the same amount , however I believe they went out of business . My last one was also much more powerful than this one . I 'm pretty disappointed .
 racket does not work as I was awaiting , is very soft I 've seen other that are very powerful . if I depress the power button the bugs fly .
 I brought this because in our offices they leave the windows open and the mosquitoes swarms right in . This electronic zapper has so far killed no mosquitoes , but it has zapped me once -LRB- so I know it works ! -RRB- I 've attempted to use it multiple times but because of its bulky nature it 's not effective to swing around unless you have open spaces all around you . Also I swear I see the flies go right through the three layered grid without it ever touching the metal .
 The flies are happy I bought this because it is so humane . Why , it does n't even hurt them . This thing stinks . Go with a better model .
 I had bought a similar product at a dollar store and was impressed with how many bugs it killed . When that one died , I ordered 2 of these . When it arrived , I put batteries in and tried it on a swarm of fruit flies . They went right through ! Not a sinle zap . I tried the other with the same result . It seems to be able to zap house flies but nothing smaller . A total waste of my money .
 does not work do n't waist your money because u ll end up returning with return at your cost . . i went out and bought band new battery
 I was not expecting too much , but even so , I was extremely disappointed with this product . It simply does NOT work . The electrical current is weak . I could n't kill one single fly . Once , one of the flies I was trying to kill became dizzy and started to walk on the floor , but a few seconds later it took off again . Buying this product is a waste of money and time !
 I 've owned a version of this product from another manufacturer and it worked very well . This one simply does n't kill mosquitoes or any small bug . I 've had it for 2 weeks and have one kill -LRB- a very slow fly . -RRB- Since most people would want to use it to kill mosquitoes as well , this version is no good . Also , the racket head is smaller than other versions , making it harder to use as well . Look for a Racket with larger head and better reviews .
 Much too fragile . Quit working after a slight bump on desk . Seems to me a device used to swat flying insects should be constructed well enough to withstand reasonable strike force .
 It is okay if you can swat the flies in mid air , but the plastic breaks very easily . Also , you have to squish the flies after they are stunned , because after a minute they fly again . Even if you smell them burning , they will get back up , yuck ! I now have it being held together with tape because of the cracks all over it . I 'll stick with the old fashioned swatters in the future .
 It kills me not the fly . Cover the racket on a fly and push the button , after one minute the fly is still alive . On the other hand , I got electric shock twice when I tried stocking the racket -LRB- without pushing the button -RRB- .
 This item 's overall size makes it a challenge swat flies . Unless you want to get some exercise or hone your ninja skills I suggest getting one that is bigger instead . Expect to be chasing them around the room and swatting repeatedly . Additionally , one zap is n't necessarily enough to kill them . I 've had many flies shake off the stun and start flying again , so to be sure I have to `` cook '' them till they 're smoking just to be sure.As expected , it is not intended to smash them while they are sitting still . Doing so will just crack the unit , although mine still works.I will not purchase this item again , but in the future will look for another that is bigger and has more `` juice '' .
 Did not work . Put fresh batteries in and racket would n't turn on/zap anything . Will probably try to purchase locally instead of rolling the dice with another order .
 This product does n't work . The fly spent 10 minutes crawling around on the inside of the netting -LRB- I caught it against a wall -RRB- . He did n't seem effected by the electricity -LRB- if any -RRB- at all . I did feel the batteries getting warm , so I knew it was `` working . '' In the end , I squished it with the plastic rim of the racket . Absolutely useless .
 My family anxiously awaited the arrival of this product since we live on an island where flies and mosquitos are the norm . However when we opened the package we were shocked by the cheap quality of the zapper but that 's not the worst of it . When the batteries were inserted the zapper never came on , my husband being an electrical technician opened the product and noticed a disconnected wire so he connected it . Nevertheless , the zapper still never came on basically this purchase was a complete waste of time and money . It never worked for us but looking at it 's poor manufactured quality I could tell it was n't durable enough to last through the summer . Would definitely not recommend the purchase of this product !
 Not sure if it was just because it was only two AA batteries but does n't work at all . Can not feel any zap even when wetting fingers and touching it . May have just been defective but light turns on but nothing happens .
 The raquet only works on extremely large bugs and even then you still have to trap the bug so that it hits the inner portion of the raquet .
 Dont waste your time with this product , it was dead on arrival . I went to walmart and picked up the ORIGINAL bug zapper for $ 5.00 , totally worth it .
 As soon as I got it , I put in fresh batteries and went after a very large fly in the house . It did n't kill it ; it did n't even stun it . So I stuck my finger into the mesh , and nothing . The red light was on , but there was no current to the mesh . This just goes to show that you get what you pay for . I tried to save a few bucks and now I have the hassle of returning it . Get the Charcoal Companion instead . It 's about twice as expensive , but my friend has one and I know it works well -LRB- which is why I wanted to get one of these in the first place -RRB- . Plus , the Charcoal Companion does n't have the outside mesh layers . Common sense says having multiple layers of mesh just reduces your chances of killing the insect . Wish I 'd used my common sense before wasting time & money on this cheap version .
 Do n't waste your money . This thing does n't work . I have to go back to traditional flyswatter .
 It does n't work , unless you do it on YOURSELF . That is a shocker ! The fly lived in the wires for a while and flew away . I smashed a few with it , literally , but that is it !
 I did n't have any success with this . I had to chase a fly around the house and knock it to the ground . Still the zapper did n't zap the fly . This was a complete waste of money .
 This product is terrible . The current is really weak , so there is a relatively long delay before the flies die . During this time , they can just fly away to safety.A regular fly swatter is much more effective .
 This was a total waste of money . I got it so that I could kill bugs in the house without using poison . I put two AA batteries in , as per the instructions , and pressed the button when I wanted to turn the thing on . Last night I tried to kill a couple of spiders , and I ended up just shaking them off the bug zapper and stomping on them . One spider got inside where the electric charge was supposed to be , crawled around for a while without any ill effects , then crawled out and jumped off onto the floor . This zapper is a piece of junk !
 this is a piece of junk . it worked for about 1 day then nothing . the red light is lit but it does nothing in the line of zapping bugs . what a waste of money . besides it is made in china . like so many other cheaply made product that is sold here in the states for 1000 % markup .
 I gave this a good try , it stunned a couple flies , did n't kill even one . Do n't even bother with this , I returned it .
 I guess I should have known by the price that I was getting low quality . I 've used similar devices in the past , so I 'm familiar with what they can do . This model is very ineffective . Sure , I 'm trying to zap fruit flies , and they 're a bit smaller than most other insects you zap , but this gadget still only zaps about 5 % of the flies I target .
 The electrical shock function of this product ... does not function . The red light on the handle glows when the button is pressed , but that 's all that happens . What 's more , the tennis racket-shape makes it useless even as a conventional flyswatter .
 I bought three of these . One worked for 1 week . The other two I left outside , and attempted to load batteries in one week later . Both warped so bad that most of the attachments for the handle screws broke , and in one of them the battery case warped so bad that the batteries would not make contact . The one in which the battery compartment was still OK did n't work anyways.You get what you pay for , and I got worse , one zapper that worked for a week and two that never worked .
 Piece of crap ! One rattled and the other one I purchased did n't work at all . Do n't bother buying this product !
 Arrived at my door in broken pieces . The handle , which holds the batteries , is made of very thin cheap plastic . Spend a few more dollars and get a zapper such as the Charcoal Companion Amazing Bug Zapper which is sturdier and works very well .
 Bought and very excited when it arrived . Put in new and fresh batteries but it ca n't even kill a fly . The current is too weak to kill them . Totally disappointed . We used to have a racket which was a plug-in type and it did it job very well . Moreover , the racket is way too small . You have to be super fast to catch a bug . Totally waste of money !!
 I purchased this because my father in law had one . I do n't know the brand of his , but it works really well . This one broke the day after I purchased it . Real piece of junk !
 I had to give it one star but its not worth any . This Zapper does not work . Is a total waste of money . I gave it a try after reading reviews on here about it . I do n't know if it has changed in the last three years but ... in this economy I need every dime I get . So disappointed with this junk . I shouldve just bought fly stick tape . I have not been bitten by a bug in two years . Until I moved to Texas . I have millions of bites , bought this item . Was pointless . Not one bug was killed . What a joke . I want a refund .
 Cheap crap not worth more than $ 1 . I get the version they sell at Walmart and they last a long time . I wo n't go outside after 5pm without one in summer , but not this version .
 Bought two different models at the same time.In essence , these two , look almost identical . Made in China probably by the same manufacturer.The batteries do n't sit properly in the chamber and ca n't close the battery door shut.Had to use a rubber band to keep the lid closed and every so often , the batteries move and the zapper stops working so I have to take the rubber band off , take the lit out and replace the batteries in the proper place.Too much of hassle to return it.I definitely advise AGAINST buying this item .
 If your local bugs fit through the 1/4 '' mesh , the thing works . Otherwise , you should stick with a manual fly swatter . My friend has a different brand that has no shield over the electric frying source . This one works better in our neighborhood.I should have read more of the submitted comments before I ordered . That is the value of studying history . You do n't repeat bad decisions .
 Just not a good product . The zap only stuns the flies and they never die . Got ta have some more shock to make it more effective . Boooo !
 I bought two of these and either has yet to kill a single mosquito , all while I continue to get bitten and confirming that it is charged by probing it with a piece of metal . My previous zapper , bought in Thailand for three dollars , worked much much better and had a larger zapping surface than this one .
 This is a good sounding ` gimick ' ! Unfortunately , it does n't work unless the bug stands still when you bring the charged wire mesh ` racket ' in contact with the bug ! Not so easy since flies tend to move rather quickly when something gets near them ... !
 This item does n't have enough power to kill a bug on contact . I bought one from walmart 2 yrs ago and it has way more power and runs on the same type batteries . I bought these for Christmas gifts and hope that I can return them . I 'm embarrassed to give them out as gifts .
 This is the worst bug zapper . I 've used many zappers before that had power but broke apart . This one , I dont ever see using it enough to break it.There is no power , cant even kill FRUIT FLY 's , the racquet is also smaller than normal making it harder to kill bugs with . Overall this was a piece of junk that will be passed on the next garage sale .
 This product did not work at all . When we first got it , it zapped ONE fly to the ground , not killing it but stunning it momentarily so you may then kill it with a tissue . After that it never zapped again , the flies just flew into it and kept going . I would not suggest this product to anyone . We bought one last year from the super market and it worked all year , we just could n't find them this year .
 This item does not work . I have not successfully killed any house flies , fruit flies or any other insect with this device . My co-worker has a different brand of zapper racket , and it works very well . I have replaced batteries more than once , but it still seems to be completely ineffective .
 Truly a horrible / fake product . I have trapped flies against a glass window while holding down the button and watched them bounced against the mesh for 10-20 seconds , then fly through and then dive bomb my head and mock me . This is a total gimmick and Amazon should take it off its site .
 The insects were passing through the racket without any one getting shock . I used this with the new batteries . Not useful at all
 I 've owned numerous these type of zappers before and this is the worst I 've ever had . The first I received was broken and they wanted me to pay for shipping it back to them . The second gave out after working for awhile . I found that when it did work , there was n't much zap to its zapper . I had to zap the flies for awhile before they died . The ones I had in the past were more powerful and hence killed them faster . They also used a 9 volt battery instead of two AA batteries . I 'm now going to order a different one and chalk this up to wasted money .
 I ca n't believe some people like this piece of junk ! I have to use a rubber band to keep the batteries in . Plus the on button gets stuck in the on position . I should have sent them back . I recomend you stay away from this brand . Yea they 're cheap -LRB- $ -RRB- , and yea they 're cheap made .
 This was a waste of money . Glad it was not real expensive or I would be really upset rather than just mildly irritated . I have not been able to kill a single fly with this thing , though I have been able to shock myself once . I did this during an attempt to see if something was wrong with the device and was not even pressing the ON button.Stay away and buy a flyswater .
 The red light is on . But the flies or masquitoes just fly through or crawl inside super freely ! V disappointed . The price is bad too . In Asian markets , it 's sold at $ 4.99 only !
 The thing works . However ... It 's not as spectacular as my last electric swatter . The old one used to fry bugs to a crisp with a loud pop . This one just electrocutes them without any noise . Ok , it will probably last longer this way . It 's just so badly designed ... the battery cover when closed will torque the battery contacts just enough to make something lose contact inside . The button is dead . When I leave the cover off , it works . : / It 's a good thing the batteries are in there tight ... I would not buy this again .
 Has center screen -LRB- 3 total -RRB- that needs contact to zap fly . Even when this does happen the zap is weak . Not impressive but does work once the fly gets to the center screen .
 I bought this hoping for a QUICK , PAINLESS -LRB- for the bug , not me -RRB- way to get rid of the yellowjackets that keep getting into our house -LRB- 2-3 a day -RRB- . It incapacitated MOST of the yellowjackets ONLY IF I HELD THEM DOWN WITH IT FOR SEVERAL SECONDS . If I merely swatted them , it did nothing but tick them off ! One actually fell to the floor after a good long zapping , bounced back up , and tried to STING ME ! -LRB- Thank goodness I was wearing a jacket at the time -RRB- ! Those that the racket DID kill took a long time to die , and it was a slow , writhing , agonizing death . I could smell roasted yellow jacket for hours afterwards . Ugh . If yellow jackets are your problem , save your money and buy a GOOD bug vacuum instead .
 Firstly one of the buttons sticks which seems to then make it ` live ' vs actually having to hold down the two safety buttons . Bat head is smaller than other models we 've had before . Was effective to kill bugs but a bit scary to use , again compared to other models have owned . Would n't buy this version again .
 I had used my sister 's zapper -LRB- different manufacturer -RRB- and it was great so I went to buy one myself and only found this one . Thinking it was the same I bought it . It is horribly designed ! It has a protective screen on it so that you do n't zap yourself which is good , however it also protects the bug from getting zapped as well . Out of the ten times I hit the fly with this zapper , only once did it actually zap it and yes , I was holding the button down ...
 I have owned fly zapping rackets in the past and had great success with them , unfortunately this particular model seems to lack any type of electric current or quality whatsoever . It basically fell apart into pieces , did n't kill flys , and ended up in the trash . I would recommend finding a better quality bug zapper .
 1 . -RRB- Its not the product pictured2 . -RRB- The racket falls apart when swung in the air3 . -RRB- The soldering of the wire connecting the grille to the battery snaps when racket splits as # 2 above4 . -RRB- At a rate of less than a dozen flies killed before the piece of crap broke , after shipping , I paid nearly a dollar per fly . No friggin bueno.I bought the real thing at an actual store and its sturdier , has better wiring and has already killed more flies than nickels spent on it . -LRB- same price as this fraudulent product , fyi -LSB- and
 It 's much easier to kill the unwanted flies and mosquitoes ! All you have to do is pick up the racket , hold the `` on '' button , and SWING ! The bugs fall down for easy pick-up .
 This planter is junk ! I bought two of these planters to decorate my front porch . Within two months both planters were cracking and peeling paint . Very poor investment .
 This seemed like a reasonable tool for the first 10 minutes -LRB- literally -RRB- I used it , and then the fork broke off . I 've had other spading forks which have bent , but this one sheared off cleanly . Amazon could n't have been better about the return , but I would n't give it a second try .
 The product is deceiving . Looks like a strong fiberglass fork , but actually a cheap wooden fork covered with a fiberglass shaft . It broke soon after I bought it . The hidden wooden shaft broke in half .
 Very similar experience to the other reviewer who said the fork head broke off . I was using this fork to aerate my lawn when it broke . I 'll add that the fiberglass handle is n't actually connected directly to the fork . Instead there is a smaller diameter wood handle running up the fiberglass handle that is holding the fork on . This is what broke . It 's not hard to see why - it 's much thinner than any wood handled fork you would buy .
 The first time that I used this fork the handle snapped at the top of the metal sleeve above the tines . The fiberglass stopped above the metal sleeve and very thin wood joined handle to tines.The vendor requested that I e-mail photographs and promptly refunded the total price paid . I replaced it with one from Sears .
 I bought one of these spading forks at Sears several years ago , and it had n't had much use until lately when I decided to double dig a small planting bed . After digging about 6 square feet , the fiberglass got a split in it about three inches long . I heard it crack when it happened , and after that , it seemed to want to `` bend '' a little every time I raised up some dirt , could n't get any leverage with it . I 'm sure if I had kept working with it , it would have broken in half at the cracked place or maybe the fork would have broken off like others have said . I took it back to Sears , and they gave me a new one , no questions asked . I just now started working on the dirt again , and after working an area only about a foot wide , the shaft cracked again -LRB- this fork is only one day old ! -RRB- , so I will return the brand new one once again . I suppose they will give me another one exactly like it , not sure if I have any other choices , but I certainly would not ever purchase one like this again .
 Right out of the box the blade is dull and the grind is poor . I sent an email looking for a response 2 weeks ago but no response yet .
 This all plastic regulator does n't hold a candle to the brass one it 's replacing.Foolish of me to think it would give a leak tight seal without the use of plumber 's tape .
 The first time I used this pressure regulator , it appeared to work fine . Within the first hour , it sprang a leak , shooting a constant jet of water out the side . It appears that a hole left over from the injection molding process is plugged somehow and that plug came loose.I wanted the brass version , but could n't get it fast enough for my camping trip . Luckily enough , a True Value near the campground had the brass model in stock . I am very happy with this replacement.Spend the couple extra bucks and buy the brass version .
 You 've got to be kidding me ! I come from KC and a family of BBQ `` specialists '' ... I 've owned several offset smokers in this price range . -LRB- we move a lot to a lot of places -RRB- This is by far the worst I 've had . the firebox is two pieces and has lots of gaps for air to sneak in , the door does n't fit right , the stack is way too close to the lid when it 's open , there were bad welds that did n't even hold through construction . I could have done better with the materials and a welder myself . I 'm taking this back tomorrow .
 We got this grill from a neighbor \ friend who could n't abandoned it in place . All we had was a Weber and a gas grill , so it was a nice change . You can definitely do some good cooking on here , no doubt about it . Steaks , burgers , chicken , brisket and even a couple of 30-40 lb pigs.Pro 's - It 's charcoal - Enables user to use direct and \ or indirect heating methods - Good for smoke chips - VersatileCon 's - Thin metal - you lose a lot of heat through the body , and it is prone to breaking . Screws need tightening every so often - Need 's to be babied if it 's going to last - Top heavy and prone to falling -LRB- We BBQ in even the most inclement weather -RRB- - Must be babysat if you want your food to come out well . That means 8-10 hours for a pig . Which is ok , but the beer and cigars get expensive!I would n't recommend for a first timer , the reason being is that it really requires some determination to continue after several failed attempts at making food . It is n't really operator fault as much as it is just trying to regulate temp and smoke while rapidly losing heat through unsealed lids and thin metal . The dampers work effectively , but as previously stated , needs some TLC.Spend a few extra $ $ and get something , especially a beginner , can get the hang of rapidly .
 My experience with Char Broil has been horrible . I decided to buy from Char Broil because my Father has cooked on the same Char Broil grill since the early 80 's . In preparation for July 4th in my new house , I ordered the Silver Smoker . It arrived -LRB- as promised -RRB- just in time for the long weekend and I quickly began working at assembling it . But upon opening the main `` fire box '' I quickly realized that it had been damaged in shipment . Then I further inspected the materials and realized that the welds were cheaply finished and parts of it seemed to be only held together by the paint . I called them back and they quickly agreed to FedEx another fire box that would take 2 - 3 days . The part did n't show up . Apparently the term `` Billing Address '' threw them off and the part went to my old house 2,000 miles away . THIRD ATTEMPT
 There are two reasons to get this smoker , because you think it is great , or because you do not want to spend a lot of money for a great smoker and you have the ability to modify it.The steel is a little on the thin side , so it does not hold the heat like the thicker models do . The firebox is not sealed up very tight , so there are plenty of air leaks . Now you need some air to get in there , but I normally run mine with the stack vent wide open and the firebox vents shut completely . Enough air leaks in to feed the fire.Needed modifications ,1 . needs a hole drilled into the cover to mount a thermometer . Every smoker needs a thermometer . How else do you know you are in the right temperature range ? 2 . Vent stack needs to go lower inside the main smoker chamber . I used some rolled up aluminum flashing and slid it into the stack , then pulled it down so it touched the cooking grates . Now the heat does not float over the food and escape , it moves down to the foods level for a better cook .3 . Need to seal up the door on the main food chamber to keep smoke and heat from escaping . I initially used crumbled up aluminum foil , but then switched over to a high temp gasket I glued on . Makes a big difference when the heat is not escaping too fast .4 . Need to build a fire basket . I welded one up out of scrap angle iron and steel mesh . now I can just dump charcoal or wood right into it and do not have to worry about it clogging the bottom of the fire box and choking the fire .5 . You need to fabricate an ash scraper . I made one out of a 24 inch steel rod with a 4 inch wide scraper welded to the end . I shaped the scraper to match the contour of the bottom of the firebox . Now about an hour or two into the burn I can open the door and scrape the built up ash out into a metal bucket to keep the fire breathing properly.Now once you have made these modifications this is a pretty good entry level smoker . But even with all these modifications , it is still a stick burner and you can not leave it unattended for too long or your temps will move out of range . I used to run mine while I did yard work . I kept walking past and adjusted the the airflow or added wood , etc. I hardly ever use mine anymore because I built a UDS -LRB- Ugly Drum Smoker -RRB- Now it only gets used during the big parties at my house when my drum can not handle all the food being cooked . You can see a picture of the UDS at bbq-brethren .
 Got this as a gift from my wife . The hinge flanges on the main lid were on the front instead of the back . Sent pictures and receipts and they agreed to send a replacement and said they never had that problem before . This took several weeks and only happened after a reminder e-mail . New top came through the same way , hinges on the front instead of the back so there are lots of parts not correct out there . Hinge on the front would mean you would have to open it from the back and would not have a handle or temp gauge nor the screw insert to match up . Modified it myself at my expense and my time . Put the top on and went to put in the charcoal tray , it had the needed holes on one end but not the other . The top also has the holes wrong for the warming tray . Apparently they drilled the holes for the temp gauge , handle and exhaust stack on the wrong side . Unless you want to put a lot of time and expense to make this work , I would not bother . Other posts address the thickness of the metal and such , I have not gotten that far . Total trash at over $ 200 .
 I was looking for a grill/smoker , and I had some experience with Charbroil in the past , and was not disappointed . This grill/smoker did not impress me . Here 's what I liked :1 . Both the grill and side firebox come in the same package and are designed to work seamlessly together . And they do work well together .2 . It does have an attractive price .3 . The side firebox is to the left . Being stubbornly right handed , I prefer to have my tools handy to the right , not the left.What I do not like :1 . Thin metal used on grill body . Does not retain heat well .2 . The opening to the main grill area covers only about 1/2 of the grill surface . What that means is that you will have to reach into the grill to get to any items that are near the back . That gets hot , and makes it difficult to get that nagging hamburger that just will NOT get on the flipper .3 . I just do not see this grill lasting me for years , and if I need to replace it in 3-5 years , the attractiveness of the price just disappeared.So , I sold this on Craigslist , and bought me the Char Griller Super Pro and Side Fire Box -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- for not too much more . That I would recommend .
 Have been using smokers for over 15 years and last one - by another competitor - was looking well worn but still functional . Decided to surprise my husband and buy this one ... surprise was on me . Out of the box this seemed to have a few nice features especially for the price ... $ 199 . It included larger wheels and a stainless vegetable rack which was nice . During first ignition the paint and finish began to peel in HUGE chunks so the plain metal is showing in giant gaps . Finish on competitor brand looks better after all these years than first use with this one ! VERY displeased . Finish was ultra thin , peeling and cracking everywhere with first use ... fire was NOT that high either . Will be returning for refund but save your money and go with something else . JUNK .
 This is a good cooker but begins to deteriorate after the first cooking . Materials are not heavy enough to keep from rusting out . After two and 1/2 yrs . my firebox rusted off and collapsed with a fire in it . Not good . the metal on both the firebox and cooking barrel were completely deteriorated so I could n't re-attach the firebox . Needs heavier gauge metal .
 Be aware that , although the picture of the item shows a box of guards , you are paying for only ONE tree guard . Consequently the price seems excessive . I returned the item without using it , but the design seems appropriate and sturdy for its purpose .
 Do not buy this . It is extremely over priced . A tin can cut lengthwise will work as well . I assumed there would be several in the box for the price . There is only one . The price would be fair if there were 10 in the box but to pay this much for only one is far too much .
 Product is not as shown -- I ordered , received a cheap yellow plastic hose quick connect w/shut off , returned to Amazon for correct item , then received incorrect item a second time , gave up and received a refund . The SKU matches the plastic item , if you want brass , as shown , do not order this item .
 I received this promptly , but it was plastic , not brass , always read reviews before makimg a selection . Picture at webpage is brass .
 What is shipped now is a low quality plastic connector ; I exchanged thinking Amazon made a mistake and got back another plastic connector . This plastic connector is made in China . I bought US made Dramm connectors elsewhere and am happy with them .
 The stock numbers match up but the picture and description could n't be further from the truth.Plastic , plastic , plastic ... and it 's yellow . Not a speck of brass in sight.It 's not even a plastic `` version '' of the picture either.What was shipped is a completely different animal , and frankly , not worth the $ 5 I paid .
 Just horrible . Leaks like the end of an open hose . The various spray selections are identical except for the mist setting . The little deflection fingers do n't even reach the stream on most of the selections . It will operate at very low pressure , which is good . The only thing I 've found this useful for is as a mister for small , freshly seeded areas . I would not recommend this unit .
 The concept of this sprinkler head is excellent , however after buying 5 in the span of two years ... only 1 of them works correctly . I have a strange feeling that one will break before I know it . I would HIGHLY advise you to save your money and look elsewhere .
 I bought this at home depot last summer and after about 20 uses , it stopped oscillating . I went back to the store to look for an upgrade but apparently no one makes a better designed oscillating lawn sprinkler . I would be happy to pay double the amount for a solid metal unit that lasts more than a summer . Does anyone manufacturing anything of quality anymore ? Disappointed .
 i foolishly have bought more than 1 , eventually the plastic gears wear out , the head unscrews and you can not fix it yourself . It goes in the trash . Piece of junk
 The sprinkler is so great the first few days . Then the inner gears break . If it just had metal gears , this would be great . I posted some pictures of the problem weak area . Keep looking for a better idea ...
 Well I can tell you this is a waste of money . Wish I had read the reviews before buying this great idem . Well it lasted a week before it stopped turning . I guess I could not ask for better I mean It is just a plastic POS But I , m going to make it my business to inform the world every time a company manufactures and sell a worthless piece of junk . So hopefully you do n't make the same mistake as myself .
 I bought 4 of these 3 weeks ago . Now , all but one has died , and the remaining one is leaking . They look cool , but they are absolute pieces of crap . I should have read the other reviews and ratings . I was replacing my old Rainbirds ... . but they are all now back in service . If you want something that lasts for several seasons , buy a sprinkler with a brass rainbird head . If you buy these Orbit things , buy several , and you might make it thru one season .
 I have two of these and they lasted one season . Started to use them for the second season and BOTH of them had their tops pop off when watering . I had them hooked to a water timer so I did not notice it until the next day . Total waste of your money !!
 I bought one at the beginning of summer , the head popped off , so I exchanged it for another . I was away a week and came back to the head popping off of a second one . The garden was almost shot . I would stir clear of these if you can not baby sit your yard . Any recommendations on ones that you can feel more secure with ?
 I bought the Orbit H2O-6 Gear Drive sprinkler . I liked the patterns and the distance it would spray , however , it stopped turning in less than 6 months of use . I 'm looking now to replace it , with another product , given the other poor reviews here .
 Like so many other have reported I bought 7 and only 3 of them work 1 year leater . The other 4 spray but do not rotate . I have contacted Orbit via email but recived no responce from them yet . Do not buy these , if your thinking about it just thow your money out the window of your car and save your self the time and issues .
 The tops of these eventually unscrew causing them to spin around 360 degrees . After another few days of running the tops will pop off and hopefully you will be standing by when the stream of water starts spraying in all directions . Save your money and do n't buy this garbage .
 Just read previous reviews after purchasing 12 of these . I purchased mine at Home Depot under the Vigoro product name . Seems like the same problem they had with these sprinklers 2 + years ago is the same problem I am having . Used the sprinklers about 5 times and 3 of them have stopped oscillating . It 's a shame , because they work great with my well water system . Tried a few other types of sprinklers and this one was by far the best . My suggestion is keep your receipt . It seems like only a matter of time before they are gon na quit on you .
 I 'm on my third one in less than 2 months . I bought the first one at WalMart and within 2 weeks the top of the unit had come off and it was shooting water straight in the air . Who keeps their receipts ? So , they exchanged it for me and the new one worked for about a month and a half . Then the same thing . So , I 'm on the third one and it 's just a matter of time . There is no conceivable way to fix it either .
 I really liked the idea of this sprinkler and I really liked it for the short time it worked . Unfortunately , the first one I bought worked well for about a month and then quit oscillating and the spray pattern could not be adjusted . I returned it to Home Depot and replaced with another of the same . It worked about 6 weeks and then had the same problem . I returned it for another type and noticed that the bin where there had been 10-20 of these was entirely empty so apparently they had had lots of returns and discontinued the line .
 This is an excellent concept and when they work they are easy to use and have a very flexible spray pattern and easy sweep adjustment . BUT , I have bought five over the last two years or so , and only 2 are still oscillating . The others just sit there and spray the same spot . No movement . Judging from the other reviewers who state the same problem , there is a manufacturing problem with these things . You can occasionally get them for under $ 10 with a coupon at ACE or Sears - if you can get that kind of price they are worth taking a chance . Otherwise , do n't bother . It is a real shame because they seem well designed - apart from a bad motor mechanism apparently !
 Bought 5 of these , daisy chained them together , and ran them in my front yard . After an hour of use , shutting off the water , and starting it up again , it no longer respects the set limits for oscillation . It will spin 360 degrees now , reversing direction at only one of the two tabs . This happens on 3/5 of the sprinklers.Last night I forgot to turn them off . Left them on all night , and when my wife came out , she said the tops were off of 2 of them , and they were just flooding the yard with water . Pieces of junk , avoid them at all costs .
 I bought this from Home Depot . It took a little while to figure out the best setting as there was no manual included . It worked okay for about two or three weeks and then it stopped oscillating . No matter what I did I could not get it to work properly . I figured out how to take it apart thinking there was something stuck inside and I could clean it out . Everything looked okay but it would still not oscillate . I would pass this off as a lemon but after reading that many others have had the same problem , I suspect it is a design flaw . I will not bother returning it for another as I do not have any faith that a new one will work any better and do not wish to waste any more of my time on this flawed product .
 If I had written a review right away after buying this I would have given it 5 stars . Worked great - at first . But , after less than two months only 1 out of the 6 I bought continued to work correctly . The others simply stopped rotating.I took one apart , thinking that maybe earwigs or slugs or something had gotten inside the mechanism , but no luck . Now , I 'm a pretty handy guy , but there was nothing inside that I could fix to get the thing working again.I will not buy this product again . I have also lost faith in this manufacturer , who continues to market an obviously defective product at consumer expense .
 I bought one thinking what a terrific bargain ... . only worked for about two weeks before the head unscrewed itself from doing what it was supposed to do -LRB- rotating back and forth -RRB- and I found a flooded fountain in the yard . Put it all back together , and now it just sits there and wont turn .
 I bought 4 of these sprinklers one month ago . As of today 1 works and the other 3 just spray in one direction and wo n't turn . I have called Orbit and they are sending me new heads , so we will see if they work after that .
 I bought the tripod version but it has the same head , mine self-destructed after 3 uses , splitting in half and shooting straight up in the air . Could n't get it back together . No manual either , might have helped considerably but then again maybe not .
 Bought one last year . Mounted on tripod . Love the flexibility of choosing spray patterns . This year , it suddenly stopped oscillating . Disappointed that it broke so soon , but searched for another . Second head worked about 2 weeks . Again , it suddenly stopped oscillating . Stupid me did not keep receipt . I would be willing to pay twice the money for this sprinkler if it would work more than 12 months . Now I have two expensive tripods and I am searching for replacement heads with `` mist '' option . I have low water pressure , therefore impact sprinklers not a good option .
 Three of the twelve blades I recieved where darker and more discolored than the other 9 blades . With Nylon this discoloration is indicative of a too high a melt or molding temperature and or the use of regrinde in the injection molding process . It is also an indicator that the plastic is starting to degrade and go into modulas . Weakening and degrading elastisity strength and durability of the resin . Also the 3 blades in question seemed to wear out sooner the the other 9 . With 34 years in the plastic injetion molding industry I believe this supplier or the injection molder my be praying on a public that is uneducated with the plastics industry . The quality of these blades was very disappointing .
 I concur with the previous posting that this is a no brand aftermarket product . I ordered two packs of 12 pieces at about $ 12 for each pack fulfilled by Amazon for another entity . Currently the item is sold under a different seller with different pricing . Why the change is unknown , I guess it 's the dynamics of the marketplace . I have n't gotten around to actually using the product yet but my examination of the product received is the same as the previous posting . In very tiny print , used a 10X eye loop , in a circle on some of the blades is the word canada , otherwise no brand name anywhere.My experience with trimmer line like that of the orange colored Arnold with multiple cutting edges , a rather stiff plastic , cuts very well but does not last , breaks frequently , especially when used near concrete . Red square line made by Redmax is a softer plastic and lasts much longer . Cutting ability of Remax is not diminished IMO.Generally any time its stated `` for '' means aftermarket or no brand name product . The head for my plastic cutting blades came with Oregon brand blades and I 'm currently using Stihl , both are of softer plastic than this no brand product . The name brands differ by the diameter of the mounting hole . I had to ream the hole larger on this no brand product to fit my cutting head.I was able to find the unusual at a local mower shop . The item was the large version of air filter for my Echo SRM-2400 trimmer . Buy a number of items and the shop may very well be willing to deal with you.Currently the deals on products like this under Amazon may not be greatest but over time I 've noticed the Amazon marketplace is getting better .
 Very cheap aluminum , and was damaged -LRB- bent -RRB- in Shipping . Purchased from Ben Franklin through Amazon and they completely refunded my money with shipping and took it off their online sales cause it damaged everytime it shipped . Also had no rivited cutting edge on the bottom so the aluminum rolls up with the very first push of snow . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 Ames makes other similar pushers . Be really sure that the one you get has a steel wear strip on the business end . The straight aluminum will not hold up to use on a typical concrete driveway . The price seem to be about the same for either one . Be sure you want what you order ; I tried to return the one I got . Guess what ? The shipping cost was $ 91 . In a nutshell , you will keep whatever you get . I have two now . One has a wear strip .
 We were thinking about buying this -LRB- Camco 22703 -RRB- on Amazon for our RV , found it for a better price on clearance at a local retailer . No matter , our experiences have been in line with the other reviews
 Poorly made , when I tightened it down the crimp sprung a leak . I would not recommend this to a friend .
 Agree with previous post - pillow strap stretched out to useless when left in sun/dew for a few weeks . I live in southern CA and the weather is n't overly harsh , so disappointed with handrails pealing and overall deterioration of item in a matter of 2 months . Gave two stars as it was very comfortable .
 that 's it in a nutshell . i bought one . broken right out of the box . got a replacement ... broken right out of the box . do not buy this product ! i rate this ZERO stars , but that was n't an option .
 I purchased the sport series pop up canopy . Within 6 months the medium green top had faded to a washed out green - the top had been ripped apart by wind and the frame bent . Shelter Logic informs me a replacement top will be $ 90 and their pop up canopies are not meant to be left up . So , this if fine as a temporary shade , totally useless if there 's wind and it is not intended to be left up permanently , nor is it warrantied for that . A side note , the Shelter Logic sales guy I contacted regarding a replacement canopy was passive aggressive and bordering on rude . Terrible company and a very average expensive product
 When we set this up we found out that it was not new . It has been used and some of the tie down rings on it were rusted and there is a ripped spot in a couple of places but still holds air . We were also short the tie downs and we had to go but more tie downs after spending this high dollar price on this item and it will not stand up straight after blowing up , you have to prop things around it to keep it upright . Very disappointed in this item for the amount of money we spent .
 This is a poorly designed item incapable of handling simple household garden tasks . In cold weather the poly body of the wheelbarrow becomes brittle and cracks when even slightly bumped . The ` stands ' are only about 12 inches apart , which means that the wheelbarrow is tippy while loading it , and the stands get in the way of your feet while moving the thing from one place to another . The tube in the tire leaked immediately , and the green poly body fades very quickly in the sun . The paint on the metal pieces of the barrow chip and peel easily with no encouragement required.The handles are very comfortable , but man can not move mountains with comfortable handles alone . Horrible experience with this thing .
 I 'm not able to leave this seller feedback , so doing so here . My order was cancelled with no explanation . It 's showing that the item is in stock , so I do n't understand .
 The listing states that this burner fits Kenmore 141.16324 and it DOES NOT . Burner is much too long to fit in this grill.Thank goodness Amazon returns are so easy !
 This trowel looks great , nice soft touch handle and is aluminum so it wo n't rust . . so why 2 stars ? I have used it only a few times , and it did reasonably well , then , all of a sudden it shattered at the handle . Usually trowels will bend , but the aluminum scoop is over what looks to be some kind of carbony shaft that attaches to handle , and it just snapped in two ... I think if you use this in any kind of clay/rocky soil you would be better off going with something forged . good luck !
 The first time I used this trowel it broke in two ! It snapped where the blade attaches to the handle . It looks like it is solid metal entering the handle but it 's actually hollow , filled with something gritty that resembles cement . I expected much better from Fiskars . I ended up buying a Craftsman trowel from Sears which is much better quality and was no more expensive than the Fiskars.Update
 These shears are most unsatisfactory . They do not cut anything but the tenderest of grass blades and are tiring and uncomfortable to use . I gave up on them and regret the purchase .
 These finally gave way today , after less than a year . Lower handle cover fell off . Also , blades are loose and ca n't be tightened . Can no longer make it through 1/4 '' green without twisting like safety scissors on cardboard . The bolt is tight but the upper blade wobbles . There 's $ 20 down the drain . For twice the price right now , you can buy Felco pruners which is what I 'm going to do right now . 2 stars as they worked nice before they gave out . I would probably risk another pair for $ 7 - $ 8 , but not at this price.EDIT -LRB- 6/4/10 -RRB-
 I was looking for a sharp garden clippers that will stay sharp , I have dozens that I purchased over the years and are worthless after awhile.Then I saw this and the description said 5x sharper & last longer . I bought 2 immediately and guess what?They both last 1 season only !! The 2nd year , the sharpness is gone , you have to try several times just to clip a very thin flower stem ! Very disappointing.I wish someone would have reviewed after using it 1 year , not just when its newwhich was fantastic , I would not have bought it if I knew , because for lasting 1 year , you can buy the same for 80 % cheaper then throw them away !
 This was one of the first cutters I bought for the garden and has been the least successful . The blades easily jam , this is particularly frustrating when trimming suckers at the base of a tree and I pick up a stray wood chip . Part of the problem maybe due to defective workmanship or faulty design because the blades do n't make a tight pass and can become easily clogged . It only worked trouble free for a month before I had to replace it with the Power Gear design from Fiskars , a dramatically better product!This might be good for medium duty branch trimming and nothing else , but otherwise I would look at the other Fiskar designs for a more trouble-free and versatile trimmer .
 I was looking for a professional quality tool , this is n't it . the blade warped and cut into the anvil on the third cut I made . Bad gouge in the anvil means it wo n't cut clean any more .
 I bought these Pruners and after 1 year of use they do n't cut clean through thin or slightly thick branches anymore . The make noise when closing and opening them and the rubber handle cover comes off sometimes . I will need to look for ones that last longer and cut through branches cleanly longer .
 Jams closed frequently as described by another reviewer.After several years of moderate use the slide button became ineffective and unadjustable . It drove me nuts latching open or closed depending on the angle the pruner was at . Finally I replaced the slide button with a `` Nylock '' nut and bolt . Latches ok now.It fits comfortably in my hand .
 I have owned many Fiskars products over the years and all of them have been of consistently high quality . Except for this one.The third time I used it the bolt on the floating axis on the lower lever popped out . I reattached it but on further inspection I determined that it will soon pop out again.What I think happened here is that somewhere in the manufacturing process somebody did not install all the parts they were supposed to . Otherwise this unit is of very high quality.I gave this two stars because if mine had all it 's parts it would be the perfect lopper .
 At first glance the lopper looked like a great tool . It is constantly coming apart where the floating axis hooks in the sliding slot . I 'd recommend getting the other lopper for heavier work .
 I bought this container with high hopes as the reviews were great and my neighbor has had one for years . I used to have a soft bottom container and it eventually tore , which is understandable.I have used this container on and off throughout the spring and summer and was quite happy with it until yesterday when I went to move it -LRB- while it was empty -RRB- and one of the handles broke . I thought , `` Oh well , I can use the other side . '' So I grabbed the other handle and it broke off , too ! Unfortunately the container with no handles is useless so in the trash it goes.I wish I could return this and get another in hopes that it was just a fluke , but my return window is expired . Such is life .
 This is the second Fiskars product we have purchased , and the second that does not hold up well to the heat of a Texas summer , falling apart after less than a year 's service - and light duty , occasional use at that . The stitching at the handles has come loose , the fabric has torn - not what I expect when purchasing something of this nature .
 I have been using these Kangaroos for years . They are totally wonderful for doing yard work and toting along with you . I am very excited that they now made a hardshell bottom because after a few years of being dragged across the yard the wire comes thru . I tend to leave my outside so I can throw dead flowers , branches etc in all week long , and they still hold up great . It 's also nice that you can collapse them down to hang in the garage when not in use .
 Recieved hose reels very quickly . Hooked it up to rv to replace existing one . Worked fine for about three weeks , then the brass fitting split & started leaking profusley . Had to throw it away as it was no longer useable .
 I purchased the hose about 5 years ago and it worked fine for a couple years . Into the third year the male end blew off . Kept the end and used the hose to wash the soap off my autos for a couple of years . When I needed a hose for my camper i decided to take advantage of my lifetime warranty . Even though the hose had their name one it clearly identifying it they said I had to have the original receipt and packaging . How stupid . Thermal paper receipts disappear in a year 's time . And keeping the packaging ? If i kept the packaging for every item purchased with a lifetime warranty I would n't be able to get in my house . Ok hose , but make a copy of the receipt and store it and the original packaging in a dark dry area like a bank vault -LRB- $ $ -RRB- so if you need to take advantage of the warranty you will have all the necessary materials .
 I do n't own this particular hose , but thought I would share some information with buyers.There are 2 things that contain lead in hoses , the minor contributor is the recycled plastic in the vinyl and the major contributor is the brass couplings at the ends . Manufacturers do n't add lead to the plastic , but some is present in the recycled material . Lead is added to the brass to make it more malleable so they can form it into the desired shape.This specific hose is a failure in its conception . Why make the hose material drinking water safe , but then put on brass couplings that have lead in them ? It 's contradictory . It says drinking water safe , but then has a warning label on the back from California that says causes cancer , do not drink from this hose . Hilarious . Apparently only California cares about its citizens , as other states do n't care if you drink water with lead in it.Only buy `` drinking water safe hoses '' that have medical grade vinyl and nickel-plated or non-brass couplings .
 This hose has a very small warning label hidden inside the wraping that says do not drink from this hose , and wash hands after using . may contain lead and chemicals which can cause cancer and birth defects . now is n't this a hose everyone should want /
 wow , what a poor product . First time i used it , it kinked . This hose is the worst hose i have ever had . Wanted it because it was drinking water safe but it was the poorest quality hose ever .
 Works fine on branches 1/2 inch or less . It is rated to 3/4 inch , but branches much over 1/2 inch it became hard to get it to ratchet and the blades tended to bend . My pruner handle gave out after one summer of use . Fiskars has yet to respond to my request regarding weather they will be replacing it under its `` life time warranty . ''
 After only a couple of months of use , the flimsy handle broke.It did n't always ratchet either !
 I got about 20 minutes of use out of this and I was just thinking that it was doing really well for the price , when it broke in two going through a 1/2 '' piece of ivy.On closer inspection , the middle is made of plastic . It should really be metal . It turns out the ratcheting mechanism gives more torque than the handle can take.It might be good for cutting flowers or something , but do n't rely on it for bigger jobs even though it says it is good up to 3/4 '' .
 I had a cheap pair of ratchet anvil pruners I was replacing that lasted several years . But I should 've known better than to buy another plastic one . This broke the first cut on a branch no bigger than a half inch - really . And , no , it was n't iron wood . Better stick with loppers or bypass clippers . I 'll read up on other Fiskar products before buying again .
 It worked great until the handle broke . This is definitely a light-duty tool . Unfortunately , the package advertising leads you to believe that it can be used for larger chores .
 It looked like a good tool but I find that it does n't have the opening I need and does n't work as well as the $ 5.00 anvil pruner I found at the hardware store .
 Do not buy this product . it is cheap plastic and will break very easily . Most Fiskar products are higher quality than this one .
 I bought these pruners to cut 1/4 '' strips of wood for a kayak I am building . The first cut was amazing ! Clean cut , perfectly true , and very easy . The second cut worked , but took several attempts . It was clear that the ratchet was only wokring some of the time . After 5 cuts , the plastic handle broke ! I never applied more than the pressure exerted by one hand squeezing the handles , and I am a 65 year-old retired desk worker , not a 25 year-old pro tennis player with a grip of steel !
 The pruners were able to cut small to medium size single branches , but if your trying to cut more than one piece at a time the gear releases . If you need to cut anything over one-half of an inch or old hardened wood , do n't try it . I did and the cheaply made plastic handle broke . Also the cutting blade is loosely fit and will turn to one side or the other when trying to cut anything heavier than a twig .
 I ca n't believe the first time I used these pruners , they broke ! Literally , on the third branch I was cutting ! It was n't even 1/2 inch thick though it states it will go up to 3/4 inch.I thought by buying a name brand like Fiskars , it would have some quality and integrity . Nope . Cheap China made product . Very disappointed.I read all the reviews on the ratcheting pruners and thought this was the one . I have a great set of Gerber 's , but this had the better review . Maybe I received a defective set , but it broke so quick . The material is not good quality , just cheap plastic.I would not recommend this product at all .
 Was using it to cut my very first branch and the thing snapped ! Complete junk . Would not recommend it to anyone . Thankfully Amazon let me return for a complete refund . The manufacturer should not make a tool like this out of plastic !
 I found that the shears bend and twist if you attempt to cut a branch at an angle under 50 degree instead of a straight 90 degree to the branch . of course this is not a problem with very small branches , best for flower stems etc
 I have found these awkward to use
 This gets one star only because there is not a zero star rating . My wife is an avid gardener , so I was really thrilled to find this item for her for Valentine 's Day . But when she tried to attach this to the appropriately sized bucket , the strap just pulled right out at the D-ring . Upon closer inspection , we discovered that there was only one row of VERY loose stitches `` holding '' the strap in ! Another piece of crap made in China -- I should have known better . Then , to add insult to injury , I would have to PAY shipping to send this junk back ! Do yourself a favor , spend a little more , and get something made in the USA -- if that 's even possible anymore !
 I was disappointed in this product . The items did not fit tight in the pockets so would fall out . I could see that I could n't use it . I ended up giving it away to a charity auction-sure hope the person who got it can use it somehow .
 I was excited about purchasing this product and loved the idea of being able to carry my bucket and several tools in such a convient manner . However , I have found it difficult and irritating to use . Despite how firmly I secure the carrier to my 5 gallon bucket and how few tools I insert in the pockets , the carrier slides off after a short period of time . Very ittitating to have it and the tool end up on the ground . This happens with only one ot two tools or none . Spend too much time having to reattach several times only to have it slip off again . Totally defeats the purpose of its use .
 I should have listened to other consumers alerts . It looked so handy . I even paid the high price for the `` appropriate '' bucket . The velco holder that holds the tools does n't stay up ! I tried everything . Dont make the same mistake ... Dont waste your money !!
 The photograph of this item very clearly shows that it is white or light beige , with dark green trim . I thought , great , it 'll be easy to find in the yard.The caddy arrived today , and it is actually GREEN , with dark green trim.Whose idiot idea was this ? Once set down in the yard and forgotten for a few minutes , or left for an hour 's lunch break , I 'll need a dog to find it again -- it blends right into the greenery . Nobody buys a green garden tool more than once.And a former reviewer is right -- there 's too much velcro around the -LRB- important -RRB- bucket strap , and this tool will be useless in a few months , as the velcro clogs with dirt and twigs . Further , if the bucket is n't exactly the size the manufacturer had in mind , the velcro wrap wo n't hold.Phooey .
 Purchased this product and sent to Boulder , CO. . Local store , McGuckins , had same item for $ 14.95 which is $ 5.00 cheaper . Very disappointed in price .
 for the price i paid i thought i could get the tools with it but when i opened it there wasnt even a bucke i was so disapointed
 EDITED NOTE
 It does n't come with a bucket to wrap it around , so no big deal , eh ? I 've been to SEVEN stores looking for the right sized bucket ... they 're either too little or too big . The buckets I have looked at
 This is a good idea that has been poorly executed.There are ample pockets for your most used tools , and the size of these pockets gives you plenty of flexibility.For my own personal use , the seed packet storage is a lot of wasted space , which really ca n't be converted to use for anything other than seed packets . I think the cell-phone pocket is another waste of space on this rig as well . I do n't want to be bothered while I 'm out in the yard . I 'm sure some of you might agree!Where I am truly disappointed with this product is in it 's quality . The materials are fine , but the assembly is truly poor . There is a snap closure on this rig , and when it was made , the snap grommet cut right through the back rubberized fabric , causing that closure to be totally useless . It is n't worth the time and effort to patch the fabric , and install a new snap -LRB- or other closure device -RRB- . The hook-and-loop fastening strap that holds the body of the rig to the bucket is a generic low-quality velcro . The stitching overall is pretty low quality , and less than accurate at the seams and attachment points . Do n't overload your rig , or it will sag . Do n't remove the rig from the bucket frequently , or it will fail to `` stick '' . Use a dedicated 5-gallon bucket , and leave it attached.I would suggest getting something like a `` Bucket Boss '' rig , and adapting it to your gardening needs .
 No where in the description does it say this item is for children . It should . The tools are very tiny and the pink bag is even smaller . I pulled it out and laughed . This item should be called `` Children 's Garden Tool Set . '' I 'm sure this item was returned many times because of the mis-conception given here .
 I only bought this because it was on clearance at a Target store , so I knew how big it is . It 's cute and hangs by my small indoor potted plants and comes in handy from time to time . The mister broke after a few months , so that was a disappointment as I used that the most often to mist my fern . -LRB- I subsequently bought a better mister at Walmart ... -RRB- IMO this is not for any outdoor planting , but only for potted indoor plants ... tools are small and not all that strong for any substantial outdoor jobs . I have to say I would not purchase if not on clearance .
 Tried this out when it arrived to be sure it worked , and it was fine . A week later when the yard was being decorated the pop ups did not pop . Returned item to the company .
 Bought this on clearance last year , set it up this year and 3 days later we had to replace a bulb . No big deal until the main fan motor would n't power on . Checked fuses , power supply , etc. . Nothing . Called Chrisha Creations and customer service was n't available . Found out today they have n't made inflatables in a long time ! They were very helpful and are going to try and find a spare fan motor , if there is one somewhere around the warehouse still.It 's a shame because this was really cute and everyone loved watching it . I have a 2nd inflatable that has Santa going up and down a chimney . After one season the best he does is a little bob . I 'll probably skip buying more of these and start looking at making wooden cut-outs of characters that I can light up myself .
 i was really really hoping that this would work . however , i would be sitting outside with my hand on the thing and a mosiquito would come right up and land on the back of my hand and bite me .
 `` This product is toxic to fish , shrimp and aquatic invertebrates . '' And , I was hoping to use it while fishing and boating . So , it 's of no use to me.Also , this is not a `` repellent '' . It is a broad-spectrum insecticide . I 'm fine with killing mosquitoes and other nuisance insects , but killing off every insect in the area is not good . Products with Allethrin and other pyrethroids should probably be limited to indoor use . They definitely should never be used near marine environments .
 I bought this product because there were positive reviews on this site , however this product is the lowest grade leaf rake I have ever seen . The product was damaged with a ripped net , obviously during packaging because the shipping box was perfectly fine . Evidently the shipping folks did n't inspect the product very closely prior to shipping it out .
 Please see my review of the ThermaCELL MR-1C on why I decided not to use this product after I did some research on the synthetic chemical they use ... and , why I now use simple household , white distilled vinegar instead ! Works 100 % effective so far !
 I previously purchased one of these in 2005 when I built my pool . It has worked very well since that time , and I have always thought it is one of the best leaf scoops on the market , both from a design and functionality standpoint.Only now , 5 years later , is the netting starting to detach from the frame . Besides , it had a lot of sun-fade , so was time for a new one.Problem is , they are now making them in China , and the quality has gone downhill . My complaints about the new model : - the netting is very loose on the frame , making it billow out more and more difficult to control leaf scoop ; - the stub that fits into your pole is slightly smaller around than the old one and so causes the scoop to ` rattle ' around a lot when you use it ; - there one only one rivet holding the scoop to the shaft stub - there used to be two - so I am of the opinion that this will loosen up at some point.I believe this is a prime example of why we should no longer purchase anything made in China . Period .
 I had high hopes for this skimmer . The frame of this skimmer appeared to be made heavier than others I 've used , but it did n't hold up . The mesh netting is shallow and lightweight and is not constructed any differently than other skimmers . Bottom line is the frame cracked after using it for an hour or so of pulling leaves out of my pool . Not recommended .
 This skimmer slips through the water nicely and captures leaves well . Mine lasted a season or two and then the frame cracked near the handle . I thought I could mend the cracks with some 3M Structural Plastic 2-part adhesive . It 's very strong and rather expensive stuff . Unfortunately the skimmer plastic is polyethylene or related plastic which wo n't bond with the adhesive .
 We purchased this for a small kids pool . We have used it for one day , yes , one day and it is already ripping at the seam along the side . Glad we purchased it via Amazon so we can send it back !! : - -RRB-
 It is hard to skim through the water with this skimmer . It has too much drag since the plastic is wide which caused it to crack not long after I started using it . I would NOT purchase this item again . I bought a metal framed one to replace it .
 This net has too much resistance from the frame . It is difficult to use and does not easily move through the water .
 While some others have rated this skimmer well , I wonder if more recent versions are less impressive . I would not recommend it to others . It holds very little if used to skim leaves from the surface , and it is a real struggle to pick up leaves from the pool floor with this tool .
 I bought one 6 months ago from Amazon , same item number -LRB- 8039 -RRB- , same descriptions and same picture . Unfortunately , the screen gradually torn out from the frame . I ordered two this time because the price on line is cheap this time . But it came very small size , about 60 % of the last one . I ca n't use them . I have to return them .
 Ordered a pole and a net pole July 15 , 2011 . Received the pole on July 17 without the net , It is now August 22 and I still do not have the net . Plus Summer is almost over in Washington DC .
 I have a vinyl inground pool and this tool did not work for me . Instead of scooping up leaves , it stirs them up but the leaves go under it . It just does n't work for my needs . It is also heavier than the one I replaced making it more difficult to maneuver .
 I bought these thinking that they would give me a more accurate reading . Unfortunately , they did n't work at all . The pH kept reading high no matter what I added to the water . Within a second of dipping , the pH strip would go from orange to deep red . Finally , after adding and adding chemicals to lower the pH , I bought new test strips , which read in the very low range ! But at the same time , these strips read in the very high range . They were very expensive and I would not buy them again .
 Okay well 1st when I got the product I opened it and it was n't what I thought it was wrong size kit for my pool!it also looks very cheaply made an then was proven to me that is in fact is ... My mother ordered the same exact kit and within 2 weeks it was broke !!! Anyways I wrote the seller and they said to send it back so I did with tracking number and everything and guess what STILL NOTHING AND THIS WAS BACK IN LASF PART OF JULY FIRST OF AUGUST
 the test kit was ok but the instructions crumbled up in lil pieces when i opened the package & since i never used a kit before on a pool i had no idea how to test the water.also the maintenance kit didnt come with any type of pole so i still have to go purchase one that will fit those parts ... im still with a untested & un cleaned pool
 Some reviewers have suggested using malathion inside your home for bedbugs . Do n't do it . Malathion is wickedly toxic stuff and if you do n't know exactly what you 're doing , you can seriously hurt yourself by spraying it around inside your house . Propoxur is far less toxic than malathion is and it 's even more effective on bedbugs -LRB- Malathion has little residual effect and bedbugs have already begun to acquire some resistance to it ; this is not true of propoxur . -RRB- If you have a stubborn bedbug infestation , you 'd be much better off using propoxur . Check out my review ofINVADER HPX AEROSOLto learn more .
 The dude at the hardware store said `` my wife just puts these by the microwave and that takes care of them . '' Bull . I bought a 3-pack after this `` sales pitch , '' went home , put them in various places around the house , and watched absolutely nothing happen . This is another lesson in the you-get-what-you-pay-for line of products . With Ortho ant bait , it does n't pay to be cheap .
 The item looks lovely but the first one to arrive was smashed and unusable , the replacement had two broken nectar holders -LRB- the hanger part smashed -RRB- so unusable . I have cancelled any further replacements .
 These chairs are a nice color , but that is about all . They are undersized for adults -LRB- about 3/4 of what they should be -RRB- . The wood is very soft and light weight and does not look like it will last very long . Construction details are poor . Like the other reviewer , we would like to send them back -LRB- or someplace -RRB- but dont have the boxes . These are junk that Amazon should n't be selling .
 These chairs look good in the picture , but are very flimsy & cheap in person . We ordered 2 of them 3 weeks ago , and one is already falling apart . We would send them back , but we 've already thrown out the boxes they came in . Save your money !
 this is not a fogger as advertised ! it 's more of a spray . i was looking for an outdoor fogger such as the indoor foggers BUT FOR THE YARD . after spraying the foundation -- i did not have any to spray the yard and noticed that i still had a cricket chirping later in the day : -LRB-
 This kit is a great idea -- it gives you the basics to keep a simple pool clean -- but it 's EXTREMELY flimsy and badly made . The net broke -LRB- the mesh pulled away from the frame -RRB- literally the first time we used it , just to scoop a few leaves out of the pool.Hopefully we can get a replacement that 's better made from this manufacturer .
 The hose seems high quality , but the hardware at the spigot end leaks . After fooling around with it a bit I found they put an O-ring in that end that just does not work . I replaced the O-ring with a regular hose sealing ring and then it still leaked a bit . Adding teflon tape to the threads took care of that . If I were not using Nelson brass quick connectors this hose would be a total loss . Since the quick connector stays on the end of the hose the teflon tape works .
 Hopefully this is just a one time thing , but the hose I received leaked from the collar . Tried on different spigots and with different , or no , washers and nothing seemed to work . Just put in for an exchange , hopefully the next one works properly .
 Bought this hose because the reviews were decent on its quality and lack of kinking . My problem with the hose is twofold . One , while it is easy to attach to the faucet , it leaks significantly , which is simply not acceptable for a hose of this apparent quality and price point . Second , while the hose is not kink-free , it is kink-resistant , and it should be , because the hose is so unwieldy.Overall , it 's not a bad hose , but it is not worth the price . Quality is comparable to an Apex in being kink-free , and the Apex is more affordable .
 Purchased this product in spring of 2010 . The hose already has non-reducing kinks where the ply has broken down . Not the quality of product I expected from Gilmour . On a positive note , the connectors at either end seem well made and should be durable.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE .
 If this is the top of the line heavy duty hose from Gilmour I 'd hate to have bought somewhere in the middle . I only have average city water pressure and this thing could n't hold the pressure back for a few minutes without forming 2 large pressure blisters . The hose it was to replace cost 1/2 the price and was over 4 yrs old ! Never did it show any signs of leaks or giving way to pressure ! I only wanted to replace it due to it 's age and a lot of wear on the outside from repeated use . I certainly should have purchased from a local store Lowe 's Home Depot etc. , so I could return the # % $ @ ! ^ * & % # $ % thing ...
 We live in hot weather . It becomes too flexible and kinks . Needs more platinum . not too bad not too good .
 I was very happy with this hose and thought it would last a good long time . It is taken in in the winter and treat with care . I am sorry to say it is useless now . -LSB- ... -RSB- I Sure wish I could get a new free prelacement one . I 'm really disappointed ,
 I bought two of these , excited that they had a good warranty and looked sturdy . Regular use in Arizona for our garden and both of these have now sprung leaks in under a year of use . They have not been put under undue pressure or tarried with any sharp objects . I returned the hose ends of the first one to leak to the company per the warranty instructions on the package and have heard nothing back for 5 months . No replacement , no contact , and I have been unable to find a way to contact the company directly . I wo n't waste my postage on returning the second one.Unfortunately , it seems that this is the only brand of sturdy hose that Amazon carries . And since I wo n't ever buy from this hose manufacturer again , I 'll be going to Home Depot for replacements .
 The one I received leaks at the collar . Tried is at several different spigots and the same result . Guess I received a fluke . Sent back for a refund . I 'm sure it 's a great hose if it did n't leak .
 We purchased this hose for our new house . The connection to the water outlet leaked . We called the company and they said since it was brand new they would send us a new hose . Never got new hose . They said normally they would ask us to cut off the connection and send it but since it was new that was not a problem.This hose is very stiff .
 Read the Product Warning . It can only be found after unpacking the product . It says water from the hose can cause cancer and birth defects . It also warns to wash hands after using.Like most people I use the hose for many purposes including filling our above ground pool , watering my vegetable garden and general exterior cleaning chores and this hose produces toxic water that is unsuitable for these purposes.This is not the only hose that carries this warning . I 've shopped in three other stores that carry plastic hoses and I could find only one brand of plastic hose that did not have a health warning of toxic materials.After reading the product warning notice I returned this hose to Amazon without using it .
 I 've tried planting three kinds of plants in this planter indoors . All have died . I bought another self-watering planter at a garden store and in stark contrast , they are doing fine -LRB- Mesa Round Planter , 12 '' Blue -RRB- . I think the problem is that the `` strip '' at the bottom provides inadequate water to the soil when a plant is growing in it , making it tempting to water from the top , which is not a good idea since there is no drainage at the bottom . The lack of drainage at the bottom makes putting this planter outdoors a disaster and I think results in too little aeration for the roots .
 The hole for water is impossible to get water in , without a funnel or similar . It uses a cloth wick , and how that gets the dirt wet enough is beyond me . It just does n't seem to work . In essence , this is just a normal pot with an overflow reservoir . You 'd be better off paying a little more to get another brand .
 The fern arrived not properly packaged , very small specimen in dry soil , half of the leaves fell offafter first three days . The plant died completely after one month . Interesting plant but buy it somewhere else .
 The plant , which looked gorgeous upon arrival , was soon filled with bugs - bugs that plant insect killer did not kill and that ultimately had to be thrown away . What a waste .
 Shipment was very fast - product was n't what it said it was - I sent it back to them immediately and after 2 1/2 weeks I am still waiting for a full refund .
 I bought this for my little kids to play with out on our lanai , but it lasted 2 days and then i guess either popped or deflated , either way it was n't a very good toy , however for the $ 5 sale price , I ca n't complain , I guess they got 2 days out of play with it .
 The art work looks very scratchy and I at first sight I regretted my purchase . The velvet box looks cheap & poorly constructed . Most importantly as long as the urn holds my precious cargo safely , I will be happy . However , if I was n't in a time crunch I would have exchanged it for one of the others I purchased .
 Misrepresented product . Says 50 count . They mailed one . Lists 150 dollar value but it is worth about 2 bucks .
 I 'm comparing it to the algaecide plus by aqua chem . I put aqua chem in over the mustard algae ; it sank directly down to the algae in a white cloud . I immediately saw the dead algae pieces float to the surface . After two bottles of aqua chem brand , algae was left on only one side . Decided to try Kem Tek -LRB- cheaper -RRB- put it in two hours ago , directly over the algae . It did not sink to the bottom where the algae is . It simply floated away . Algae is still there . Dead algae nor blue dye is anywhere to be seen . I WOULD NOT buy another bottle of this . `` Two hours not enough time ? '' Compared to aqua chem more than enough .
 I tried this product on a very persistent mustard algae problem . It worked fine ... for two days and then the algae came roaring back . I 'll have to try something else .
 I did not buy this particular model , but the Hybrid . But I am responding under this heading to let you know they have crummy customer service . The first week I loved the chair and made a mistake of leaving a five star opinion on their website . Within one week the webbing came out of the chair . There is no way you can get it back in the slot . One week later the chair collapsed on one side where the screws had either come loose or did not have a nut on them to begin with . I ca n't get the seat pin back in so the chair now sits in the garage - I ca n't afford to send it back . Now mind you I weigh 100 pounds so I find this absolutely ridiculous considering how much I spent for it . But the real clincher is that I called twice where you get a recording assuring you they will promptly return your call . Did n't happen - so I emailed them and still no response.I find it interesting they only have positive opinions on their website .
 Product received is not as advertised . The bar is not the Pro 91 as shown in the picture and as stated . Part number 105699 , as received , came with the Double Guard bar .
 The flag seems well-made . Only time in the sun and wind will confirm durability.The down-side is that the touted ` antiquing ' is so far over-done that the flag looks mildewed and dirty rather than ` aged ' . If I had the choice I would replace it with a clean one with 13 stars.It was not a good choice for me .
 I drove 40 miles to my flag store to see this flag `` live '' because of the reviews . The flag is nasty , and really does look like someone used it as a mechanic 's rag . I love buying USA products but I ended up purchasing a 13 star flag that was made in India . The flag was sewn cotton , LIGHTLY stained and more expensive than the one made in the US and I can now fly it proudly . This is the first negative review I 've ever given a product so I , m truly not a whiner !!
 The quality of the flag is not what I expected . The material is thin , not a heavy weight cotton and a small thread count per inch . I can see through the material . Otherwise , I like the flag and have decided to keep it . I would not have purchased the flag if I had seen it first .
 When I first opened up the flag , my first thought was that it had been sitting out in the rain in it 's packaging during the hurricane due to how muddy it looked . Then I noticed the packaging was pristine . I just wanted something nice to hang up , but this just looks far too dirty . As a current military man , I honestly feel it 's too disgraceful to present on my wall . Antiquing is one thing , but this , as others have mentioned , is just too over the top.Quality-wise , I will say that it is well made and of quality materials . I suppose it 's a decent product , just artistically terrible . -LRB- Sadly for me , I bought this from a different site without looking at the reviews here first . -RRB-
 I was excited to see these and then when I finally held on in my hands it looked more like a flag I had used as an oil rag than an antiqued flag . Seriously , it looked more like an oil rag I had stored in the garage . A piece of cloth I did n't even care about , than a flag . It would look better if they had just evenly antiqued the whole flag than just thrown oil , or whatever they use on it .
 Says its fing antiqued cotton , got it today and its 100 % Nylon I am very disappointed and let down ... . a shame to America
 I rarely leave bad feedback , but in this case I feel compelled to let others know that this product did not work at all for us ... we had 50 + different fire ant colonies on our property -LRB- we have acreage -RRB- . We treated all the areas , and this did n't even seem to phase the ants ... I know that the fire ants can be killed , as I also ordered Amdro Fire Ant Control granules here on Amazon at the same time I ordered this one . After waiting approximately 10 days to 2 weeks after using this product and still having the ants going strong , we used the Amdro product . Within a few days of treating the mounds with the Amdro , all the ants were dead . It has been over 1 month since we used the Amdro and still no ants !
 I bought the Snowivor kit thinking I was getting a normal sized shovel . Instead I got a shovel you would normally keep in your car for emergencies . If they made a wider shovel it might be worth buying . This thing is tiny . The swivel handle works well .
 These signs are toilet paper thin tryvek paper . Wind will tear them apart . I ca n't figure out how to attach to fence without the wind ripping them . Must have some sort of backing to tape to . I thought they were ridgid plastic signs , not paper . I ca n't use them at all .
 Initially , I thought this bio/uv combo would handle my 2000 gallon pond . Man was I dissapointed ... This might be more suitable for 200 gallons based on my results . How and why this cheaply made item is worth over $ 145 is beyond me . It 's made of very thin plastic , there is a handful of filter media -LRB- gravel -RRB- on one side , a sponge , and 2 8 watt UV bulbs held by a cheap lamp on the other side . You can make something like this for much cheaper by buying a seperate quality UV lamp -LRB- with bulbs -RRB- and building a seperate bio filter . I ended up building a bio filter on my own usng a 1/2 HP sump pump , PVC pipe , a large rubber maid tank and 200 pounds of pea gravel . 10 hours later , crystal clear water . Right under $ 300 with all of the materials . $ 100 less if you by a sump pump from somewhere cheaper like Harbor Freight or Northern Tool . Trust me , if you want a clear pond that 's the way to go , not this overly priced item that after three months , did absolutely nothing . UV lights were shot when I recieved the item also . .
 Who buys a pond filter and does n't get the hose with it ? Damn.i did . I was so disappointed , its like buying a ice cream cone one place , the ice cream in another , and the toppings in another . Guys , the filter works , but be prepared to go shopping for the hose after ... its two different sizes ... good luck , you 'll need it ... not me again on this .
 This product is not as advertised . Is not a Homelite product and does not fit the Homelite Pro-cut trimmer head .
 Be alert about this vendor ! The following is copied and pasted from the Amazon listing upon which I relied : `` Line Pro Cut By Arnold For Homelite by Homelite `` This description led me to believe the merchandise was prepared by Homelite and was identical to , or substantially comparable to , the line that was originally sold with this equipment . In fact , the line I received was quite different from the original line and is not workable with my Homelite Versatool cutter . Because of the inaccurate description upon which I relied , I can not use the line and was required to return it to the Amazon . In the process of communicating about this listing error , vendor Arnold changed the listing to `` by Arnold '' in place of `` by Homelite . They also withheld a significant portion of my refund . When combined with the cost of return shipment , this was a costly experience to me due to inaccurate description . I will not do business with this vendor again .
 I ordered this part as a direct replacement for a belt on my Troy Bilt mower . When it arrived , I put it on and it was too tight . I tried pulley adjustments , etc. to try and make it work but to no avail . I finally compared it to my worn out belt and it was indeed smaller . I took a closer look at the belt - Made in India . I went to my local hardware store with both belts . He measured and confirmed that the new belt was too small . He sold me a replacement for $ 9.95 . I went home , put it on and it works fine . Lesson learned - save yourself some money and frustration and do not buy this belt replacement on-line .
 1st trip out , one wheel fell off after the other . Apparently , empty the cart is great , however when carrying groceries -LRB- i.e. a mile and a half away from home -RRB- , the cotter pins fall out and the wheels come off.It would be one thing if this were a cheap model , but at $ 65 , it 's $ 65 more than it 's worth.Stay away .
 I 've had this cart for a little under a year and , until last week , it had been one of the best shopping carts I 've owned - HOWEVER - I still have yet to find a cart that can take the amount of mileage and stress weekly shopping over uneven sidewalks , cobblestones and other lousy terrain here in NYC can dish out . I thought this was it until the right front wheel , which is plastic , snapped in half . The outer rim is still together , but the center buckled while going slightly uphill with 40 lbs of groceries on a bumpy sidewalk . To be fair - ALL shopping carts have failed to work out for me since I doubt any of them were manufactured to do more than very short trips on very smooth , even surfaces with at least half the weight that they claim can carry -LRB- and in dry , temperate weather -RRB- . I 've never seen a cart that can claim to be `` rugged '' and `` durable '' and be just that.I tried to contact Parker International Products to get a replacement part - but it appears that they have gone OUT OF BUSINESS . I 've called all their numbers as well and emailed them . The numbers are out of service and the emails get bounced . Bear this in mind if you want to buy this .
 While I did not purchase this item , I did however try it out to see just how well it works . The packaging states that this product `` kills '' , when in actuality it really only dazes the pesky insect . I tried this on a common house fly and was surprised to see the fly get up on its own accord and fly off in less than 5 minutes . Great concept , but a little flawed . The netting is spaced apart far enough that an insect can even go through the net while swatting at it .
 Maybe I am not suited for this product . It was hard to set up and really never worked . Should have asked my money back . But the , it may be just me .
 I can not really confirm if this product was the problem but I have had problems . It is probably the Rain Bird all together . My complaint is that to truly water your yard correctly you need to water your yard manually based on your yards needs . That way your grass grows stronger roots and can last through droughts . Because I water my yard manually I do not even use this product and it was a waste of my money . Every time the power goes out the Rain Bird would reset and I had to reprogram it . It is suppose to hold a charge and keep the settings . Yea right ! The stupid thing would turn on when it was raining , middle of the night , the day . The Rain Bird sprinklers would turn on when ever it felt like it . I would come home and the thing would be running for hours . I have several $ 900 dollar bills to prove it .
 While in theory this is a great idea , a simple way to hold ribs on your smoker . In reality the space between the holders is too close , removing every other one solves this problem . But the dividers like to flop around at every opportunity . In a pinch it works , but I would suggest a holder with dividers that do not fold down .
 Gave this grill as a Christmas present and the top melted upon first use . Very disappointing and a waste of money .
 Because the shipping company -LRB- DHL -RRB- only tried ONCE to deliver it and never left a note or anything . Said no one was home ... Hmmm ? I WAS home , out on the front patio firing up one of my smokers . Wo n't -LRB- knowingly -RRB- ever do any business with any company that uses DHL as part of their delivery network .
 Very , very disappointing product . It 's no stick , but only for the first use . After that the no stick surface begins to peel off . It was even worse after cleaning off the stuff that stuck to it ! Overall not worth the money , I 'm sure there are other comparable products that work much better .
 I received this item as a gift and was excited about trying it out - finally a solution for vegetables ! I looked at the packaging carefully to see if there was any pre-treatment necessary or any precautions such as distance from charcoal . Nothing but a recipe and five basic descriptors
 These are advertised all over the internet to be 22 1/4 inch , and will fit a Troy-Bilt horse tiller . When I got them , they are marked 4L220 , which means 22 inches , and they also measure 22 inches , this is too short for my troy-bilt tiller .
 I am a chef in Salt Lake City first of all with over 17 years experience in the restaurant industry . This brine pump does not work as well as the exact one it replaced . So i guess thats what happens . We use it every day multiple times and it just does not make me happy . I will be replacing this brine pump with another just like it because nobody makes a better brine pump than FDick.Jim
 Tried everything to keep this filter from floating . Finally pulled it after 3 weeks of no success . Is there a perfect filter out there ?
 I found that the net was thinner than expected and would easily catch on the cement blocks surrounding my pond . It also did not hold much weight -LRB- a clump of algae for example -RRB- without placing too much weight on a portion of the net , causing it to sink . A sinking net is not good for small fish and acts as a gill net catching the fish . The instructions suggest anchoring the perimeter every 5 to 10 feet , but on a small pond , surrounded by cement blocks , no real easy way to do this . It was worth a try but knowing what I know now , I would not have purchased it for my pond .
 The product title would make one think they are getting a dozen of these for a really good price . Even the Amazon customer service thought so ... nope , you only get ONE . This is rediculous ! Do n't even bother to order this .
 First , I want to say that nowhere on the box , bugzapper , instructions , or packing it say Black and Decker . I could not even find this on Black and Deckers website . But beyond that , this could have been made a lot better.First , the openings for the bugs are very small . I was as if they made this unit to be hung in a kids room . It produces almost no light for the bugs to `` see . `` Second , there is alost no way to clean the bugs off of the electric wires . The instructions say to use a blow dryer to blow them off , but it is like using a blow dryer to remove bugs from the front of your car.Third , there is no on/off switch . When it is plugged in , it is on . Something this simple on the power cord would have been nice.The unit kills the bus that get near it , but it does not `` attract '' bugs from my backyard like it should . Almost any other light source is brighter , so the bugs are attracted to them -LRB- the patio light , for example -RRB- rather than the bug zapper . I would recommend a different zapper .
 This is a piece of garbage , moths and other insects just walk right across the grid with no effect on them at all .
 I purchased this item , and took it back in two days . It says in the directions to blow the dead insects off the electric grids , with a hair dryer . Which I do n't think a hair dryer could get the job done anyway . The other problem is when you unplug the device most of the insects that were on the grids would fly away ! The grids are not strong enough to kill the insects , they just keep them alive , and stuck to the grids ! As soon as you turn the item off , the insects all fly away ! Bug Zappers that I have owned in the past would zap ever bug that entered , and you would hear the zapping sound . Not this one , it might zap one insect an hour or so , but the rest would all still be alive ! It has a Black and Decker Name on the box , BUT IS NOT MADE BY BLACK AND DECKER ! It 's made by a no-name company that came with a 800 number for 7 days a week customer service , but they were always closed no matter what day or time I called ! So please do not waste your time or money on this item !
 ORDER THIS DEC 13 , 2006 FOUND OUT LATE JAN IT HAD NOT BEEN DELIVERED AMD WROTE TO THE COMPANY BUT HAVE NOT HEARD A WORD ABOUT WHAT THEY ARE DOING WITH THE ORDER . ARE THEY JUST GOING TO KEEP MY MONEY OR DELIVER THE WARE ????????? NO COMMUNICATION !!!!!!!!!!
 I bought these things because I really hate silverfish in my apartment . Before I used them I only found silverfish in my bathroom . At first I put a big one -LRB- for large room -RRB- in the living room and one week later I found a silverfish on the wall just 1 foot distance from this repeller . After that I got two for medium room and I put one in my bedroom and one in my bathroom . Several weeks later I found one silverfish in my bedroom -LRB- near the repeller -RRB- then I thought these things might be pest attractors . So I unplugged the one in my bedroom and put it in the kitchen . But I still found silverfish in my bedroom and bathroom , and living room , but no one in the kitchen until now . Hmm , now I think these stupid things are just night lights .
 The product info says that cats and dogs can not hear the noise this device puts out , but that was not the case with our cat . After plugging this in for a few hours downstairs we found our cat hiding upstairs with his ears back looking like he was in pain . He would not come downstairs until we unplugged the devices . We have not plugged them in since .
 This product was purchased to eliminate -LRB- i.e.
 Well , these devices did n't totally get rid of our little rodent roommates , but with these plugged up in my room , I knew they would stay away . To make a long story short , I wanted to get an exterminator but my roommate did n't , so I figured this would be the best way to keep them out of my area .
 I would not recommend this to anyone . It made no difference at all with getting rid of mice or spiders or anything else for that matter . Do n't waste your money . I wish I had n't .
 Where I live , we have a lot of spiders -LRB- and their webs -RRB- . Put four of these in spots around the condo , there was a slight decrease in spider activity but nothing fantastic as I think it could be contributed to temperature change . I bought these in Sept/Oct so I 'll reserve final judgment until the Spring . If you have a few extra dollars , buy these , if not - just kill the bugs yourself .
 I live in the foothills of the smokies , so I thought I would try it and to my surprise I have had a spider make a web near it and killed a brown recluse lastnight . Hate spiders especially those kind , saw a wood roach on my drape I ca n't figure out if it is drawing them near it as it looks or they are trying to leave by way of the front door , where it is .
 I loved the idea . Wow , plug this thing in and scare away your pests . I read the directions , did everything it said and still saw spiders and an occasional wood roach from outside . I hate wood roaches and have been trying everything I can to make my house less attractive for them . I guess I will try some professional stuff now along with some dicotamous earth -LRB- spelling ? -RRB-
 It does not appear to get rid of pests ! It 's nothing more than an expensive nightlight !
 I live in a apt in nyc , so roaches are very common problem . After a long battle I finally got rid of the roaches in my place , but I can not escape the bugs visiting from other apartments . I thought this device could help with that problem . Also , I do n't like to use the spray too often or have all the baits , gels , and other poisons around , so I decided to try these things . Unfortunately , they do n't work . The first week I bought them I saw a big roach crawl under the door and walk directly under the repeller straight to the dining room . The ultrasonic frequency did nothing to it . Instead of this repeller I use Limonel -LRB- orange peel oil -RRB- is a safe alternative to use when children are present , and it does repell and kill the bugs.So , how to get rid of roaches ? Seal every crack nook and cranny with expansive foam , wood sealer , etc. . Mine came in through the bathroom and kitchen vents , so I put mosquito screens to block their way in , also I sealed the gaps between the wall and the electrical outlets in the apt with silicone and I bought a plastic stripe that closes the gap between the door and the floor . Also , my husband sprays once every 4 months with repellent . Good luck !
 We are trying to eliminate roaches . I saw -LRB- and crushed -RRB- one on my counter , less than a foot away from where this thing was plugged in . It does n't work .
 The only reason I gave it a star at all is that I could n't post unless I did . I would actually give it MINUS 3 stars ! I bought a 5 pack of these , hoping they would keep the bugs outside . Instead , they gave the bugs a place to live . They crawl into the slots . At least I know where they are when I get out the bug spray . Worthless waste of money !!! They DO NOT WORK !
 I bought it specifically for roaches . So far it has n't fazed them . I get a huge one caught in the sink every day . Same as before installing the things.Since there are also rats , and mice in the area , and I have had mice b4 , I 'll let them use the electric till they burn out . But If I do see a mouse or rat again -LSB- have n't seen a rat in years , or a mouse in months -RSB- , I 'll just scrap these , I 've never used a night light before , and I have to wonder if they are n't actually burning as I do smell what seems to be wiring burning since plugging these in . The kitchen one is actually warm.Not for roaches.Wrote this a year ago . it 's also useless on mice . Fortunately my mouse traps still work . Peanut butter on the tongue is still the best bait .
 I bought this product because I have spiders in my bedroom but after I pluged it in my cats went after it . He tried to pull it out of the wall , even though the package says it does not harm cats or dogs , cats can hear it and at least mine does not like the sound .
 I am not sure if it works , i have 4 of them plus a huge one and i still have lots of spiders and one spider actually made a home right next to the big one .
 It is premature to see if this works but I plugged the unit into the Lanai -LRB- what you call a back porch -RRB- . I was walking around when I noticed a large spider less than 2 feet from the repeller weaving a web . Not exactly working , as of yet , eh?I will give more feedback when I have long term experience . For now , it 's a little hokey.UPDATE : It 's not effective . Too bad I can not return it . I hired Terminix to use good old chemicals.At least it doubles as a nightlight . That 's all it 's good for .
 It does not work ... for whatever reason . be it that the mice are immune to these specific ones or b 'cause the idea itself is flop.i have two of them . . one on the counter and one near the place i suspect mouse entry . It does not stop them in anyway .
 My husband and I bought a new-to-us home a few weeks ago and unfortunately it was not unoccupied . After being vacant for around a year , we found cockroaches , spiders , ants , and other bugs had moved in . After fogging , multiple spraying with bug spray -LRB- professional and diy -RRB- , and traps we decided this ultrasonic product was next on the list . It was important that we used products that would not harm out 16 month old son so we figured , against my better judgement , to try it . This has not worked . I have found roaches near the unit and they do not seem to mind its pressence . I am now trying good old fashion borax , so far it seems to kill them but we still have roaches , although there has been a huge reduction . No thanks to the Black and Decker Ultrasonic Pest Repeller . For the amount of money that these cost there should be some result for the pests they mention and I feel this is outright false advertisement . The concept seems like it may deter rodents which is the only reason they are still plugged in because our neighbor said she saw a rat . Otherwise I do not recommend this product
 ARGGHH I feel like such a idiot . I fell for it and thought it would work . If only HOPE were enough to drive the bugs out . I bet all the big companies would try to bottle hope and sell it , it would work just as well as this thing ! I have 5 all going in my > 700sq ft condo . I 've seen bugs crawling right ON it . Centipedes -LRB- Scolopendra heros -RRB- within feet of it . And what the hell !? Are n't centipedes from the jungle or somthing ? I ca n't believe it . I oughta sue , false advertising ! They should n't get away with it because I need my $ 30 bucks back more than they do , I guarantee it ! Black and Decker can make wimpy hand drills somewhat well , and NOTHING MORE . ARRGGHHH !!!
 I bought this product no long ago . It never works . Mice still jump around , and even make noise . I call the company . They do n't have technical report . The product manual says , once mice get used to the ultrasound , it will not work . I never heard about this from other company . This company is very bad .
 I waited a few months before writing my review on this product since it is very difficult to evaluate whether it is working . However , I have come to the conclusion that it is not.We had an infestation of brown recluse spiders . I contacted a spider researcher at KU and brought him a specimen to verify this . I asked him about his opinion on the sonic devices and he said that he really doubted that they worked . Despite his opinion , I thought I would give them a try myself because they have received many positive reviews.Since I had been capturing brown recluses to show to the spider researcher , I had one in a jar when we bought the sonic devices . Since they are supposed to repel spiders , I expected , if I put the spider in the jar close to the sonic device , the spider would react negatively somehow , such as crawling away from it . However , when I put the jar next to the activated sonic device , the spider did not react at all . It did nothing . I even tilted the jar so that the high-pitched sound would enter the jar . No effect . Despite this , I suspected that maybe the glass of the jar blocked the sound somehow . So I gave it a few more months.We continued to have spiders in our house . However , there were less than usual . This could have been -LRB- and looking back probably was -RRB- because we had taken other measures for killing them . I hunted for and killed them every week . We also laid down tape for them to get stuck on , which captured a few . But I thought that the lower numbers might be because of the sonic devices , so I recommended some to my parents who also had brown recluse.They bought some -LRB- though they were a different brand -RRB- . But today , I just killed a brown recluse within 5 inches of one of my parent 's sonic devices . And my girlfriend just reminded me that about a month ago I killed one within about 2 feet of one of * our * sonic devices which are the brand mentioned above . So what this means is that at least some of these devices do n't work on brown recluse . And at worse , none of them work.If you want to sucessfully survive brown recluse , here is how you do it -LRB- this advice comes from several spider experts who I have spoken to or read articles from since we first contracted this problem -RRB- : - Shake out your clothes and your towels before you use/wear them ; most bites occur in unchecked clothing - Kill every spider you see ; as happened in our case , this will likely cause their numbers to dwindle - If you own your home , seal up cracks that lead outside and to the inner walls - Lay down duct tape sticky side up or buy the spider traps of the same designSpiders do not respond to insecticides and in fact insecticides make it easier for brown recluse to find food . This is because the insecticides kill the insects . This makes them trivially easy for the brown recluse to find and devour . Unlike many spiders , brown recluse will eat almost anything , including dead bugs . And even if you eliminate all of the insects completely , brown recluse can go for months without food . Unless you seal your home and fill it with powerful nerve gases that kill any living creature -LRB- which has been done -RRB- , you are wasting your money on insecticides.Now my family has told me that the sonic devices are effective for mice . And other reviewers have said they work on things like roaches . But they do not work for the brown recluse spiders which plague the mid-west and they may not work on spiders in general.If you have brown recluse , just be careful and kill them yourself . You will likely lower their numbers.And do n't kill web spiders
 Sorry to say this is not good for pets like it says . My poor two cats as soon as I plugged them in they went running to a room that did not have them and would not come out . Please do not get if you have cats .
 I had mice in my basement so I bought 4 of them . 2 for the basement and 2 for the kitchen . NOW I have mice in my kitchen too . They LOVE the Ultrasonic Pest Repeller . I plugged it in on the countertop and the next day there were mouse droppings on the countertop . I wish I saw the first review before I wasted my money .
 Do n't waste your money -- the roaches sit ON the device -LRB- yes , it 's plugged in -RRB- . Ants crawl right past it . I have n't seen any flying monkeys in the kitchen , so maybe it works for them -LRB- but wait ... I 've never seen flying monkeys in the kitchen ... hmmm -RRB- .
 Okay here is my indepth review.I have little flies of some sort in my Hydroponic vegie greenhouse . I bought this seemingly easy little hunk of plastic to make a sound that 's only bothersome little animalsand bugs hear .4 days after purchase the little guys seem to be flying to the ultrasound . The jig and bop back and forth like they are dancing ... I bet they are dancing , making love and reproducing to the Ultrasonic waves!I killed more bugs inhaling while plugging this in my Green house.Rather then take it back I suggest you huck it at a Black & Decker Exec as the are robbing us telling us this thing works . On the box they site a study but do n't show it 's reference . When I called BD they said , `` We do n't know what study that info came from '' . They are hornswaggling us ! This is gon na be big like Enron ! Corporate Karma!Update - 7 days later . I really wanted to give this product a chance as I 'm lazy beyond belief and plugging stuff in is right up my alley . If I have to go buy Lady bugs or pest spray I 'm gon na be pissed.SOOOOOooooooo I bought 4 more and plugged them all in for 3 more days in my small greenhouse ... . not a damn thing happened . Actually I think it works like a rave and extascy for the flies . There are more of them now and they seem to be having much more fun!So in conclusion , This thing sucks more then the suckiest thing that ever sucked a suck . Only buy it if you need some extra plastic hanging from your outlets .
 If you have mice , get a cat . This product does absolutely nothing .
 Have had these for a couple years and have n't noticed a decrease in spiders or any other pests . In fact just today I noticed a spider had made its home beneath one .
 It said it was n't supposed to affect dogs or cats , but within a few days of plugging this thing in my dog would not go into our kitchen to eat or drink . She literally did n't eat for days . She started whining constantly . We thought she was sick ! But this morning , I had an a-ha moment and saw that thing in our kitchen . As soon as I unplugged that pest repeller , she stopped whining . I expect an empty food bowl when I get home . So I 'm sure this thing works on small pests , given what it did to my 50 lb dog . But I do not recommend if you have pets .
 I bought a similar model also released by Black & Decker from Walgreens recently . While I had my doubts as well as having read the handful of negative reviews here on Amazon I took the risk and bought it anyway . Long story short , three days after I installed the units in my apartment I still saw cockroaches crawling around . They did n't seem to be phased at all by the units . I returned the units yesterday and bought Combat roach motels instead ... at least those I know work .
 Only one of the two actually worked , because it arrived in the package broken ... However in saying that the one that does work is going good .
 These are `` silent '' to the human ear , and there is no volume control . just the LED indicator , so one really ca n't tell if they 're working , let alone repelling pests . I still saw mice four days after I plugged them in . Caveat emptor .
 Do not waste you time and money if you live in an apartment building . This product was ineffective in those areas.Black & Decker EX410-2P-TP1 Ultrasonic Pest Repeller , Medium Room
 Title of my review says it all . These things are a complete waste of money ; falsely advertised pieces of junk !
 Bought this to get rid of cockroaches . I did n't think it would work , but my cousin insists that the one she bought really works , and it 's Black and Decker , so with those two factors in mind , I took a chance on buying it . It . Does . Not . Work . Period . After a couple of months , it has made absolutely no difference in my kitchen . I give it one star because there 's no option for zero stars .
 We have a roach problem and the roaches seem to be as abundant as ever ! Junk .
 I installed 6 of these things throughout my small 2 bedroom house . Not only have the number of ants not gone down , I think they 've increased . It 's like an ant nightclub here , the ants are doing a conga line through the house ! A complete waste of money !
 We bought a set of Black & Decker Ultrasonic Pest Repellers to see if they would resolve a seasonal problem we have with critters in our 160 year old house . Since we live in a rural area in the Northeast , we get rodents looking for warm places when the weather turns cold . What could be better than in the walls of our Victorian style house ? It is somewhat disturbing to hear * whatever * they are running in the walls -LRB- we have never seen them in the house ; I guess the cats are doing their job -RRB- . I suspect it is mice and \ or squirrels . We did not want to use poisons because we did have something die in the wall a few years back and the stench made that room unusable for over two weeks.Sadly the Black & Decker devices did not work for us with this problem . We have never had much of an issue with other pests , so it * might * work on other things , but we really do n't have any way of knowing . One other note , our cats seem to be aware of the units but not overly bothered by them.Not recommended , at least for rodents .
 I love jasmin plants and flowers but this one NEVER bloomed so far . I 'm really disapoinment .
 I was not to happy with the little plant . It arrived very dry and half dead and was just a tiny little twig . I expected at least a small plant that would be alittle stronger . The plant I recieved was about maybe 3 inches high and very few leaves . For a plant that is supposed to grow into a large plant if it lives it will take a loooooong time before it could be considered a large plant .
 I ordered six plants , and paid $ 56 for the two day shipping . That took about 10 days . There were only 5 plants in the box , and I would n't really even call them plants . They were tiny stems with a few leaves on them.Very disappointed in this seller .
 These plants came and they were small and weak looking . The shipping cost me more than the plants and so each plant cost me over $ 10 each . I feel for the price , they should have been bigger and more robust plants .
 Spiders are still hanging out in my garage happily and I do n't have a big garage , either !
 I bought this item to deter flies because it says it will work with flying insects . Flies will actually land and sit on it without any apparent problems . I gave it to charity .
 I do n't have mice so I ca n't rate it on that . I does nothing for insects . Also I had to give it one star because it was required .
 we started seeing small black spiders in our house so we wanted to try one of these to see if it would get rid of them.a few hours after we plugged it in and set it on the insect setting , i started seeing spiders periodically running across the floor so its obvisously doing something to them -LRB- hope its running them outta the house -RRB- . i have heard that some spiders can adapt to the sound after awhile so its still up in the air wether it works in the long run aand wether or not its driving them out or the sound is just agitating them but so far its certainly doing something and having an affect on them . *** UPDATE *** After a year the device quit So have dropped my rating down to 1 star.Seemed to only annoy the spiders when it was working rather than keep them away .
 i bought this product for my garage to help with spiders and other bugs.i have not noticed any change what so ever . matter of fact there was a spider walking across the front of it while it was turned on . what a waste of money . do n't waste your time it does not work !!
 If you buy a device that is ` inaudible ' to humans , and if you hear a disturbing ` cri-cri ' sound -LRB- not only you , but everybody -RRB- than you feel suspicious about the f &#305; unctioning of this device , whether it can repell the cochroaches and mice . Then you return it . This is exactly what I did , and I am still indecisive to buy another mice repeller .
 I purchased several of these alleged mice repellents with the ultrasonic claim that it will work within 2 weeks . The purchase was made at a Home Depot about 2 months ago and installed at least 8 of them throughout the house . I have a mouse stuck on a glue trap right now that seemed completely unaffected by the Black and Decker piece of junk mice repellent devices . Get glue traps , they are more effective than anything else I have tried .
 My friend had a bad mouse problem in a high-rise condo . I gave her my unit , and over the last 12 months , the problem only got worse , despite glue traps and other efforts .
 I can utterly guarantee that this thing wo n't work . I was employed in the pest control industry for 16 years . We used to find cockroaches living in such devices all the time -LRB- it 's usually nice toasty warm in there -RRB- . Sanitation , exclusion , and very careful application of pesticides is what you need.Rodents are sometimes repelled for a brief time , but quickly adapt -LRB- adapting to environmental conditions is one of the things rats do best -RRB- . Again , count on sanitation , exclusion , and traps ; try to avoid baits because you 'd rather know where the little s.o.b. died -LRB- i.e. in a trap , rather than in a wall somewhere -RRB- .
 I brought this pest repeller 2 months ago hoping to not ever to see mice again ... well , I did.On Christmas eve there it goes running across the living room floor into the kitchen ... This DO NOT WORK ... once the mice get use to hearing that buzzing sound they ignore it and come out ... Plus , that buzzing sound all day long is ignoring ... I DO NOT LIKE THIS PRODUCT !!! I wish I could returnit and get my money back !!!
 The repeller works fine at repelling , but when on the `` rodent '' setting it makes an audible chirping noise that 's annoying so it can be used only in remote locations where people do n't normally go.The reason we bought this model was because it can run on batteries and we wanted it for an outer shed , but the manual says that it 'll only run two or three days on battery power , making it absolutely worthless for this use .
 I bought this thing and put it in my garage for about a month . One night I saw a mouse running across my stove so I brought it in and put it directly on the stovetop . Later that evening I was washing dishes , and the mouse ran back and forth from behind my microwave with his little cheeks full of Shake 'n' Bake RIGHT PAST THE RODENT REPELLANT FIVE TIMES !!!
 I just purchased this B&D ; pest repeller for an off-grid cabin . I bought this specific model because it also takes a 9-volt battery . About the sound it emits - there is noise coming from the unit , but you really have to be paying attention to hear it . I would n't recommend buying it for a bedroom or living area . Get it planning to place it in your basement , garage , seasonal cabin -LRB- with electricity -RRB- , etc. -- UPDATE -- DO N'T MAKE THE MISTAKE I MADE - ACCORDING TO THE MANUAL , THE BATTERY LIFE IS ONLY 2-4 DAYS , OPERATING CONTINUOUSLY FOR 24 HOURS A DAY.That little tidbit of information should be in the product description . Guess I will be plugging it into the garage and setting up Adirondack traps in the cabin . Joy !
 This product is useless for mice . i have been using this for the past 5 months or so and i still have mice problem.I am looking at other options now .
 When I first got this home , it seemed to do the trick ok . The mice really avoided it , however we could still hear them across the room . I was going to order a couple more to place around the room , but they walk right past it now ! It does n't seem to affect them at all ! For $ 20 it 's not a bad deal because obviously it works for some people , it just did n't work for us : -LRB-
 I purchased this product as I was familiar with the Black & Decker brand name . The reason for this purchase is because I had seen/killed several maybe two or three roaches in my kitchen over the last week . After cleaning everything & not finding anymore I plugged the repeller to repel any future pests . About two days later I saw another roach not far from the ultrasonic pest repeller ; in fact it was right on TOP of the repeller as if it was doing an inspection ! I quickly got rid of the pest & took the product outside to the back & plugged it in near spiders & other outside bugs . They were not fazed by the thing at all . You will be better off just calling someone to take care of the problem for you .
 I bought these a month ago and they absolutely DID NOT work for me . I have a photo to prove it . Seems like they have gotten worse since i got these . I find more mouse poo and pee than ever before . I have a photo of a mouse being caught in a glue trap right underneath the repellent ! This has happened 3 times already . It 's crazy . Big waste of money for me .
 I purchased this product over a month ago . I was informed that it wouldtake at least two weeks to see its effectiveness . I went into my kitchenat 630am and saw a mouse bigger than the one I had seen over a month ago.I spent over $ 60.00 placing these repellents throughout my entire house.They do not work . I am very disappointed , and would like my money back . Igave one star because they look nice .
 I do n't think this product works - I installed 2 of them and my rooms are not that big . I saw a mouse even after that . I think I will have to engage professional pest control . If you are buying to control rodents do n't bother to waste yr money .
 Totally not worth it ! I was shocked to see spiders crawling across the stupid thing more than once ! It does n't work . I 've had it for several months and I am still seeing bugs all over the place .
 These devices , tested by the FDA decades ago -LRB- including the ones with variable and intermittent pitches -RRB- do not work . There have been a number of class-action lawsuits against the companies that sell these . They simply do n't , and ca n't , work against insects or rodents . It 's science !
 Yes there is a circuit board inside and it is not encapsulated , so it gets corroded and full of bugs and trash . But the worst part is that it 's a poor design and mechanically flimsy . The `` adjustment '' is a plastic lever that moves the entire circuit board up and down . The slot that the lever travels in is the biggest opening in the case and that 's how trash and bugs get in . The water tray is a flimsy piece with poor attachment and mine has simply disappeared . I 'm guessing the wind blew it far , far away as it 's not anywhere on my property.Electrically , it 's very basic and I was surprised to see it contains a fuse . That 's ridiculous in a consumer device . How many people will know there is a blown fuse inside that can be replaced ? The proper way to design such a circuit is with either a current limiting device or a self resetting circuit breaker.And the price is absurd , even if it were well designed and manufactured .
 Had one of these and it failed after just a few years . Contrary to what another reviewer stated , it is not just two screws sticking out . There is a printed circuit board inside with electronic components . That 's where the problem is . The board has zero protection from the elements and from bugs . Mine literally had bugs crawling inside and the board was corroded.A much more reliable and less expenseive option is the Orbit unit . This is strictly electro-mechanical with little fiber washers that expand when they get wet and push on a switch contact.I would stay away from any system -LRB- water shutoff , light timer , you name it -RRB- that mounts outside the house and contains electronics that are not fully encapsulated or sealed .
 Why would anyone design a hose pot with absolutely no drainage in the bottom ??? Beats me !! You ca n't turn it over to empty it out once the 50 or more feet of hose is in it . Only thing to do is get out your drill and put in your own holes . Also a lot of money for a piece of plastic . Not bad enough for me to repack and return , but would not buy again .
 I would argue this is not even a hose bowl but appears to be a planter the manufacturer re-selling as that falsely . A couple big items :1 -RRB- This is not a stone pot , it is a very cheap light plastic2 -RRB- There is no drainage at the bottom or lid , so if it rains , guess what happens to your bowl .3 -RRB- There is no cylinder down the middle to allow for easy rolling of the hose , which means lots of knots and a complete mess inside.Go buy the real thing .
 These work but you 'll have to drill holes in them to let out rainwater . The material is not very heavy , so pulling the hose out sometimes takes the entire contraption along with you . I 'd prefer heavier-gauge plastic or better yet , ceramic .
 Pot appeared as described -- but -- much too light . It tipped over every time it was used . No drain hoes -- so you have to dump rainwater out . Got a ceramic one ... with holes .
 I am returning this . The CIA could use this thing instead of waterboarding ! If you plan to put it in a garage ot basement you are never in , then try it . I do n't know how they can claim its for living rooms and leave it on 24/7 . I thought it was supposed to be at a level inaudiable to humans . You litterally have to plug your ears because it is so obnoxious . I put it on the load setting . It does have a quiet setting , but I 'm thinking that is probably not as effective . So , I 'll take my 40 bucks back .
 Bought this thinking it would keep mosquitoes away from my room , but it did n't work . And the noise is very annoying , even when it is on quiet . Do n't buy it !
 There oughta be a law.I can utterly guarantee that this thing wo n't work . I was employed in the pest control industry for 16 years . We used to find cockroaches living in such devices all the time -LRB- it 's usually nice toasty warm in there -RRB- . Sanitation , exclusion , and very careful application of pesticides is what you need.Rodents are sometimes repelled for a brief time , but quickly adapt -LRB- adapting to environmental conditions is one of the things rats do best -RRB- . Again , count on sanitation , exclusion , and traps ; try to avoid baits because you 'd rather know where the little s.o.b. died -LRB- i.e. in a trap , rather than in a wall somewhere -RRB- .
 I soooo wish I could tell you these work . I desperately wanted them to . What a beautiful thing it would be to keep the mice/rats away without poison or traps . Kill free , mess free , and a free conscience . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . They make a constant clacking noise - that yes , you can hear ... you ca n't escape - and they do Nothing for the critters . There was absolutely no effect except for the machine 's noise drowning out the sound of their scurrying.Anyone who 's `` problem '' has disappeared when they began using this machine simply benefitted from a Happy Coincidence .
 I bought this , looking for a humane way to keep mice out of our office . As soon as I plugged it in I thought something was wrong . It was so loud ! I looked and found it on the highest setting . Moving it to medium did n't help and even on the lowest setting , I could n't tolerate it longer than one hour . I would be very concerned about long term hearing damage and I am returning mine today .
 We purchased two Black & Decker EP 1100-A Ultrasonic Pest Repeller units through Amazon for help with a rodent problem at our home in New Mexico . After carefully reading the instructions -LRB- which were inadequate at best -RRB- , I set the unit for rodent control and at `` loud '' . I incorrectly assumed that , like the smaller Black & Decker units , the EP 1100-A would be inaudible to human hearing . Since the electric receptacle was at floor level , I was sitting on the floor next to the unit when I plugged it in . The unit immediately began emitting an ear-piercing , high-pitched shrilling noise . I fumbled with the unit to turn the noise level down and ultimately just unplugged it . However , the hearing in my left ear had been injured by the unit by the time I unplugged it . It is now almost a week later and my ear still hurts . I called the Black & Decker customer service line as soon as it became apparent that my hearing had been injured . The representative I spoke with was unfamiliar with the unit and said that someone would call me back within a week . I am still waiting to hear back from Black & Decker .
 We get a lot of mice and stink bugs in the fall , so I bought several brands of ultrasonic pest control products . I thought this one looked good , but it made NO difference . In fact I placed it on the deck one evening on FULL and watched as several chipmunks -LRB- when the sun was up -RRB- and mice came up to it , smiffed it , then either sat and cleaned themselves , are seeds near it or just wandered off in no big hurry . It is now in the computer room on high and it actually seem to be attracting flies and stink bugs to the room!Oh well .
 This thing appears to be working . Mice were gone while it was on for 2 days , and one came back 3 hours after we shut it off.HOWEVER , 2 important points to consider1 -RRB- It obviously affects more than just pests . Even in `` quiet '' `` pest '' mode , our neighbor 's dog -LRB- 2 flights down -RRB- refused to leave the apartment and appeared sick for two days . We found out he 's acting sick in a random chat , thought there might be a connection , turned this thing off and within 10 minutes he was back to normal . I would not use this around pets - and by that I mean at least 50 yards away .2 -RRB- It 's noisy . It makes a very audible clicking sound which could be suitable for a garage environment , but not in a place where you 'd want to hang around in .
 ... but it has n't worked at all for me . Put it in my attic , and have actually found rodent droppings near it.Unlike other pest repellers , this one is not ultrasonic . It creates an annoying , audible clacking.I do want to clarify one thing
 I ordered two of these devices and used them for 3 weeks . I wanted to get rid of some mice living in my attic . The mice were not bothered by the device . I finally set some traps and caught the mice within 3 feet of the device while it was running at its highest setting . The noise certainly bother me , but it did not bother the mice .
 I 've had this for over a year-mice/rats just ignore it ; makes an annoying sound for humans but doesnot seem to effect the rats . I would save your money and try something else .
 Bought this product to &#34; discourage &#34; squirrels in my attic . The setting for large rodents is ear piercing . Nothing about this is ultrasonic . It 's so loud I ca n't use it . It could be heard all throughout the house -LRB- even though I placed it in the attic -RRB- and even outside.However , I did use this in my basement for discouraging spiders . This setting is non-audible and seemed to work .
 This product is very loud on the rodent setting . I even tried the next setting down which is rodent/insect but I could hear it 10 feet outside of my garage with the door completely closed . Because I did n't want the neighbors to complain , I had to turn it down to the lowest setting which is for insects . However , I bought this to resolve a mouse issue . Not sure what I will do at this point .
 Deployed in motorhome during winter months . No food of any type stored in motorhome . Set unit on tile floor to maximize obnoxious sound emitted by this unit . Opened all cabinets to eliminate anything hindering sound wave propogation . Field mice started eating a bar of soap two feet away from this unit . This product is a joke and is not recommended to anyone -LRB- except one wishing to throw money away ! -RRB-
 I bought this item about a month ago ... I have a brown widow problem on my screened in porch . I set it up on the insect setting on medium volume . It sounds a little like cicadas or other type bug , but inside the house , with the door closed it was n't noticeable . It does have a loud and a quiet setting , if you did need it inside.I turned it on and moved it 's location once a week around the patio . However , it 's been in it 's current spot for the last two weeks and I just found a large brown widow and two happy little egg sacs living only 6 inches away from the unit right under my child 's tricycle . : -LRB- I was really hoping this would be my answer for my spider problem , but it does n't seem to be.If you are looking for a spider repeller ... this is not it . If anyone has found one that does work on spiders , please let me know ! :-RRB- Thanks
 Based on previous reviews , I purchased this to try to get rid of a pesky raccoon . No luck there . Sadly , the unit stopped working on the high setting after using it for less than a week . I would not recommend this for purchase .
 I got the unit a few days ago and set it up in my garage . In the past , it appears that the field mice have been entering my house in the winter through the garage , so it made sense to install it there . I found the unit loud and annoying , but it did n't seem to affect any of my dogs on the first floor . Unfortunately , on the third day , I actually saw a field mouse run into the garage when I opened the garage door , so the unit does n't seem to keep field mice out . Hopefully the mouse -LRB- mice -RRB- will leave because the unit is so annoying . I have also ordered an Attack Wave Pestrepeller which may also help .
 For a product that claims to repel rats to not actually do so is called &#34; false advertising &#34; . I bought the EP1100-A because we have a rat problem in the winter and before I fix all the &#34; entrances &#34; I wanted to evict the current residences in a humain way . Guess I 'll have to do it the old fashion way and close the entrances and then use rat traps to kill the remaining rats .
 Purchased the B&D Ultrasonic Pest Repeller to try to chase squirrels from the attic . Unfortunately the repeller was not `` ultrasonic '' . It let off a loud audible noice that could be hear from the attic into the bedrooms . Although the noise did not keep us from sleeping , it did not seem to have any effect on the squirrels , either . In fact it seeems that the one we had heard brought his family into the attic to join him . Based upon reading other product reviews , it seems that these sonic and ultrasonic repellers are not effective . I would recommend not expecting these types of products to be helpful for keeping pests away .
 I 'm not sure by what definition this unit was labeled ultrasonic , but it is clearly and very annoyingly audible to both humans and dogs . As soon as I plugged it in and heard the racket , it went back into the box and back to Amazon .
 The description about this device is very deceptive . If you are looking for a device that pests can hear but that you ca n't you will be very disappointed . I sent the first device I ordered back because I thought it was defective when it made a really loud audible noise . The second one I got was the same . If you put this in your attic and set it for rodents , you will hear it in your living space .
 Have mice in attached garage . Bought this thinking it would be better than traps and poison given the number of pets in the neighborhood.Turned it on to the rodent setting . It was so loud my neighbors thought that either my smoke detectors or burglar alarm had activated . It could be heard in my house , in the backyard . It not only would irritate the beegeebers out of the rodents , but any thing else that was n't hearing impared.I had to return it . It just wo n't work in my situation .
 It 's a very cheaply made machine that broke down in two weeks . Also , it 's not `` ultrasonic '' in a way that 's not audible to humans at all . It 's just obnoxiously loud to everyone .
 I purchased this unit because I read the good reviews and thought I would give it a try for my problem with squirrels . Each year squirrels nest the in same spot above my living room ceiling in my attic . I had an A/C outlet installed in my attic near the nest -LRB- about 10 ft away -RRB- and installed this pest repeller . I set the pest switch to insects/rodents and the volume to medium initially for about a week and left it on 24/7 . The squirrels were not deterred . I changed the settings to rodents and loud and even installed it on a timer so that it would only come on at night since the loud setting can be heard in the living room and adjacent kitchen . After several weeks of use the squirrels are still there . I wish I could return it as it does n't work for the squirrels in my attic . I am past the 30 days return period . I guess I can try it on insects and see if it keeps the roaches away that are outside on the back deck !
 The noise is unbearable . I do n't know how they can advertise this as something you could use in the house . I have put it outside in my jeep with all the windows rolled up and you can still hear it . It does however seem to be keeping the rats out of my jeep , which is what I bought it for .
 I 've had this thing plugged in and set to rid the rodents AND insects for 8 weeks now . The mouse in my house ate some poison and died a slow death in the bathroom , but there are spider webs ON the Pest Repeller . How much repelling is it actually doing ? Looks like none ; I am very disappointed . I gave it one star but it deserves none . Sidenote
 I use lighting devices like this every day to light candles at our bed & breakfast establishment . I was excited when I saw that Zippo had put one on the market because I was aware of Zippo 's reputation for elegantly designed , reliable lighters . I have been disappointed to discover that although the thing looks pretty and appears to be well-made , it is clumsy and awkward to operate . The safety button is in the wrong place to be comfortably depressed while striking the lighter . Compared to other devices of this type , the Zippo does not have much distance between the flame and your hand making it difficult to light wicks that are down inside jar-type candles . Also , the fuel-level indicator is nearly impossible to see making it difficult to know when the thing needs re-filling . I am much happier with way cheaper such devices that are more versatile , user-friendly , and ergonomically designed .
 I had been using $ 1.00 refillables for a few years , but decided to upgrade to this Zippo , thinking that the heavy duty construction would ultimately reduce my environmental impact -LRB- it comes with a lifetime warranty is states boldly on the package ! -RRB- . Since I use lighters in various places , I bought three of them , for $ 35.00 ! I figured , $ 35.00 is well spent if they will last me a long time and I wo n't have to produce as much garbage.However , these lighters are very poor quality . All three of mine were operating poorly in less than a year , and within 18 months , two are now garbage , and the third lights about one of every 10 attempts.Why worry you ask ? Just take 'em back under warranty right ? Problem is , Zippo wants $ 5.00 in shipping and handling fees to accept the return , and by the time you 've paid your own shipping -LRB- plus insurance and tracking as Zippo suggests -RRB- , your almost in for the cost of a new lighter . It seems Zippo has it worked out pretty well for themselves.I am incensed that I shelled out $ 35.00 for this terrible product , and have ended up making more garbage than I would have with my cheapo $ 1.00 models , which used to last me about two years each . In my opinion Zippo 's warranty is a come-on , and I fell for it hook line and sinker . It is one thing to make a lousy product , it is another to hook people in with what amounts to being a useless warranty.I recommend you look elsewhere , unless you do n't mind shelling out all that money for what amounts to a disposable lighter .
 I bought the Classic MPL , after I used it for a few times , the flame became so small that it can hardly light up a candle . Even if you adjust to the max , it is still the same.I returned it and get a replacement . Well , it has the same problem.The only time that the flame is good enough to lid a candle is when you just filled up the butane gas . After a few click , the same problem happen agaqinThew design is beautiful . Sleek and modern look . Well , maybe it will worth lots of money when it become antique.Skip this problem . It has problem .
 I haved had the same problem as the previous reviewer . Low to near non-existent flame , even on high . I added more fuel , but to no effect.Leave this one alone .
 I bought this tent with the intent of unsing it on the beach . After 1 day of use , I found out the tent WAS NOT designed for the beach for the following reasons :1 . Low to moderate winds -LRB- 10 mph -RRB- completely bends the tent . I had to install 2 additional tension straps to the poles for it to stand up firmly .2 . The poles/rods are carbon fiber with steel connectors . All steel connectors after exposure to the sand and humidity rusted in 1 DAY !! 3 . The fabric used for the tent does not permit the air to flow freely from one side of the tent to the other -LRB- causing problem # 1 -RRB- . The material seems to be the exact same used on outdoor camping tents -LRB- which are designed to keep the air and water out -RRB- . With this said , I would not recommend this tent to anyone planning on taking it to the beach . The tent was definitely not designed for it.The good things of the tent were :1 . Modererate price2 . Very portable -LRB- it comes in a small practical bag -RRB- 3 . Relatively easy to put together.So beach users , please stay away from this one !!!
 This product dfid not last 1 hour mowing time . Do not buy ! It is not worth the time to install it .
 First , this `` 18 inch feeder '' is actually 33 inches from top to bottom - waaaay to tall to fit in the space under the porch eaves where our current feeder hands . Second , the claim `` No screws to mess with '' - then how exactly do we open the battery doors ? The one we received has 3 screws there , tiny , odd-sized screws no less . Third , `` Take out of the box , hang in your yard '' - ours came in 4 pieces , were we supposed to dangle them all from the hook or what?Getting the thing open to add seed is a headache - you have push , bend , slide then pull to get the lid open . Our current feeder you just slide the lid up the cable , pour in seed and slide the lid down.This thing is poorly designed from start to finish , and will be promptly returned from whence it came .
 I ordered the Grillfloss with high hopes of quality , efficiency and ease of use . I will state the positive aspects
 I have tried to use the grill floss on two different BBQ 's already and both times the grates were either to big or shaped funny for the tool to be useful . The Grill Floss should be adjustable to fit bigger or smaller grates -LRB- even grates that are not shaped cylinder -RRB- then I would give the tool 4.5 out of 5 stars .
 This is not any more effective then the scrappers that you can buy for $ 3 . This is very over priced .
 I am sad to report that this plant did not live more than a month or two . It looked nice upon arrival ; nicely packed and fresh . I noticed that the top of the pot was jammed with green fertilizer balls so I decided to remove all the access fertilizer and check the roots . The roots were so knotted and filled with fertilizer it looked like it was suffocating . I carefully removed the fertilizer and what soil there was and washed the roots and repotted in a new similar sized pot in bonsai soil . I followed the included directions and within tow weeks , the leaves shriveled and started falling off . I am not a beginner when it comes to plants so I was shocked when this plant `` died '' . I did not contact the seller . Seeing how the plant/roots were treated did not leave a good feeling with me . Not sure if I would purchase from the same seller again .
 I have ordered the Dwarf Pre-Bonsai Plant for my cousin 's birthday . The plant was supposed to be a surprise . Unfortunatly , I have received a phone call from him saying what is this dry tree supposed to be for . He send me pictures and video and I was shocked to see a plant that looks nothing like the picture that is being advertised on amazon.com . Never buy plants on line . That is the lesson of my life .
 Bought this exact model elsewhere . It is well made and looked nice but I have n't seen any birds visit during the 3 weeks it 's been hanging . Noticed quite a glow of sun through the glass and just dicovered the plants underneath are scorched and several even have apparent burn marks . What might have happened had they been very dry?I 'm giving two stars instead of one as I 'm thinking I should have known better : -LRB-
 The device is poorly designed and assembled . The switch labeling is poor . The ON/OFF switched only worked after repeated attempts . Very erratic . Absolutely no water protection .
 I bought this product at Williams-Sonoma and am taking it back after 1 day . When I got it home I tested it by putting the tip in ice water which produced a range of temperatures from 22 to 34 degrees . The display would show one temp for about 30 seconds then change . Obviously 22 degrees was very wrong , this was a cup of cold water with a few ice cubes in it . I would have understood a steady temp of 33 or 34 , not 22 . When I tested it by putting the tip in boiling water , it showed a more reliable steady result.The real disappointment came when I tested it on a steak I was cooking . The first time I checked it , the result was 110 degrees . After another minute of cooking I checked again and it showed 80 degrees!Back to the store it goes.I think I 'll have to break down and buy the Thermapen .
 Bought this Taylor thermometer last year , it broke within days . Months later I bought another thermometer , and found out that it was the same model -LRB- by accident -RRB- . The second one did n't survive a full week either . It 's incredible that a manufacturer would sell such junk .
 I 've tried 2 of these thermometers , and the same results with both . They work great the first time you take it out of the package . But wo n't work after that.In both cases , I pulled the thermometer from the drawer for its second use , pressed the On/Off button and `` ON '' scrolls across the screen -LRB- normal so far -RRB- . Only , instead of showing the temp , the screen flashes and `` ON '' scrolls across the screen . This continues , and there is now no way to turn off the thermometer or get it to respond in any way.Tried changing the battery in the first unit , and the only thing that accomplished was wasting a few bucks on a new battery . No change in -LRB- the lack of -RRB- performance.I tried emailing Taylor 's customer service , and got no response -LRB- it 's been 2 months now -RRB- . I 'd definitely stay away from this thermometer , and probably all Taylor thermos if this is supposed to be their `` higher end '' line .
 I strongly agree with points made in some of the other reviews :1 . Construction is shoddy/cheap2 . The on/off button only works some of the time . You have to push again and again to get the desired result . And , in fact , when I first opened the package the on/off button did n't work for about a half hour . I was about to drive right back to the store with it when suddenly and mysteriously it came to life .3 . The instructions for changing the battery are so vague -LRB- they do n't point out where the screw is that you have to remove -RRB- that it 's very easy to destroy the whole product while trying to get to the battery4 . While I have n't done the freezing/boiling accuracy tests that another reviewer did , I have noticed strange leaps in reading from one minute to the next which really do n't seem plausible.I 'm returning this thing .
 As seems to be the usual for this product , I bought it , used it once , put it in a drawer , and then found it dead upon next use a month or two later.No response from the vendor.Wasn ' t mistreated . Just a garbage product .
 Well , mine was n't . An extra hour of roasting later and my roast was still measuring less than 120 degrees , or barely rare . Unable to wait any longer , I pulled it , let it rest , and cut into it . It was almost past medium . This $ 20 thermometer nearly ruined a $ 208 prime rib . I am not a fan .
 It was a gift . It worked for a couple of months . Now it only reads 72 degrees . I called the company and they say I have to return it at my own expense -LRB- about $ 8 -RRB- for an item that costs less than $ 20 . Why should the consumer incur ANY expense for a defective item ??? I asked them to send me a shipping label - NO . So I told them that I would leave an accurate review . Read it and weep Taylor !!
 I would not recommend this product . We use our instant read thermometer about once a week and this model stopped working at about month 4 . We were very careful to only wash the stem and the thermometer was never submerged in water . It was accurate when it was working , but if you want something with a little more stay-power , look for other alternatives .
 I had this for two years . Worked ok . I recommend setting the auto-off feature , or you will keep forgetting to turn it off.I had to change battery after 2 years . Taking it apart , I found one of the small white wires that lead down the probe broken . I replaced battery anyway , and it turned on and gave a reading . I put it back together thinking it apparently did n't need two wires ; had to take it apart again to make sure I had the parts oriented right , and the 2nd wire broke . These are too small to easily repair.Warranty is 1 year .
 I received this thermometer as a gift a couple years ago . At first it was wonderful , the readout was much faster than my old thermometers -LRB- dial and not-mercury styles -RRB- and I had more confidence that the reading I got was correct.Within a year the power button would stick in the down position , either continuously cycling between on and off , or essentially locking it in one of those states . For a while I was able to chivy the button back into place so it was usable , at first with my fingers and later with the tip of a paring knife -LRB- rather unsafe , I know -RRB- . A couple weeks ago the button got stuck in the down position again , causing the thermometer to continuously tell me it was on . I eventually managed to pop the button back up again , but the actual control inside must have gotten jammed this time because it continued to tell me it was on , and the button did nothing.Today , in a fit of desperation , I took a screwdriver and attempted to open the faceplate to see if I could fix it ; there 's a notch on the side that looks as though that 's it 's purpose . If it was n't broken before it is now ; these are definitely not meant to be self-serviced , I do n't think it was meant to be serviced at all.In the end I 'm very disappointed in this thermometer . I 'm shopping for a new one now , and I 'll probably avoid buying another Taylor given how bad this one was .
 Did n't work . At first , all of the pixels flashed on and off . It would n't turn off . After a day or so , it stopped flashing . I assume that the battery finally gave out . Unfortunately , there was no information about the kind or number of batteries it uses and there were no instructions on how to change the battery . I was able to get one side to open but I could n't get the other side to release so I was unable to get to the battery . I was able to get an RMA from the supplier but the effort and cost to get a refund hardly seemed worth it . Maybe one of these days I 'll be able to get it open , change the battery and find out if it was any good . So I bought a mechanical meat thermometer at WalMart .
 I bought this item at a store . It worked out of the box for a while , but after maybe week , I noticed the the temperature was stuck at 72.5 degrees F. I tried sticking the probe in warm water and ice water , but the temperature would n't change . Fed up , I considered the unit broken and tossed it in a drawer.Several weeks after , I decided to open the unit to see what was wrong . After opening the casing , I noticed that the wires that run inside the probe and connect to the main `` head '' were cut . I imagine these wires are to relay the temperature reading to the display . The end of the metal probe is rather sharp , so my guess is that the probe was pushed into the main head of the unit , and thus , the end of the probe cut the wires from the head . Its kind of hard to explain without seeing the unit.I only read the temp on some steaks and such and do n't recall treating the thermometer harshly . IMO , its kind of a design flaw . YMMV .
 The Taylor 508 thermometer was great until I had to change the battery . Unless you have a set of jewelers screwdrivers and are very careful forget about using this thermometer after the battery dies . It 's not water tight , and it shorts out if any water or moisture gets inside . If you have to change the battery you need to remove two screws . One is underneath the rubber back plate and then there is another inside the unit holding the metal contact for the battery . Both these screws are tiny and difficult to put back into the unit . The battery contact plate itself is a strange contraption with two flanges that must be tucked under the frame that surrounds the battery . This cover must contact the body of the thermometer and therefor must be securely fastened with the tiny screw . After one battery change , the hole for the tiny screw that holds the battery cover on gets stripped rendering the unit useless . I did like the instant readout when this thermometer worked but there are better ones out there .
 I bought this digital thermometer several months ago and used it once on the same day I purchased it . It worked fine ... but only that first time . Well , actually , that first time I used it , it did not seem to want to allow itself to be turned off , but I figured that did n't matter because the thermometer had an `` auto-off '' feature that would turn it off automatically after some short period of non-use . Today , I took the thermometer from the drawer to use for the only the second time . The digital display just blinked at me , without showing any numbers . The device was completely unresponsive to any and all pressing of its buttons.So I called the Taylor customer service number on the Taylor website . As soon as I described the symptoms , the customer service representative immediately told me that Taylor would send me a new device within two to three weeks , that I could just toss the old one in the trash.Great ... except I wonder if the new thermometer will work any longer than the old one . Will it poop out after just one use , too ? So instead of a one star review for selling a product that fails after one use , Taylor gets a two star review for promising promptly to send me a free replacement , with no questions asked -LRB- even though the time I wasted on the phone was worth more to me than the purchase price -RRB- . If I had it to do over again , I would n't buy this thing because it would n't work when it was needed .
 This is a piece of junk sold for top dollar . Ordered it . It came packaged perfectly from amazon in the bubble wrappers . When I opened the box , the item was damaged . It is mostly made of plastic and appears to break easily . I promptly returned it for a refunded and decided against ordering another one . Ths honestly is a $ 1.99 item .
 I bought this from a retail store thinking that a 9 '' trimmer would cut 9 '' construction paper . Wrong ... there is nothing on the box that indicates that it only cuts paper up to 8.5 '' wide so I went ahead and picked this one over the ones that said 8.5 '' . I guess I will need to get a 12 '' one for 9 '' paper and I 'm hoping to return this one to the craft store.For projects with paper 8.5 '' or less it works pretty well , although the blade at the very top was a little rough and took some force to bring the cutting blade down . It looked like there were some burrs on the blade but is not a design flaw , just a minor problem with this blade only .
 I used this trimmer for only a short time to trim about 25 standard 4x6 photos . After that I could not get the guillotine blade more than half way closed . After close inspection , I found that the metal edge attached to the base had been `` filed '' away by the slicer!Also , the little clear plastic guard that is supposed to hold your paper securely in place is very wobbly top-to-bottom as well as sideways . Very , very disappointed in this product .
 It would sure be nice if , particularly absent photos , Seller told us what this bracket does . Is it the tool -LRB- miter saw -RRB- mounting bracket for Ryobi and Rigid stands and saws ? If so , does it include both brackets or do you need to buy two which is what typically is needed . See , e.g. , the DeWalt brackets . Is it a specialized bracket that accepts tools other than miter and chop saws ? If so , which ones ? Perhaps it is a replacement leg bracket ? Or perhaps something else that has not yet crossed my mind ?
 I was not at all happy with the purchase of this item when it arrived . As I opened the box from the base of the gazing ball it had a serious crack in it . The only happiness was the outcome of the excellent customer service provided when I notified Amazon of the damaged item I was immediately credited for the damaged item . I also did not realize that this particular mirrored gazing globe was no bigger than a Christmas tree ornament .
 I ordered 2 shovels together they sent me an email canceling the 18 '' metal one I wanted to cancel the whole order they would not do that ! Which did not make sense to me because they were canceling one not me but the price I ended up paying for a $ 12.00 shovel was 3x the price not worth it ! Suncast SP1400 20-Inch Snow Shovel/Pusher , Navy
 Received this snow shovel with a bent metal handle . Sure it went out that way because all the wrapping was fine . Guess the shipping dept would n't think I would notice however sure the idiot that let it go thought he sent it to an idiot . Amazon is refunding my purchase price I think ...
 I may do a lot of shoveling , but I have not used this much except for scraping and it is already broken after 1 month . The whole shovel scoop area that connects to the handle is cracked badly . If you want something that will last , get a steel bladed pusher , this can not even slide along the surface easily . It is a waste of your precious money , invest in a quality shovel . God bless !
 These Gleason products are of very good quality . That 's why I ordered them . However when received , the Gleason wheels were substituted with an inferior product made in China . They were for the same price . I wonder who is making money ? It 's all about greed this day and age , and I 'm getting real tired of relying on a decent product with a well known American name , now being made overseas , -LRB- mainly China -RRB- . For the most part , it is of far inferior quality , and useless after a few short months . Have you purchased an ACE comb lately , or packing tape from Staples . They are garbage products , once known for quality . How does this country expect to survive , economically , if we have to buy everything from a foreign land . If there is no manufacturing here , how the hell are we supposed to spend money here if we ca n't earn any money for lack of jobs ? These so called American companies are ultimately cutting there own throats . Again , it 's all about greed .
 When I ordered this watering can , I expected it to have a sprinkler nozzle as shown in the picture . The one I received did not have a nozzle . When I called the company , they said that none of the ones they had in stock had the nozzle . They did credit me for the item without a problem .
 I have used , with great success , a Kfeeder Enterprise , Inc. triple tube feeder for years which finally needed to be replaced . I understand that they are no longer available . I have been searching for a replacement for a large triple tube feeder and I came across this item.It is not squirrel proof!I ordered it on 8 JUN 12 and installed it upon delivery , so it has been in place less than three weeks . Squirrels have already eaten off most of the bottom tray . Thankfully the feeding stations themselves are metal or they would be gone too.I do not mind providing some feeding for squirrels , but I do mind them eating the feeder . If you have squirrels I definitely do not recommend this feeder .
 I bought this feeder from a local bird store . While attractive enough , I did not do my research before purchasing this feeder.To fill the feeder you must unscrew the plastic dome lid and then screw the lid back on . The threading stripped within the first couple months causing the brown seed filler tray to come off with the dome lid . This left the 3 single tubes exposed which had to each be filled separately and very carefully . An impossible task without spilling bird seed all over the ground . Next the plastic dome lid cracked and I was n't able to hang the feeder anymore , so I decided to call Perky Pet 's customer service . I was absolutely shocked at their lack of helpfulness , professionalism or concern . They flatly stated that their warranty was only good for 30 days , something I obviously was n't aware of . They promised to send a catalog with replacement parts and unfortunately , I 'm still waiting for the catalog . I paid $ 65.00 for my feeder and expected it to last many many years , not just a few months.Recently , I stopped by the bird store where I had purchased the feeder and told them my story , hoping they could help . Surprisingly they recited their own negative encounters with Perky Pet 's lack of customer service in their business dealings . I suggested that they should educate their consumers before selling them a Perky Pet product , something I wish they had warned me about.I have now done my research and am very pleased with Droll Yankee products , their lifetime warranty and customer service .
 I bought this feeder from a local bird store . While attractive enough , I did not do my research before purchasing this feeder.To fill the feeder you must unscrew the plastic dome lid and then screw the lid back on . The threading stripped within the first couple months causing the brown seed filler tray to come off with the dome lid . This left the 3 single tubes exposed which had to each be filled separately and very carefully . An impossible task without spilling bird seed all over the ground . Next the plastic dome lid cracked and I was n't able to hang the feeder anymore , so I decided to call Perky Pet 's customer service . I was absolutely shocked at their lack of helpfulness , professionalism or concern . They flatly stated that their warranty was only good for 30 days , something I obviously was n't aware of . They promised to send a catalog with replacement parts and unfortunately , I 'm still waiting for the catalog . I paid $ 65.00 for my feeder and expected it to last many many years , not just a few months.Recently , I stopped by the bird store where I had purchased the feeder and told them my story , hoping they could help . Surprisingly they recited their own negative encounters with Perky Pet 's lack of customer service in their business dealings . I suggested that they should educate their consumers before selling them a Perky Pet product , something I wish they had warned me about.I have now done my research and am very pleased with Droll Yankee products , their lifetime warranty and customer service .
 I would not recommend this bird feeder . After three months of use the top threads -LRB- where the lid screws on -RRB- cracked . My boyfriend fixed that with a large plastic washer . It has now been in use for less than a year and this morning it broke beyond repair . CHEAP PLASTIC JUNK !
 After a few months , the plastic threads on the screw top cracked which sent the feeder plummeting to its death.Don ' t buy this feeder . I wish I had n't . It does n't last.Before it broke , I was fairly happy with it though .
 I agree with everyone else about this feeder being junk . I too had the problem with the screw top threads cracking , wrapped electrical tape around mine . Part of the filler top broke off & the bottom tray is now cracked . It is also hard to clean . Had this thing 4 months & will not buy this brand again . Big waste of money !
 This is a terrible feeder . The plastic nut on the dome stripped out and the feeder fell to the ground and broke . It is not designed to hold the large amount of seed -LRB- and birds -RRB- it says it can . Do not buy this feeder . It will break in a few months .
 Feeder arrived broken in 3 places ; still had the post-it notes pointing at the breaks from the previous purchaser 's return .
 The feeder looks great and holds plenty of feed . The swivel on the top keeps working loose and falling . Today it fell and the bottom tray split . It lasted about six weeks . I was hoping for a little more use .
 Within the first few months , the hook on top separated from the rest of the feeder , and it shattered on the ground . It 's all plastic , and not nearly strong enough for the weight .
 Bought this bird feeder for my mom for Christmas . Given to her on Christmas day , and Today January 23 , it shattered one of the tubes holding bird food.The description of `` The clear , shatter-proof plastic reservoir makes it easy to monitor seed levels . '' does n't exactly hold any water : o -LRB- What happened to spending decent money expecting a decent product ??
 I live in the country and we have a lot of flies this year . I bought four of these quick bayt strips and after two days I have yet to see a fly be attracted to any of them . Mostly the flies just ignore them .
 I was very disappointed with the merchandise I received . Instead of an OEM filter , I received a very cheap , flimsy , made-in-China imitation part . I will not do business with this merchant again ; when I order a Tecumseh filter , I expect a Tecumseh filter , not a Chinese knock-off .
 If you leave it out on the table for an hour and then switch between indoor and outdoor the two temps differ greatly . It 's depressing .
 I have been on a quest for finding a thermometer for our small car for a while now and after reading the reviews on the Chaney AcuRite Digital Thermometer I figured that the other customer reviews were overall positive so I decided to give it a go and order one for myself . Little did I know , that was a BIG mistake . Granted , my shipping was free so the price for this thermometer was decent -LRB- less than $ 10 -RRB- so I was excited to try it out as soon as I received it . Long story short , I placed the thermometer in about 4 different places inside my vehicle and regardless of the position it was placed in , it ALWAYS read over 20 degrees what it really was outside . I attempted turning on the light it has to make it easier to read the temperature at night and all that did was make my thermometer go blank . Needless to say , dont waste your money on this product even if it is only a couple of bucks because if you do you will have literally thrown away that money in the garbage and just like me , you will regret ever having considered it in the first place .
 I bought this to track the temperatures inside my chicken coop . It was coming on winter and I wanted to see how cold the coop was getting at night . When I checked the HI/LOW it said the coop had gotten to over 100 deg F . That is impossible . Also , I tested it indoors with the external sensor sitting right next to the unit and the indoor/outdoor temps were separated by more than a few degrees . Also impossible . This thing is completely unreliable .
 I just purchased the thermometer and installed it . It lasted about 3 weeks before the display went blank . I installed a new battery , it started to work again , for about 15 minutes and then the display went blank again . So now I am out my purchase price and without a thermometer .
 This is a nice little thermometer for the price and seemed to display accurate temperatures , both indoor and outdoor . The main reason I bought it was for the min/max temperature functionsl which did not work . I contacted the manufacturer 's tech support and , using the directions they gave me -LRB- which were different than the instructions that came with it -RRB- , the min/max function still would not work .
 I purchased this specifically to monitor the temperature in a room with computers to alert me to put on air conditioning . -LRB- I had no need for the outdoor feature and thought I could unplug the wire , but it is permanently attached -RRB- . It has never given me an accurate temperature - and is off by about 5 degrees . It was a waste to purchase this item .
 Cheap product . The display only works on one side after about one month . Would not waste my money again .
 I use this on my nightstand to measure room temperature . The indoor and outdoor sensors end up just a few inches apart . I notice that the resulting indoor and outdoor are always significantly different ; sometimes wildly different . Even though they should be the same . No , the instrument is not in the sun or under a light bulb.Also , the buttons are quite stiff.So I 'm now shopping for something better .
 Got this on a whim for my wife and it 's nice and cute and good for small jobs ... but.The fill hole is on the forward portion of the forehead . So there 's a fine line between tipping it to pour from the snout spout and tipping a bit too far and having water come out of the fill hole and making a mess everywhere . ;--RRB- Not good ... so I took a lid from a rubbermaid tub , did n't need the lid any longer , and cut out a round , a bit larger and glued it over the fill hole . Then drilled a new fill hole further back toward the handle thus solving the issue . So now it 's just a matter of painting the glued on circle red with a white star and it 'll look `` meant to be '' . But only 2 stars when I have to remanufacture an item ! ; - -RRB-
 for this price , I would expect a much thicker cushion with more than just a velcro closure . it also lacks ties to secure it to the chair . feels very cheap and I think it is way overpriced
 First hose I bought started leaking in a week . The second one leaked the very FIRST time I tried it.Do not waste your money .
 I hooked it up ... and it it started spraying water right in the middle of the hose . This is the second `` flat hose '' type ... and most likely the last.It should also be noted that if you want to actually wind the hose back up in the casing ... you have to disconnect the hose from the water faucet ... every single time !!! And since the connections are plastic ... the connections would have surely worn out and leaked after a short time ... with so much connecting and disconnecting.JUNK JUNK JUNKMy bad fortune may be you good luck.AND JUST INCASE !!! The seller of this hose sent me a new hose ... free of charge ... which was nice.HOWEVER ... the SECOND hose just blew a hole in itThe only good news for me is that I only had to pay for ONE hose.I inspected the hose , just to find out how it was put together . Besides the fabric-weave outer liner ... the `` hose '' inside is made up of a thin , clear plastic tubing ... VERY THIN ... plastic tubing , with a seam running length-wize down the tube . The seam down the inner tube , makes a point of weakness all they way down the tube.And back to the THIN plastic tubing . IT could be compaired to that found on a `` beef jerky '' package in the grocery store ... . and no ... I not exagerating.It 's junk ... plain and simple .
 After reading good reviews about Chapin Company , I ordered this sprayer -LRB- its sibling 2 Gallon had decent reviews -RRB- . It has many good features / accessories such as non clog filter , measuring cup , and spray shield . Out of the box you can tell it is well constructed -LRB- better that the improvement store sprayers - such as Roundup and RL Flo-Master sprayers - that I have tried in the past -RRB- . The hose , brass tip , and the plastic container are all well built -LRB- the wand is very small and flimsy -RRB- . But the main issue is it does not spray well -LRB- adjustable cone nozzle -RRB- . The spray goes from a heavy stream to a wide cone -LRB- again heavy -RRB- , with very little variation in between . I have read the customer reviews for the Chapin Premier 1 Gallon Sprayer -LRB- 21210 -RRB- which I am interested in and I came accross exact same customer complaints regarding the spray pattern.Chapin are you reading this ? Please use customer feedback for continuous improvement of your products .
 I needed composter mostly for kitchen scraps and grass . When the composter arrived , I filled in up with green stuff , turned regularly , but it did not compose at all and it only smelled . I called the company after couple of months of waiting for my compost and they told me you need to add 2/3 of carbon rich stuff in -LRB- hay , dry leafs etc -RRB- together with the green stuff so it can compose . I do not have hay or dry leafs during most of the year ! Obviously , this composter will not work for me . Returning it was easy . I am going to try something that can compost kitchen scaps only .
 I echo a previous reviewer who found the cheap latches a problem . Ditto for the door construction . Mine broke after a few months use . As it is a plastic piece , once it broke it was gone . I had to drill into plastic and add a metal screw which is a poor solution but all I 've got to hold the door in place -LRB- sort of -RRB- . The latch does n't hold well , meaning it 's got to have a strap around it . This is a very light use appliance , which if you use it very little , may give you satisfaction .
 The tumbler did n't even last a year before the plastic broke around the metal rod that holds it onto the cart . It was n't overloaded or abused in any way , the plastic just was n't strong enough to take the load of compost as it turned around and around.Before it broke it was pretty nice though . I was able to get two loads of compost , from green grass -LRB- dried in the sun so it did n't mold first -RRB- , leaves and kitchen scraps to black gold , before it broke .
 While a tumbling composter sounds great this design falls short.It simple does not do a good job of turning and mixing the humus . It is occasionally necessary to manual flip the material which is not a huge undertaking but the poor lid design makes it a challenge due to the lack of a lid latch to hold it in place while you mix the humus or remove it .
 I have a small garden and I bought this item because of the perfect size , and beautiful design . I have owned this product for over three years . Two of that years unit did n't fully perform . It 's good for small yard and if you do n't fill it more than one third . It 's easy to assemble , door is sturdy . Problem is when you fill it over half full . It 's PLASTIC , and I should of known that . The screws that hold the barrel bent by heaviness of compost , and I would of replace them if the plastic around them did n't tear and now I cant turn it anymore . The other problem is that it takes some time to make compost , so I actually need two composters ; one to lay dormant and process food and leaves and another for fresh clippings and scraps . I am planning to purchase steel one with double chamber . Although they are not pretty to see , they last longer than plastic .
 Took us three days to figure out how to put the whole thing together . Needed to bring out the entire tool chest to do so and make one trip to the hardware store for parts.Item looks like the picture , however , it is heavy plastic and feels `` cheap . '' We have no confidence that it will hold up for long even though we are only a three person household contributing to the compost . The door is precariously attached with plastic `` nubs '' which are just crying to break off after a few uses or removals.I would not buy this again .
 I have mice that probably did n't weigh enough to trip this mousetrap . Also the mechanism melted when placed near the radiator -LRB- this is where the mice entered my home through a hole -RRB- and rendered this product useless to me . I feel it was a waste of my money .
 I purchased this product but it did not come with a manual . I still do n't know how to operate it .
 Though this weeder arrived quickly , I was most disappointed . It is indeed a sturdy tool , but it is far too arched to produce any results at all & I found it impossible to get any leverage to even get one weed eliminated . It 's quite sharp & I found it more potentially dangerous for me than helpful . No ... I would have to give this an F for a rather expensive tool .
 do n't waste your money bought 3 different plants from this site and all died within a week . being a horticulturist i certainly did n't treat them wrong .
 They advertise that it is the regular concentrate formula -LRB- which works really well -RRB- & what they ship you is the Concentrate Formula II -LRB- which works but not as well as the regular concentrate -RRB- . They have the UPC Code on the Concentrate II bottle tied to the regular Concentrate in their system . And when you contact them to clear it up they can not comprehend what it is that you are saying . They continue to go back to `` the UPC Code says that it is the Regular Concentrate . ''
 I was very disapointed to find such TINY plants , choked to the point of invisibility by moss . I have been picking the moss out of the pots since then , in order to see any plant.There was also grass growing from the pots and a few weeds , as if it all came from a VERY poorly maintained lawn that happened to have a few cells or root hairs of Lavatera trying to compete.Two out of 8 do n't look like they will ever do anything . The others look like they may be the size I expected to RECEIVE , after a full season of growth - if I can kill off the moss that is choking them.Maybe I just do n't know how mail-order plants usually arrive , but I will never go back to this vendor -LRB- Hirts -RRB- again . I am not experienced with live plants from mail-order nurseries , so take my dismay with skepticism.Every other vendor I reached through Amazon delivered what I expected or better .
 I bought this somewhere else and had I wanted to use it in a more visible place would have returned for a refund . Poor quality & workmanship . Fit 's together poorly & parts were missing .
 I purchased this product from a local dealer in Okanogan County . It was easy to setup , and the instructions are clear in the manual . However , it had issues keeping time and holding a schedule . It then died after one year , just as the warranty ran out . I have a fairly complex irrigation system , so it is a pain to replace and rewire . For the price , this product should last 10 years and function without issues . I would not recommend this product . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It says this thing iys an outdoor thermometer but you ca n't leave it outdoors ... that is crazy ! I keep the outdoor module in a ziplock . It only works half the time and is inconsistant ! Save your money !
 I purchased this in July of 2009 . It 's now 2 years later and it 's finally time to replace the batteries because the display has gotten overly dim . After replacing the batteries , the digital numbers for the indoor and outdoor temperatures has gone bad . The warranty is good for only 1 year and is limited . So I 'm out of luck . Granted , it was n't an overly expesnive buy , but my next thermometer purchase wo n't be a La Cross . Maybe my expectations are too high for such an inexpensive thermometer . I `` m just expecting the display to last as long as the display on an inexpensive digital watch , which is 10 + years .
 I did what I wanted and worked well from July to October but now the lcd is failing and it wo n't connect to the remote.Yes I did replace the batteries but no difference.So now I look for something that does the same thing but is better built to last at least 2 years.I would have given it 4 stars if it lasted longer than one set of batteries .
 I got this for Christmas in 2010 . I also got an additional sensor . I initially had it set up with only the included sensor , put next to my plants so I could make sure they stayed warm enough , and ran the remote cord through a window to the outside . It never really read right , plus would sit in the sun . So I took the remote cord off and used the additional sensor as the outside one , attached to the side of the house . I do n't see any reason to have the LCD screen for an outdoor one no one will look at.With everything installed correctly , it works great . Outdoor temps are always within 1 or 2 degrees of what Weather Channel says , and indoor temps always match what my thermostat says . I really like the max/min history to see how cold or hot it got while you were out or sleeping.The only problem I have is the battery life of the base station . I 've never gotten more than 4 or so weeks before the base station becomes unreadable . When the batteries are new , the base station LCD is very dark and readable , and as the batteries fade , so does the LCD until it 's totally unreadable . I 'm using fresh , in date name brand batteries so it 's definitely the base station . The outdoor sensor has been outside in freezing temps for almost a year and I have n't had to change the batteries . I tried rechargeable batteries in the base station and the problem was worse.Another real annoyance is when changing the base station batteries , the remote sensor 's batteries need to be removed and then reinstalled . It 's very annoying to have to go outside when it 's raining/cold etc when the batteries in the remote do n't even need changing .
 Use this for checking pool temperature . Not at all accurate . Off by 3 to 4 degrees . Proven with a highly sensitive and accurate photography thermometer .
 The meter ran for about a week with fresh bats and quit . Would like a repacement and might give it 5 stars if it works.JD
 THIS UNIT TENDS TO DROP THE SIGNAL A BIT , AND IT LACK THE HUMIDITY DATA FROM THE WIRELESS MONITER , SO ID RECOMEND LOOKING FOR A MORE RELIABLE UNIT WITH DUAL READINGS , AND IT WILL ONLY COST YOU ANOTHER 5 DOLLARS OR SO , MY LOCAL HYDRO STORE HAD ONE FOR 33.00 I BOUGHT IT AFTER I RECIEVED THESE AND WAS NOT SATISFIED .
 I have had this a week and it is useless . The range was about 25 ' through a wall , and didnt read the outdoor meter . That makes it close to useless.It rained for the first time yesterday , and the outdoor sensor got wet and it is now completely useless.What 's the point of an outdoor sensor that cant take rain ? If I wanted to walk out and look at a thermometer , I would n't need a wireless one.There are a lot of `` should be great '' pool toys/lights/thermometers that are poorly made , this is the next in that list . I have looked at the comparable items , and there are none under $ 200 that will work . I should have regarded more of the negative reviews on this one before buying .
 Rare that I write a review , but this item is junk and the La Crosse is useless . Try to get something fixed within the warrenty period is a hassle , lots of emails just asking questions . Then they want you to pay shipping back on a the junk they put out . Do n't buy this or anything from La Crosse Technology , not worth it in any way .
 I bought one of these units to monitor the temps in my solar greenhouse . Worked great until the batteries in the remote died . I replaced ALL the batteries with brand new Duracell 's but the weather station can not `` find '' or will not communicate with the remote after the battery failure . After dancing around with LaCrosse they refused to do anything other than blame the batteries.I will NEVER purchase another LaCrosse weather station!DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM !!
 Pro
 I have had LaCrosse Weather stations in the past ... this model is junk . the wireless component for reading outside temperature worked for 1 month . the triple A batteries need to be replaced every 2 weeks . The component for inside with the digital readings is not the issue . It is unfortunate that I also purchased one for my mom ... telling her how great they are ... what a waste of money . BIG disappointment .
 The local display unit works great and the temperature seems fairly accurate . The remote sensor , on the other hand , which is hidden in a medium size shrub to keep it out of the sun , reports the temp about 5-8 degrees too high consistently . The remote wired sensor probe , which I am using to monitor pool water temps , is also high by between 7-10 degrees.The number of degrees that the remote sensor and it 's probe are off changes at different times of the day . The water temp in the pool stays roughly constant during the day , but the remote probe is just wrong most of the time . None of this seems related to being outside as it was also off , although not as much , when I was testing inside the house before moving it for use around the pool.I am wishing that I never bought this unit .
 This is a piece of ` merde ' ! Pardon my french . I bought this to check my pool temperature . The first one the probe temperature was off by 5 degrees . I returned and requested another one , same different ! Buy this unit if you want some brain exercises because you always have to do addition or subtraction to get accurate reading .
 It is sad as the outdoors unit is fairly accurate but the probe is almost useless . If there was a linear difference between the probe 's reading and the hot tub thermometer then fine , I could deal with that , ie , add two degrees , etc. but alas , there is n't . For example , when the hot tub is running and showing a temperature of 103 , the probe might be showing 105.3 or 104.6 or 104 or who knows .
 Bought first unit , outdoor Sensor did not scan between channels . Returned it to Amazon for replacement and second unit the outdoor sensor would not give the correct reading . When probe was in freezing cold water gauge says 60 degrees.Returened this unit for credit only!Recommend LaCrosse check these units out . I think they are all defective !
 We received this promptly , and were excited that it would do what we wanted . Put batteries in and it showed a display . A few minutes later it went blank . We have changed the batterries several times , to no avail . We get no read out at all now . It is useless .
 Bought this device primarily for it 's ability to tell me the temperature of my swimming pool . It worked for about two months , then failed completely . Just died . The remote station with the pool sensor stopped sending data both to its own mini-screen , and to the weather station inside my house . Naturally I replaced batteries and replaced them again , to no avail . Two months of use ? Come on . This thing is junk . Spend your money elsewhere .
 As far as I can tell you are unable to set the wall mount to Celsius.And if to set the desktop unit to Celsius then it has to be on a 24 hr clock.Come on ... in this day and age these settings should be simple .
 If this were to work it would be a good deal . Outdoor sensor is in error by at least 8 degrees celcius after a month of ownership . A few weeks later the indoor sensor went , reporting higher by 10 degree celcius.Piece of garbage now .
 I purchased a similar unit , and the remote temperature sensor quit working after about 2 months . Worse , support from La Crosse Technology is MIA . I submitted a form on their web site -- no response . I called their tech support hotline 3 times . No answer . I left 2 voice mails . Nobody has returned my call . That 's inexcusable .
 Have used these before and bought this replacement package . The sensor will not work . Nothing happens at all . It is nearly impossible to find a way to get the company to honor its warranty . After 2 attempts and nearly an hour I realized I was spending more of my time than the unit was worth . Also the unit has more printed info on it than the picture and there is no model number on it . Odd . The receiver does work with the spare sensor that I bought .
 Purchased this unit to keep track of my hot tub temperature . It reads 5 degrees hire then the actual temperature in the hot tub . Plus the inside unit is not accurate , this reads 3-4 degrees lower then the actual temperature . I guess $ 20 selling price should have been the clue !
 I wondered how come the lake temperature in Northern Wisconsin was still shown to be over 50 degf . When I took the sensor in for the winter , I found out . The remote sensor reads 11 degf high . I then went to see if Amazon would honor a return policy ... nope , right to return expired earlier this summer . LaCrosse techs say merely to replace batteries . Already done that , and it still has 11 degf error.This is a great concept for a great price . Let me know if anybody gets one to operate with any degree of accuracy .
 It 's a nice little unit . The range is better than most I 've tried , but not nearly what they claim . Unfortunately , the external probe that plugs into the remote unit does not do anything ; it is ignored . I have already thrown out the packaging ; do n't make my mistake !
 This item worked for the first year and then I could not get it to communicate between the transmitter and receiver unit ... all I got was just a bunch of dashes on the receiver unit . Tried fresh batteries and everything suggested in the manual . Decide to call LaCrosse Technologies for assistance ... spoke to a supervisor who guided me through some other attempts not listed in the manual to try and get it to communicate between transmitter and receiver ... after all this she said that I would have to send it back to them for repair . Absolutely ridiculous suggestion to send back a $ 25.00 item from Canada to the USA for repair . I told her I would suggest to all friends and people everywhere ... NOT TO BUY ANY JUNK from LaCrosse Technologies . Because that is what it is JUNK !!!
 The La Cross Rain Center worked perfectly for approxiamtely 6 months . Then it failed to register anything . We wrote to the company for assistance , and tried everything they suggested . Nothing worked . We never heard from the company again . We would DEFINTELY not recommend this product or this company . They do not stand behind their product .
 I was thrilled with this neat little digital readout . It started missing after a year and now is completely defunct.There is no way to repair it . I will not buy Wisconsin products again .
 Received unit that did not work = terrible Q CCalled customer service and first and last words are check batteries , batteries cause all the problems.Under terms of their cra ?? y warranty you have to return everything to them on your tab . Never had to do this with prior Lacrosse defective products , they would send you a replacement NO QUESTIONS ASKED . After I exchanged a few `` terse '' emails I returned the product.IT WAS DEFECTIVE . IT WAS DEFECTIVE . = TERRIBLE QCSent Lacrosse an email telling them the next time I purchased one of their products He !! would have been frozen over for a year .
 I received one of these as a gift . I set it up and really enjoyed it for about four months . Then it quit working altogether . I wish they would build one that lasts !
 The rain gauge worked well for a year and a half . Batteries lasted one year and are nearly impossible to replace without breaking the cover . Once the cover is broken water gets inside and you are done . On the other hand it 's cheap so if you do n't mind buying and installing one each year or two this is your rain gauge !
 This is the 4th unite purchased and 3 had failure from start . One worked . They depend on new batteries to work as indicated in instructions .
 This unit set up easily and worked fine for about a week then lost connection . I still need to bring in the outside unit to check it but hard to do when it 's raining a lot like now .
 This device has some very serious disadvantages .1 . The instructions are very poor .2 . The outdoor gauge and the indoor indicator must be fairly close together . In my case I had to put them about 20 feet apart with direct line-of-sight going through a thermo-paned window .3 . In order to get the indoor and outdoor units to communicate , you have to have the two units within about 5 feet of each other while you install the batteries in the indoor unit .4 . The ability to reset readings to zero are `` clunky . '' In order to reset the 24-hour reading , you must remove the batteries for two minutes . Then you have to go through the process of getting the outdoor and indoor units communicating again . -LRB- See No. 3 , above -RRB- Additionally , resetting the 24-hour reading also resets the total accumulated reading to zero .5 . While the description says batteries last 36 months , I have had to replace mine every three months . Replacing the batteries in the outside unit is not easy , and the clips on the battery case broke on the third time I replaced them . It took some drilling and screwing to jury rig a repair . Moreover , replacing the batteries requires going through the process of establishing communication between the two units again -LRB- see No. 3 above -RRB- .6 . The limit for the 24-hour reading is 10 inches . This may not be a problem in most places ; however , in Florida it is a problem . When the 24-hour reading goes over 10 , the indicator shows `` OFL '' , which apparently means `` overflow . '' In order to get it working again , you must remove the batteries in the indoor unit - which resets everything and requires re-establishing communication again -LRB- see No. 3 above -RRB- . I 'd suggest trying a different brand .
 The design of the outdoor unit is poor because the battery compartment cover does n't seat well and allows moisture in . It worked for about 6 months and quit completely . New batteries did n't help . Also , the order you have to put them in to establish communications between the units is a pain . Spend more money and get a good one or spend less and get the simple tube type with no batteries .
 Received this as a gift . Never could get it working and they 've made it difficult to return -LRB- why should I have to pay for shipping on your piece of junk equipment , La Crosse `` Technology '' ??? -RRB- . With all the negative reviews this thing has gotten it obviously has some quality control issues .
 When compared to two old-fashioned and calibrated gauges , it overstated the amount of precipitation by 25 % , then after a couple of weeks , it quit functioning completely . A piece of junk
 I received this product as a Christmas gift . It worked for 2-3 weeks until segments in the indoor display started failing . I then went through all of the other frustrations of replacing batteries and trying to get the two units to communicate , until the battery cover for the outside unit broke . Lifespan of < 3 months . I recommend this product be avoided .
 This rain guage never worked right out of the box . I installed the batteries into the two units and got nothing but dashed lines on the display . I thought that I finally got it to work and I installed the unit outside and the first rain it registered nothing . Would not purchase ever again .
 This item does not work . I had an old style rain gauge right next to it . The electronic one said no rain . The old fashion rain gauge had 4/10ths in it . i highly recommend that you do n't buy this item . -LRB- And it was setup exactly to the enclosed instructions -RRB-
 I 'm very disappointed in this rain gauge . As has been stated , it 's a huge pain to set up after every little thing happens . The two units are only 10 feet apart , direct line of sight through a thermopane window , it still loses contact constantly . Then I have to take them both apart , remove the batteries , and go through the whole deal of set up each time . Until it was 6 months old , when it stopped working altogether . Lacrosse should be ashamed to put their name on this junk .
 I bought the ` electronic ` rain guage from Amazon.com -LRB- rather than UK -RRB- and the product eventually made its way across the Atlantic . Sadly , despite it saying in the Instructions that it should n`t be relied upon for total accuracy , it was n`t accurate at all - it under registered each rainfall event and the indoor component did n`t display all the symbols that it should have .
 this product is not worth buying , it does not work . i returned the product to Wendy 's Green House and so far have not received my refund .
 Bought this unit in May of 2009 . It worked perfectly for about a Year today It quit working.Installed new batteries in both units works when both Units are next to one another but when moved to It 's existing outside location just dash lines .
 I bought three of these for Christmas Gifts , they have all failed with the first year .
 Bought two La Crosse ws-9004u rain gauges , one works one does not . Heck , one out of two aint bad !!! Cheap price cheap product .
 The box containing the electronics and batteries is very cheap and wo n't stay latched down on one end . I had to use some tape . Would I buy this product again ? NO ! Would I recommend it to someone ? NO !
 I PURCHASED THREE OF THESE FOR GIFTS . THE READINGS WERE SO INACCURATE THAT I DECIDED TO TEST THE UNIT . ALL PRECAUTIONS WERE TAKEN AS LISTED IN THE ON-LINE TROUBLESHOOTING GUIDE . SIMPLY STATED , THE UNITS ARE OF SUCH POOR QUALITY AND ENGINEERING THAT THEY ARE TRULY NOT USABLE . RECOMMEND NOT PURCHASING THIS UNIT .
 The base unit failed during a lightning storm . The unit worked fine for about 2 months 6 weeks . Then during a rain storm , the base unit -LRB- Model TX24U-IT -RRB- failed when lightning struck about 200 feet away . The LaCrosse technician on the phone , who seem very knowledgeable , verified the base unit was `` dead '' . I asked if nearby lightning strikes were seen as a common cause of failure for this electronic device , but he would n't say . I also ask whether the unit 's electronics were designed with any lightning suppression diodes which are a common and inexpensive way of protecting electronic circuits from lightning induced voltage pulses . But he refused to say . This may have been a trick question on my part because I already had opened the unit and did n't see any such lightning protection . I told the LaCrosse technician that if his company found that they had many more failures -LRB- per unit sold -RRB- in Florida than in say California or Washington state , then the cause of such an increase would be lightning . He did n't seem interested . My conclusion is that this unit may always be vulnerable to nearby lightning strikes and it could fail any time -LRB- months or years -RRB- if you live in a that has frequent lightning storms .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my husband . Due to it arriving in winter , my husband was not able to set it up until spring -LRB- when the return time frame had ended -RRB- . He was never able to get a signal at the receiver in spite of hours of varying the placement of the sensor . I wish I had read the other unfavorable reviews prior to purchase , as I never would have bought it . I gave this product 1 star as I was unable to to change the rating to a zero ... is that a strong enough statement ?! Do n't buy !
 This worked okay for about a year , but now it 's stopped registering rainfall . I think the plastic arm inside has gotten gummed up .
 This &#34; Wireless &#34; rain guage is worthless . Item worked for a minimum of 6 months . Continues to loose signal and even with fresh batteries , needs to be reset every two weeks . It has eaten through a mess of batteries and is totally not worth the cost or effort to keep it running . I am looking for a stable replacement . Sad , it looks quality made , but function is non existent . Buy at your own risk . LaCrosse is off my list .
 After a year and a half I give up on this rain gauge . It only registers 2/3 of rain when side by side with regular tube gauge . I have calibrated it to Lacrosse instructions to no avail . Battery life is about 60 days in cold weather and is difficult to replace batteries and reinstall and battery cover will break very easy due to faulty design .
 Unit worked for two months and failed , receiver stopped showing any rain amounts . Changed batteries several times , no luck . Avoid this product .
 Twice I have had to remove the batteries from BOTH units just to reset the remote to zero . Resetting the remote to zero should be the simple task of pressing the reset button on the remote . I previously admired the name `` La Crosse '' . Right now I question their design , engineering and manufacturing of this product.TBJ
 I have had this rain gauge about a year and it is more trouble than it 's worth . The company tells me it 's the batteries , they were ' t `` fresh '' enough . Well , I have changed the batteries and still only works for a day or so . When I contacted the company I was told that if it still did n't work I could send it back and they would test it . Just a word of caution ... do n't buy it !!!
 receiver has poor range and stopped working in a few day . This is a poor product and manual has very small print .
 I could not get it to work after three weeks . I am use to complicated , reliable , scientific instruments -LRB- I am an Analytical Chemist -RRB- and this item is not one of them ! I contacted the company and their replies were canned and useless . Even at its best , you have to take the batteries out of each piece to reset it . What is wrong with a simple shunt button ? My advice is to try something else . I may use it for target practice . BGR , Central NJ
 Original did n't work from last December . Replacement came , followed directions , had to call for assistance , finally got it working . Worked fine all year until now . Display dimmed out so I replaced batteries in collector and receiver . Followed specific instructions for setting up again , but just getting dashes on display instead of zeros . Given up on La Crosse `` Technology . ''
 I purchased this rain gauge on Christmas Day for myself and my brother and it worked for approximately 30 days.First off , the outside component is flimsy - the battery cover broke when I inserted the batteries and I had to use tape to secure them , which allowed moisture into the battery compartment . The plastic holes broke when I anchored it on my fence , and even though the bucket and receiver were well within 30-feet of each other , they would not communicate so I had to go through the process of moving and securing again.Each time you want to zero out the meter you have to remove the batteries and then reestablish the connection , which is a pain . The second time I zeroed out the unit all I got were dashes on the display screen.I will stick with my reliable tube rain gauge from now on and do without the cheap toy .
 I bought one of these last September and could never get it to report more than half the real rainfall . Two weeks ago it went blank and stopped working completely . I put in new batteries , reset it and nothing happened . I 've been on the phone and email with company to zero satisfaction . The thing is a piece of junk . I give it ZERO stars . And you go n't get your money back when you ask .
 Simply does n't work . Batteries are OK and have changed the line of sight but there is no recording of rainfall . A big disappointment .
 I bought the rain gauage and had problems with trying to have the receiver zero out when inserting the batteries . After 2 days of trying to get it to zero out , I returned it and bought another one . It took several more tries to get it to work and finaly successed . I had to remove a battery and inserted 2 new batteries and guess what , Again it would not zero out . I am not new to electronics and have had several rain gauges over the years , but this is a worthless product !!!!!!!
 Not what I expected . A lot of plastic and a mechanical arm . I have no confidence in the product .
 Very disappointing construction , a laminated paper insert , possibly styrofoam is the heart of this mister . The plug is about the size of quarter and a little thinner it has two little holes that spins water up the conical shaped sides of the head to produce a mist . The mist is n't that fine and the insert is going to wear out long before the brass has even started thinking about wearing out . Then you 'll be left with a one pound brass paperweight . Definite regret on this purchase . Consider the Fogg It nozzle instead .
 I have been happy with hundreds of purchases made on Amazon . This item is so cheaply made it is dangerous . I knew the price was to good to be true . The item must be assembled . The metal edges were sharp . Once assemble , it was difficult to light . I am afraid to actually cook something . I will try ... but this may be my last review ... I am afraid , very afraid . It 's my fault for buying this piece of crap , but I think Amazon is at fault for even listing it . Spend thee extra money and buy something good .
 Only has a 10,000 BTU burner . The description says 20,000 . I never opened it and instead spent a little more money on the Cuisinart .
 I returned this grill . It had sharp edges which may injure the owner . Also the grates were not removable , so it would be very difficult to clean them . We were quite disappointed with the grill . It did n't put out enough heat to cook a steak . I guess you got what you paid for in this case . .
 Item cam with a huge dent because there was absolutely no packing material to protect it.What were you thinking ...
 I returned the product after opening the package and finding it to be of cheap flimsy construction with a grill area too small to be of practical use .
 Yes this grill was less expensive than many out there , so I could n't possibly expect this to be the best out there . However , I was camping in cold rainy weather this weekend . I was grilling some burgers on high , when all of a sudden flames shot out from the closed lid as if it was going to blow up . There were flames also coming out from the bottom hole and lighting my wood table on fire . When investigating what to do , the adjustable lever you tell how high you want it was frozen with ice . The only way to turn this off was to pull the propane off . I restarted thinking this was some fluke ... however it started to ice the lever again . Def to cheap to use .
 The grill started fine , but after running for a short time , the flames got much higher . The gas regulator in the temperature control was malfunctioning . I felt the valve and it was ice cold . Apparently this regulator freezes and sticks . Turning it off had no effect . I unscrewed the gas bottle to stop it . Not a smart thing to do , but nothing else worked . I notice the Weber `` Go Anywhere '' has a similar valve , so I ordered one on ebay for around 20 bucks shipping included and will try that . The grill is constructed OK , stainless lasts a long time . Hope this works . It 's Chinese , so . no hope of money back . Strongly advise not buying it .
 The product is dangerous . My husband had it burning out in the driveway and the flame started climbing and climbing -- he could not turn it off . He eventually had to kick off the gas cylinder or it would have exploded . It also claims that you can you can use the larger tank -- well , you ca n't !
 I bought the grill for my boyfriend for our anniversary . I had ordered it a month before our special day , so it was hiding in the closet for a while . I did n't bother to open it to check , which was a big mistake . So the special day came and we sat down and he opened the box , the outside box was fine , but the box for the actual grill was dented . When we pulled the grill out , we noticed that the grill was dented as well , and it was missing a nut to screw the propane pipe . I had contacted the company and they never emailed me back . And the only message I received was that Amazon was reviewing the case.Buy at your own risk people .
 The grill is ok in a pinch . It does not have a grease pan to catch drippings , therefore can only be used where such drips are not problematic . I thought I could use it on my boat . No way!Grease on the deck of a boat can be disasterous.It is best used for camping , were you can set it on the ground.The maker should add a grease pan and mounting bracket to the bottom of the unit , and compete with marine units costing 350 percent more . They would sell like hot cakes .
 The Stansport Portable grill I received was missing piecesI returned item to Amazon
 I had this product for one day . I opened the box and found no instructions . There were parts missing . Also I purchased it for use on my boat . I found out that the only part of it that was stainless was the burner.So , I returned it the next day .
 I have had this grill for almost 2 years now , and grill about 4 to 6 times a week and like to grill year round . I bought it simply because it was considerably less than others . I have never had the flair up problems others have had . I have had no problem cooking what ever I have wanted to cook on it -LRB- steaks , chops , chicken -RRB- . Never tried low temp . cooking.The main complaint I have is , it has n't lasted the time I would have liked . The grate has rusted beyond use and no drip tray or igniter.Also the unit came with no instructions for assembly , being a guy they are usually the last things we look at , but nice to have.It 's not a grill that can handle wind , it wo n't last a long time , and there are no replacement placement parts that you can get , and from what I have been told customer service is less than satisfactory.I am currently looking for something more reliable and long lasting to replace it with .
 I was really looking forward to this working as it was one of the few sprayers made with a metal body instead of plastic . Unfortunately , it just does n't work as advertised . It suffers from the same problem all of the other sprayers do - Can NOT spray anything thicker than water . Which is unfortunate given that it is advertised as a `` Deck Tri-poxy Steel Sprayer . '' It comes with three different nozzles which the instructions state are for different viscosity liquids -LRB- i.e. clear sealer , Semi-Transparent , and solid -RRB- . I first tried the nozzle designed for the stain I was using , I got a steady , solid , stream . No fanning . So I tried the other two nozzles , same thing , steady stream . At first I thought perhaps I need more pressure ... so I pumped , and pumped , and the same thing , steady stream . Then I began adjusting the nozzles and couplings , nothing worked . I cleaned it out and put water in it and the thing worked perfectly . I got a nice wedged shaped fan . Bottom line - This will work if your spraying insecticide around the house . Do not buy if you 're looking for something that will actually seal your deck .
 This product absolutely is not meant for stain . regardless of what it says , it does not `` spray '' stain on the deck like you would expect it to do . It basicaly comes out in a staight line , and made doing the deck much more work that i thought it would be when i purchased this product . Wouldnt recommend it .
 I must rate this SP2 sprayer with the lowest score I can . -LRB- I would have rated it -0 - and This is why -RRB- When I was shopping for a backpack sprayer I had no preconceived idea which one was better made or had better support from the company . So I went through the listings and looked at several I was interested in . It came down between this SP2 and another manufacturer . I read the reviews , and chose SP2 because the reviews on the SP2 were so good . I now believe that the reason the reviews are so good is because those people that have a good experience are more inclined to write a review . But let me tell you my situation so you can save some money.I purchased the SP2 and got it fast from Amazon - > Great!Put some water in it and pumped it up ; it would not pressurize . I went to their website and found it says quote , `` This is a common problem '' . I repeatedly pumped it vigorously 30-50 times . Again tank would not pressurize - > Very BadI called the manufacture for help to resolve the problem and they had me disassemble it so as to check on the condition of the seals ... all of them looked good ; and also lubed . After re-assembly ... still no pressurization . To this point I have repeatedly called them and have subsequently disassembled and reassembled the SP2 * 4 times * I have yet to get any pressurization from this unit.I asked them if I could make an exchange - their reply was that they do not do exchanges.They did offer to repair it -LRB- a brand new unit mind you -RRB- at my expense . Shipping there and back plus parts . I am not going to put one more dime into this well made piece of junk.You might be one of the lucky ones that gets a good unit . . I bought this SP Systems sprayer because I like well made equipment ; I will not buy anything from them ever again ... my time is valuable to me also . Besides , I do not think that a brand new purchase should ever need fixing before it can be used .
 2nd change
 This review is probably a bit premature but here goes . I was impressed with the SP-2 when I first received it , the way it was designed and put together . After assembling the few pieces necessary to make it work I tried pumping with the handle without results . So i read the different fixes and with a gallon of water to simulate a normal liquid I tried again without any results . I really would like to make this unit work as I think it is a better designed unit over the box store models so I got a return shipping label and sent it back to the shipper and hope to get a better working unit in the near future . Hopefully I will be satisfied with the replacement .
 It is brand new and will not Pressurize . I went to the dealer 's website and followed the instructions , oiled everything and had to get really ruff with the pump handle -LRB- just like they told me -RRB- to get the pump to break free . It finaly did and started working for about 3 hours , then it quit again . I worked another hour trying to get it going again , no luck . I drove 15 miles to the hardware store and bought a Stihl , it works great , much better than the SP and almost half the price ! The SP Dealer is clearly aware of this problem , they say it is common for this to happen . The way I feel is if you are spending this kind of money the product should work . I am going to try and send it back .
 This sprayer had a few problems from day 1 achieving pressure . It would work fine and then not work at all . I called SP customer support and got the run around . Honestly , it was one of the worst customer support teams I have ever dealt with . They told me to check the seals . I took the pump completely apart and all of the seals were lubed and brand new . After reassembly the unit would still not pressurize . I purchased the SP2 because it was rated as professional and I wanted a high quality unit for home use . You may be luckly to get a unit that works but I would honestly not recommend taking the chance . After reading other reviews , it appears several people have had a similar issue so surely SP knows there are quality problems with the units .
 I would love to review this product if it would ever arrive.This is thsecond time that I have ordered this sprayer.Last time after several months I gave up and did not renew the delivery date and so the order was canceled.If they do not have the product to sell why say so.Very frustrated with Amazon.COM at this point .
 I do n't really `` rate '' this product poorly , but it 's wrong for wettable powders . I bought it to spray Surround WP , a finely ground clay `` wettable powder '' insect repellant popular with organic gardeners . I have used Surround for several years with a hand-held sprayer without problem . The SP leaked from the bottom first use so I returned it for replacement . The second one leaked also and lost ability to hold pressure after one use . This prompted research online as the reputation of these sprayers is good . I found something from a competitor , Solo , saying that wettable powders ruin `` piston '' pump sprayers but work fine with `` diaphragm '' pump sprayers -LRB- like the hand-held I 've been using I 'm guessing -RRB- . Nothing in the SP documentation warns of this . SP offers an optional agitation kit that you have to order separately from the manufacturer and install yourself , but they do n't say not to use the sprayer as-is with wettable powders , and I bet a power mixed thick -LRB- 3 cups per gal -RRB- like Surround will still ruin the piston even with the kit . I ordered a more expensive SP0 that supposedly will work . On the up side , the Amazon return procedure was great .
 SP Systems 4-Gallon 70 psi Farm and Home Back Pack Sprayer # 01SV477One of the few items I 've ordered from Amazon that was a complete failure.Unit leaked the first time I used it where the wand connects to the hose and no amount of tightening or added washers helped.The nozzle has no spray adjustment to it . It only sprays a fan pattern , which ends up all over your shoes no matter how nimble you are.Stay away from this turkey .
 Do n't buy this sprayer unless you must have the 150 lb . feature!I have owned a SP sprayer for two years . I have used it to spray roundup . It clogged and I took it apart to repair it . When I put it back together it would not build up pressure and did not work . I purchased new replacement parts . The recommended Kit 12 is very expensive . $ 28.89 for two `` O '' rings and two `` rubber ? '' washers . Despite the overpriced replacement parts cost SP also charged a $ 1.31 Materials Handling Fee and a $ 5.00 Warehouse Handling Fee . These fees were not mentioned a the time I placed the telephone order . I am buying a new sprayer from a different company .
 Recently purchased the CS18 Grass Shears and was looking forward to using this extension handle to give my back a break . Unfortunately though , the grass shears would not fully attach to the extension handle , so the shears would wobble around and fall off . Very disappointed .
 I had an old unit by the manufacturer this company replaced for many years , and it died . This is something I use infrequently , but need occasionally . The little clippers , while not great , are pretty good , but I went through 3 handles -LRB- 2 from Amazon and 1 from manufacturer -RRB- before I got one I finally knocked on -LRB- not slid on -RRB- . The plugs are at such an angle they do n't slide into the socket . I 'm afraid to try to take the handle off because it may come off or go back on , but it has to be off to charge -LRB- old one charged in the handle -RRB- . Does n't work very well in the handle either . It has to be used at an angle so it does n't clip the grass very well.Had no problems with Amazon or manufacturer customer service .
 I must say I was skeptical about purchasing this item . First , I found the sears to easily fit into and out of this extension handle , so I 'm not sure why others had problems with it . Second , the unit works very well and it only took a few moments to trim around our garden walls and pond . The problem I encountered with the handle was that the motor in the trimmer slowed down significantly after only a few minutes of running . Take the trimmer out of the handle and it worked just fine . Put it back and it would run slow . I DO NOT recommend that anyone do this , but I took the handle apart and noticed that the wires to the handle switch were a very small gauge . I expect that after running a few minutes the wires heated up , resulting in additional resistance , hence dropping the voltage to shears . I installed larger wires and the unit now works fine . The shears only have a 4.8 volt battery and the amperage draw is fairly high with this low voltage . If the battery were a higher voltage , say 9.6 volts , the amperage draw would only be 1/2 of the 4.8 volt battery and the existing wires would probably have been OK . The shears work great and in my opinion are a great value to price . It 's too bad the handle extension does not work as well . If the manufacturer installed a larger gauge wire I would have give the extension handle a 5 star rating .
 This product does not perform the way I had hoped it would . In trying to trim along a sidewalk edge , the clipper becomes buried in the grass and drains the charge on the unit . I purchased it for my parents in hopes that it would eliminate the need for them to have to bend over to do their trimming . Does n't function in an acceptable manner . I would not recommend this product .
 Like the clipper that is associated with this handle , save your money and do n't buy it . It 's cheap and flimsy . My wife had a hard time snapping the clipper unit into the handle , -LRB- although I thought it was quite easy -RRB- She pinched her finger on it while snapping in the clipper and that was it ... . in the trash it went . I agree ...
 The extension handle is a tempting solution for people with back problems , but it is badly designed . The hadle attaches to the trimmer easily , but the voltage drop is so great that the trimmer has very little power to operate with . The wheels are small and the whole assembly is almost uncontrollable while trimming.I do not recommend this product .
 I was hoping I bought an extention handle for my clippers . What I received was a flimsy plastic toy . It uses a force fit to stay atached and usually detached avery few feet . Not happy at all with this product .
 I 've been very happy with the grass shears and bought the extension handle DESPITE the poor reviews it was receiving . Unfortunately , I ordered it in winter and did n't actually unpack until spring , too late to return it to Amazon . The power connector was visibly misshapen and I have to straighten it out to get it to plug into the shears . I was rewarded with shears that worked . For about two minutes . Then the freshly charged shears stopped running , even without the handle . Since they will no longer take a charge or show ANY sign of life , I have to conclude the defective handle shorted out the shears . So , in addition to wasting money on the handle , I now have to buy another pair of shears . Major bummer .
 I was unable to attach the american gardener to the extension handle . Consequently , the plug arrangement became squewed and the extension handle is unusable . Without ever having used the extension handle it had to be discarded .
 I HAD TO GO THRU TWO HANDLES TO REALIZE THAT THEY DO N'T WORK.WHEN I PLUG IN THE EXTENSION HANDLE TO THE GRASS SHEARS , THE SHEARS DO N'T WORK . WHEN I DISCONNECT THE HANDLE FROM THE SHEARS , THE SHEARS WORK PERFECT . THERE SEEMS TO BE NO `` CONTACT '' OF POWER TO THE SHEARS FROM THE HANDLE . IT LOOKS GOOD IN THE PICTURE . YOU NEED IT TO WORK GOOD IN THE REAL WORLD .
 I read the poor reviews and decided to order this extension handle anyway . I should not have done so , as the unit is really junk . It is extremely flimsy , and the switch does not activate the grass shear . There is intermittent contact , but it 's clear the problem is with the handle , not the operator or the grass shear . Save yourself a problem , and do n't bother with this extension handle . I 'll be returning it to Amazon later today . The grass shear that does with the handle has been working well so far , so the poor quality of this extension handle is disappointing . American Gardener should be ashamed of selling such a poor quality product .
 Item flimsey Constructed to light to have the cutter attached
 My handle will not snap into the bottom to hold the shears in place . The connection is made if you hold it in place , but it wo n't hold on it 's own . If it were made better , this would not be a problem . I did n't bother to read the reviews . That was my mistake .
 The American Gardener grass shear I purchased along with the extension handle is a very good , well built tool . The extension handle on the other hand is flimsy , cheaply built and hard to handle . Sliding the shear into to extension base is also a time consuming task .
 I am not impressed with the materials . However I have not had the right weather to use this outdoors . I hope it proves me wrong .
 well this is the only product that i have ordered from amazon that i am not writing a great review on . the only reason i ca n't because i ordered this product a month ago and it was not in stock and i am still waiting on it .
 I purchased an American Gardner line trimmer several years ago . The first summer it worked great ... plenty of power , charge lasted long , etc. . Over the winter -LRB- Chicago -RRB- it stayed in the garage with the charger unplugged . When I tried to charge the unit the next spring , the charger LED showed red . I called Am . Gardner and they sent a new charger for free but when I tried to use it to charge the unit , its LED also showed red -LRB- indicating that the lead-acid batteries would not charge . -RRB- I bought a 2nd Am . Gardner line trimmer -LRB- same model -RRB- . I thought to myself that this time , I would place the unit and charger in the basement over the winter and keep the charger plugged in at all times so that the unit was constantly charging . When I tried the unit the following spring it worked like new . So , I thought I had solved the problem and would be able to use the unit for years -LRB- since the trickle charging over the winter seemed to keep the batteries in good condition -RRB- . I moved the unit and charger to the garage for another summer of yard work . Then , it got over 95 deg . F in my garage one day and the charger LED showed red . After that one day , the unit never worked again , i.e. , charger LED showed red and batteries would not charge . My thoughts are that something , either in the batteries or the charger , is destroyed when the ambient temperature gets in the high nineties . I bet that if you keep the unit and charger constantly charging -LRB- no long periods of time off the charger -LRB- except , of course , when you are using it -RRB- and COOL -LRB- not in a hot garage -RRB- , it will last for several years .
 There really do not seem to be any electric string trimmers around which get glowing reports . I was a little dubious when I ordered my Yardstick as the reviews were mixed , although on balance mostly positive . Here is my take
 I have this product and purchased it in May 2004 . I have used it as a typical Florida homeowner throughout the years since I made the purchase , every weekend or so in the summer and hardly at all in the winter . I thought I was being green going battery powered . I never let it go completely dead and tried to keep a charge on the battery . Well , this is June 2007 and its dead . It works great while it works , good for light duty.I though it would have lasted longer . Have n't tried to find a battery yet but is it worth it ? Seems disposable . So much for going green!FYI - I am now going to buy a gas combo ...
 Well , let ' e be fair ... I really liked this when I first received it . Ample power and convenient . However , I lasted less than a year . The unit will not recharge and does not have enough power to trim . You have been warned .
 Dont buy it . In the first place when the battery goes bad in about a year you cant get replacements from the company . In the second place before the battery goes out the thing begins to fall about starting with the shroud that is supposed to cut the line . And speaking of the line you have the fun of finding the the line has gone inside the spool constantly so that you are always taking the spool apart to restring the cutting line . Other than these things its great .
 I probably only used this trimmer for 4 hours . I found the weight a large factor . It 's heavy . After holding it for 20 minutes , your arms will be sore . I am male , 5 ' 10 '' , 200 lbs with strong arms and shoulders.I found the cutting path to be narrow until I took off the shroud that cuts the trim cord.Higher ratings if it still worked .
 I was excited to be getting a trimmer that ran on batteries ! I use battery operated equipment for all of my woodworking needs -LRB- hand saw , jig saw , drill , etc -RRB- and they work great with plenty of power and good quality . That 's not what you get with this trimmer though . If I could give no stars I would.After 1 month the handle broke - how are you supposed to use this without a good handle ? We duct-taped it the best we could because it was either that or buy a new trimmer right away.After 2 months the plastic gaurd piece broke -LRB- where the string feeds out -RRB- . Finally , the power is not sufficient to even trim to my small front yard -LRB- typical city lot -RRB- so that I eventually went back to a gas-powered weed eater . Works great and the gas mess is worth the quality .
 This trimmer cuts like a champ . The 24-volt system holds a charge for a long time , and the trimmer will do all the trimming on my small lot on one charge . It is also the most powerful rechargeable trimmer I 've ever used . Its power rivals that of a very good Sears trimmer we have that plugs into the wall.The trouble is , while this tool is well designed , American Gardener seems to have neglected to buy and install high-quality components when they made it . I 've had two of these trimmers . I was delighted with the first , until it quit on me while I was using it for the second time . It probably had 45 minutes run time on it . I gave it to a young man who was running a yardcare business , but I never asked whether or not he got it running.To prove that dumb really does run in my family , I bought a second 24-V Yardstick . We put it into service in the spring of 2007 , and it has died already . It probably has 10 hours of use on it , maximum . The battery wo n't take or hold a charge . I do n't know or care whether the problem is in the battery or the charger . I have plans for this trimmer and charger ; they involve a trip to the shooting range and a couple large caliber revolvers.I 'm not trying to go back to American Gardener for repairs , as they were not the least bit interested in helping me on my first unit when it died . Do n't count on their guarantee . It may well be worse than their trimmer.I do n't think I would buy another American Gardener Yardstick if they were on sale for three bucks each .
 I purchased my unit two weeks ago after reading the rave reviews . I too was ready to abandon my stinky gas trimmer.I was initially optimistic when I opened up the unit . The unit was a bit heavy , but well balanced , and I liked how easy it was to spin the handle on the unit to switch the head from horizonal to vertical . The symmetric switch arrangement was intuitive and easy to use.After charging overnight , I headed out to start trimming . Almost immediately the spool feed became a real pain . The line would not feed smoothly , making it necessary to remove the spool to advance the line manually almost every time . -LRB- I now know why they include a second spool for free ... -RRB- . This weekend I brought it out for its ' second use . This time , the spool kicked out a double length of line . This extra amount of line should have hit the line cutter and been trimmed off . Instead , the line wrapped around the cutter and SHEARED IT OFF , sending the nice sharp chunk of metal flying . Since the line cutter is riveted to the line guard , it is not a user replaceable item.I 'm sending it back in the morning and looking at other models . I have n't ruled out other American Gardner products , but I think I will pass on this one .
 I bought this several months ago on the strength of the other reviews . The trimmer is attractive and balanced well , and the battery lasts long enough for me to work for almost an hour , which is great . Beyond that , I ca n't say much in favor of this item . The spool of line jams constantly -- I 've switched the spool and that does n't help . Every five or ten seconds I have to manually pull off the spool and advance the line by hand . The bumping mechanism is really poorly designed . The line has also broken the plastic guard at the end , so I 'll replace it before selling this used or giving it away . I 'm going to look at double-string trimmers , and anything by Black and Decker since their other products have worked well for me . This one has been a pain ... from the start ,
 I have had all the same problems as the others who have posted here.String cutter went fast , spool cover tab broke , charge does n't last as long as the Ryobi I last had . too much fiddling with the string feeder . BEFORE YOU BUY FINDOUT ABOUT REPLACEMENT PARTS AND HOW TO GET THEM .
 It 's too heavy , unbalanced , does n't keep a charge very long , the cord keeps breaking and it wo n't serves as an edger ... it trims fair and is cordless ... so if that 's what you 're after BUY it ... if not , stay with what you have .
 I bought this item two years ago to use for my VERY , VERY small yard . During the second use , I propped it against a fence to move some items in my yard and it fell over , breaking the plastic holding handle . Some popsicle sticks and LOTS of duct tape later , it was somewhat usable again.Later the first year , another plastic part broke -LRB- I ca n't really explain what it is but it is down by the trimmer line -RRB- . MORE duct tape and it was stumbling along once again.Then , early the second year , the plastic bump-feed part also broke so now the line has to be manually pulled out -LRB- and that is a big pain -RRB- . I do not recommend this trimmer at all - it is 95 % plastic and lousy plastic at that . I 'm tossing it this year and looking for a replacement that is more metal and less cheap plastic .
 I bought this trimmer in 2007 when it was about half the price that it is now . I was happy with it until I realized the LED light on the charger stopped lighting up . The charger is broken and wo n't charge the battery so it 's useless to me . The replacement product is apparently on back-order and I would have to wait forever to get a new charger . I 'm not sure what to do now . I would not recommend buying this product at all , I probably only used it 15 times and now it 's dead .
 I just finished replacing a brand new line unit and before I could even finish my front lawn I had to fix the line at least 10 times ! And this is not the first time that I have had this issue , it is every time . I wish I had never purchased this item and I will never buy another .
 Would you believe it the battery is NO good after 3 times ofuse . Of course there 's NO warranee for battery life.DO NOT BUY . The product weights a ton and GOD forbid youlost the spring used to hold cutting spool $ .29 + $ .695 s & S. ; You guessed it I lost the spring . So I ordered the spring and3 replacement spools $ 22.50 . Put new spool in place - press thebuttons - no noise - nothing . Called tech support - explainedworks while mounted - does NOT work Unmounted - Answer You NEED-New Battery - SORRY batteries are NOT included in our warinteeDO NOT BUY PRODUCTd
 As a previous reviewer also experienced , the trim line cutter broke off the first time I used this product . I was hoping this product would do the job as it seems well built , but with the ease at which the line cutter broke off , I wonder . I have to now return mine and reconsider a gas powered unit .
 The trimmer seems to have potential - power , well balanced , decent battery life . But I too ended my first session with the string cutter sheared off.When I contacted American Gardener , they punted on providing service , referring me back to the purchaser . They -LRB- Tool Crib of the North -RRB- do n't provide customer service over the weekend.So the jury 's still out .
 As usual , Amazon came through with an excellent price and prompt shipping.This product is the pits , though ! It worked pretty well through the first charge but quit ten minutes into what should have been the second charge . After much inquiry and detective work , it was found to have `` bad batteries '' , which would n't hold a charge and needed to be replaced . After reading the very fine print , we found that the batteries are NOT covered under the warranty and cost as much to replace as the trimmer initially cost . This after only 55 minutes of use.I 've gone back to an electric corded trimmer after this experience . Like the title says , Amazon , good , trimmer , bad ! I had to give it one star for the 55 minutes of use ...
 Customer Service is terrible , no help at all . They clearly do not stand behind their products . Needed parts and they were unable to help me .
 This is not a good product . The trimmer is heavy and the charge does not stay for long . You will have to keep charging it . DO NOT BUY !
 battery always charged to full power within 2-3 hours . However , spent 2 years chasing the line inside the spool because it would not feed line when prompted . Tonight , finally had enough and smashed against a tree ! I am buying a Black & Decker Hedgehog !
 I have had one of these for one year . Actually , I have a Craftsman model 900013 which is the same unit under a different label . This trimmer will initially impress you . It 's powerful and the battery seems to run forever . It 's a very good trimmer and a decent edger . What 's not to like ? Well , I 'll tell you . Read through all these reviews -LRB- check out the reviews at Sears , too -RRB- and pay attention to those from people who 've owned one of these units for a significant length of time ... After about 3-4 months you will begin to notice that the battery does n't seem to last as long as it used to . Then one day the unit will just stop working for no apparent reason . It will act like the battery is dead , even though it 's fully charged -LRB- according to the charger -RRB- . When that happens , just hold the trigger of the unit on while bumping the trimming end firmly against the ground . If you 're lucky , it will start working for a few minutes before it quits again . But by then , the battery will be getting so weak the unit will barely cut through anything . The long battery life it used to have is now a thing of the past . If it runs strong for 5 minutes at this point , you 're doing pretty good!My advice ? Keep your receipt and box handy . You 're going to need them when you return it for a refund/replacement . I wish this thing lasted . It 's a great product right out of the box . Unfortunately , it probably wo n't last you into a second season .
 I have used this unit about 5 times only.Already the spool advance cap has broken off.If your buying.I would look for a better quality product.They lost my buisness .
 Pros : - Charge lasts quite a while . Get about an hour out of it . Trims 3/4 acre yard without any degradation in power.-Best torque and power for an electric trimmer-Environmentally friendlyCons : - Heavy and can cramp your hand a bit for larger jobs -LRB- 1/2 acre + -RRB- - String cutter blade broke off after third use.-Dropped the unit on to concrete from 2 ft. off the ground . Handle cracked and the string guard cracked . My fault , but my old gas powered Toro and Homelite took similar abuse without damage.-String snaps off a lot during edging -LRB- every 3 or 4 feet I had to mess with the string feeder -RRB- . Edging is a bit difficult if you have some overgrowth on a driveway , for example . The owners manual does state the string will break until the yard is edged a few times , so at least the manufacturer realizes this issue . Thus , edge often and the string wo n't snap/jam as much -LRB- 20 - 30 ft on average before having to advance the string -RRB- . Recommendation : - Light duty trimming.-1 / 4 acre lots best used , 1/2 acre at most.-Heavy trimming or edging , not recommended.Next purchase will be a gas-powered model .
 This thing is poorly constructed . Within 20 minutes of using it , it basically self-destructed . I 've used many weed wackers . It first impressed me as being underpowered and with a small cutting radius , but I got the hang of using it . Then the cord broke off -LRB- as they often do -RRB- . I took off the spool , re-extended the cord , and replaced the spool . When I turned it on and the cord hit the cutter -LRB- which trims the cord to length -RRB- , instead of cutting the cord , it merely grabbed it , which then bent the cutter out of the way , and then the cord proceeded to smash up the protective plastic shield . Perhaps this is a fluke , but it seems poorly constructed to me .
 Strengths ----------- * Cordless * Well balanced * No gas , no oil , no exhaust fumes!Weaknesses ------------ * Charge does n't hold up for larger yards * Blade that cuts off excess trimmer line broke after 2nd useBottom line
 I purchashed this item because of the rave reviews , I did see a few complaints about the line feed mechanism but I thought I 'd give it a try anyway . This was a big mistake ! The first time i tried to use this trimmer the line jammed and broke off at the feed hole withing 5 minutes . Had to take it apart , rewind string , of course I dropped the spool and had to rewind the entire thing . Five minutes later , same problem , and I noticed that the knife that attaches to the gaurd -LRB- that cuts line to size -RRB- was bent . Two minutes later , I see knife come flying out from bottem and string breaks at feed hole again.This trimmer is a true P.O.S. ! Never even finnished one job for me before I have to return it . Do yourself a favor and get something else .
 The yardstick works fine -LRB- not great power but as much as you can expect from a cordless trimmer -RRB- . After two years it stopped working so I ordered a new battery and charger . I have currently been waiting seven weeks for the replacement -LRB- and it 's summer -RRB- . I have had to call at least 4 times to find out the reason for the delay and as far as I know the excuse is back order -LRB- the date for delivery changes every time I call -RRB- . I am beginning to wonder if it will ever arrive and perhaps they have no intentions of filling the request . Since this has been such an ordeal I would highly recommend not buying this product . As it is I am being forced to purchase another brand to get through the summer . Their customer service is awful - the very least they could do is inform the customer of the delay .
 the trimmer works ok but the spool cover is made of a thin plastic and breaks easily . first one broke after only 8 uses . order replacements but no different . sold the unit at a flea market and bought a B&D trimmer . best not but this unit .
 I purchased a Yardstick and used it twice . The battery would not hold a charge . When I talked to customer service they said it has a two year warranty but does not cover the battery . The reviews show this has happened to other usersd
 I went green and bought this more powerful trimmer when I had enough of my gas trimmer issues.I felt it was comfortable to use , quiet and ran for at least an hour as described . It did struggle with the thick grass a bit but made it through in the end . I found I could trim and edge on the same charge.I didnt care for the wheel edge trimmer . I found it trimmed the grass a half inch in from the edge , so I just did it by eye and liked the cut much better.I liked the wall charger , just hang it up on the charger when done and it will charge it up and it will be ready for next time.My problems began after using it 10 times before winter . I left it on the wall charger all Winter as I was supposed to do . Come Spring I had a hard time getting it off the wall charger to use it . It ran good and when I put it back on the wall charger it would not go back on propperly . I took the plug out of the wall hanger and tried to push it on the trimmer . No go . I got to looking at it and the plug in was oblong shaped and the plastic ring on the end looked like it was melted and out of shape.I called customer support many times to get this resolved . First they said I needed a new battery -LRB- not covered -RRB- , then the charger they werent sure if I needed to send in the old one first . Turned out no , just receipt and explination . I faxed in the receipt next day . called them to make sure they got it , they said they would take a message and have someone call me . A week later after hearing nothing nor recieving anything I called back . I got the same reply-take a message and someone will call you . They dont know if its been shipped , tracking number , nothing . So I am stuck waiting for them to call me to take the next step . I was able to trim a second time until the battery was out of juice . But I need to get the charger here so I can charge up the trimmer before I need to trim again . I have so far talked to them 6 times and still no charger.They want you to send in this , explain that , wait for a call , dont know much about the stage its in . Hurry up and wait while your grass grows taller.I have also recently noticed these are now available at Lowes for 79.99 . If you are really interested.If you prefer better service , which I do , I have seen the Craftsman 18volt that is promising and can be bought/serviced better locally.In the end if this YS24 doesnt go after the charger issue , I will have got a dozen uses out of it and I will be done with it and American Gardener products and service .
 Soon after purchasing the American Gardener YS24 I quickly learned why it is necessary to buy name brand quality products . The first season I used this product the plastic head of the YS24 spool needed to be replaced . Soon after the spool cover broke . Both parts are made with thin soft plastic that wears out quickly . Now I have a trimmer that is not useable because I ca n't find replacement spool cover parts anywhere ! The YS24 did n't last one season . Please reply to my review if you know where to get the replacement spool COVER if you know where to get one ?
 The trimmer works fine until the battery dies . Try to find a replacement for less than the cost of the trimmer . Good Luck !!
 I just bought this on July and have just used twice and the battery died . It does not take recharge at all -LRB- the LED keeps green all the time -RRB-
 For me , this product lasted 3 days worth of work ... I was terribly disappointed . It would n't even start .
 I have an earlier model and ca n't get any parts for it -- not even a replacement spool . How can you trust that kind of company ?
 My advice - do not buy this product unless you are willing to throw it away if a part breaks down.I have used my Yardstick trimmer for a number of years and have no complaints other than the batteries did n't last as long as I thought they should . My problem arose when I tried to order replacement batteries . I placed the order over two months ago ; my credit card was charge soon thereafter for the purchase amount . I placed a follow-up call before paying my credit card bill . I was told the batteries were back-ordered , but I would get them within a week after May 5 . I paid the credit charge . After an additional five -LRB- 5 -RRB- follow-up calls , I still have not recieved the batteries . So , buyer beware !
 Do not recommend purchase of the YardStick 24-volt because :1 . It is too heavy - much too heavy for my wife .2 . Normally after using about 5 minutes the line breaks and retreats into the coil housing requiring disassembly - it takes about 15 minutes to fix .3 . Battery lasted only one year - very expensive to replace so I did n'tBig disappointment
 I loved it -LRB- after fabricating a shoulder harness , its heavy -RRB- . After two years and 5 no charge replacement cutter guards -LRB- count n't use it while waiting for another replacement -RRB- the battery -LRB- now no longer on warranty -RRB- went from 45 minutes -LRB- which was known & fine -RRB- down to 25 minutes & inadequate .
 After reading reviews both pro and con , I decided to try the AGY 24-volt trimmer . My biggest concern as a woman was its weight , but I figured that I am stronger than most and that the extra power would compensate for any fatigue . Only way to know was to try it for myself.After charging it for the full 16 hours , I took it out to try on my two-week-neglected Bermuda grass lawn . First thing I noticed is that the weight is unevenly balanced so that my wrists rather than the support arm acted as the fulcrum , resulting in excessive strain and overcompensating through the shoulders . It also was a bit short for me -LRB- at 5 ' 7 '' -RRB- so that I had to hunch to get it to reach the edge of the sidewalk . After only ten minutes , I was definitely feeling it.But the thing had power ! Compared to the Black and Decker cordless models I had used previously , this baby was a champ , whacking through thick matted Bermuda turf as though it were bluegrass . I went all the way around my back yard , then the neighbors ' , then their front , sidewalk , flower beds , and got half way across my sidewalk before the battery wore down . Three to four times the battery life of the Black and Decker!I did have to remove the spool to pull out more line two or three times in the half hour I used the trimmer , and it was harder to put back together than other units I have owned . But the heftier line diameter was a definite plus in chopping through bad stuff . I will say , though , that my edging was not nearly so neat as with more petite models -- not sure if I needed more practice or if it just cuts a choppy line . I did notice it did better when I stood on the grass side and faced the sidewalk -- some kind of funky angle on the line as it exits the head.Still undecided as to whether I would keep it , I put it back on the charger to power it back up . Was concerned about the numbness in the two fingers of my right hand that had supported the trigger -- strange for just a trimmer ! But after twenty minutes or so , I had the use of my hand back . Gave it another several hour charge and went out to finish the front yard . Five minutes into some pretty happy whacking , kaput ! No power . No response from either trigger , no nothing.All I can say is that I am just glad mine died on the first day and not after I had recycled the box ! I wo n't be keeping it or trying any other American Gardener trimmers.Oh , and the charger requires you to hang the entire unit from the wall -LRB- others I have used required only the battery to be hung -RRB- . This battery is not removable , nor is there a backup . My shop space is at a premium and the requirement of a full four vertical feet of trimmer recharging space was going to be a big sacrifice.I guess I 'll go back to Black and Decker -- their units only last a year or two and require frequent chargings , but at least they work !
 Battery operated trimmer is a good idea but not this one . The firsttime I used it the string cutter broke off . It had marginaly adequate power for trimming but I do n't think it would handle anything too tough . My advice is leave this one alone . Wait until they reengineer the cuttter , because I promise you it will break .
 I 'll begin by saying that I think that a cordless trimmer is a great idea . I chose this model because of the good reviews that it received . The first thing that I noticed was the weight . After about a half hour of continuous use , I felt as though I had just done an upper body workout at the gym , and I 'm no lightweight . I would recommend taking breaks , perhaps after 10 minutes of use . This is , of course , because of the weight of the onboard battery . I was willing to overlook this minor irratation . The worst came when on the 5th use the motor just quit , suddenly . I had recharged the unit overnight , and it operated fine for about 5 minutes , then nothing . I contacted the manufacturer , and they promptly responded . They offered to replace the item or repair it . I suggested what the problem might be , and they agreed that that was probably it . I decided to fix it myself , as I did not want to box it up , etc. . The problem was simply one of the wires that connects the motor to the onboard batteries was no longer soldered to its terminal on the motor . A simple fix , about 20 minutes -LRB- including disassembly -RRB- . I am willing to upgrade my rating of this product to 3 stars , mainly because of the manufacturer 's willingness to resolve the problem .
 I bought my Yardstick last summer , wanted to do a neater job with my yard . It worked OK for the 3-5 times that I used it last summer.Plugged it into the charger recently to get started on yardwork for this season . It went for about 45 seconds before it died . Charged it up for another day or so , took it out for another spin . Nothing happened , it is totally dead . What a waste of money . -LRB- I have to say , though , that this is the first product I 've ever gotten from Amazon that was a piece of junk . -RRB- I contacted American Gardener via email as the yardstick was still in warranty , and they totally ignored my email . 0 points for customer service.If you want to spend the money to use it for one season only , go ahead . If you want to get more out of it than that , be sure to buy a replacement warranty or someone else 's product .
 Loved it when I received it but after 5-6 uses it no longer runs.I would not recommend wasting the money . I have to buy nanother one now.Cb
 If you are looking for a replacement for a gas trimmer , this is not the one . I decided I did not want to drag a cord around anymore but I did not want to worry about a gas engine . So I thought the battery was the answer . WRONG . This one is too heavy . The gas motor is heavy but is well balanced . This trimmer is not balanced , you carry all the weight . Second the cover around the head is too small . Third the trimmer advertises you may turn it around and use it as an edger . Well you can turn it around but forget edging with it . Every time I attempted this the line broke off inside the head . I had to stop , take off the line spool , fish out the line and start over . This occurred every time I tried it as an edger . Last it is underpowered . I used it for about 30 minutes . It did keep running but would bog down when attempting to cut a moderately thick patch of grass .
 Bought this product last year . Have had problems from the beginning . The trimmer did n't hold a charge for more than 10-15 minutes . The connector between machine and charger is not very user friendly . Went to charge it this spring and the charger is cracked . Checked website and found they are defunct . No way to charge machine . Now it 's just a large paperweight .
 I do n't believe this item is so good , I own one since 2005 , just used couple of times -LRB- may be 10 times -RRB- , now , the battery is bad , I have to either buy a new battery for YS-24 -LRB- around $ 25 plus $ 5 or more for shipping -RRB- , or buy a wired model , like Craftsman 12 '' . I will go for the second one , I am not likely to buy battery for every five years -LRB- only use 10 times -RRB- , and it is much heavy than the wired one , save your money , you can use the same money to buy two wired trimmer.I give it two stars since it did good work when it is functional , but , for its battery life , I have to cut three stars from it .
 I bought this about a year ago from Sears . When it charged , it barely would make it through trimming the front yard -LRB- I have a small yard -RRB- . Then it decided not to recharge at all . I went to Sears and they no longer carry it . I can not recommend this product . It was a waste of money .
 I have not used this product , but own the 18 volt version . I bought it at Menards about 2 years ago . The motor has burned out , and I can not even find a website to order a part . Consider this a disposable item !
 I did not purchase this product on Amazon.The material is cheap shower curtain type vinyl . It worked OK from October through November but on the first 20 degree day in December , it severely ripped . I had it bungee corded around the middle and a couple logs on top but the bottom portion shredded in the wind because the material became so brittle.The manufacturer sent a replacement despite being 2 months past the 30 day warranty but I do n't expect this to last much longer . The product is not even remotely worth what is being charged for it.My personal opinion is that Panacea Products is merely an importer of cheap overseas made products . Log covers to bicycle tires . Their web site does n't even list the products they sell / `` make '' .
 This is poorly made and poorly put together . At certain angles , the blades catch on themselves and jam -- not a safe situation and certainly not useful . This lasted about 10 minutes at our house and then it went back with a new understanding at why the price is so low ...
 Is not contructed for serious use . It lasted about five minutes in use . Too many plastic/nylon parts to be used in other that very small grass areas . No weeds .
 Bought one ... used only on grass twice ... it stopped working so I exhanged it for another which was used only on grass once or twice before it quit . In both cases , something inside the shears seems to have broken , preventing the smaller `` trimmer '' nylon gear from turning the larger gear on the cutting blades -LRB- the smaller gear just whirls without any effect -RRB- .
 clipper housing does not hold working parts in , I have had two units and both have the same defect . Very poor quality control by the manufacturing co. .
 Very little power , has difficulty with thick grass . In short , this product is only slightly faster than pulling out each individual blade of grass by hand . I bought it for close trimming work around a PVC fence . I have n't yet tried the shrub clipper attachment , but if the unit ca n't power the grass blade I do n't have much hope . A sharp pair of manual grass clippers is a better bet .
 I FORGOT ALL ABOUT THIS ITEM WHICH I PURCHASED A FEW YEARS AGO . I FORGOT ABOUT IT BECAUSE IT DID N'T DO MUCH CUTTING AND THE BATT DID NOT HOLD IT 'S CHARGE . I THOUGHT I EMAILED AMAZON BUT DID N'T GET A RESONSE . BOTTOM LINE , DO N'T BUY THIS .
 I ordered my first one in Jan. motor burnt apart by Feb. . Now 2 months later , -LRB- with a replacement -RRB- the main bearing that drives the blade linkage , fell off the gear it was attached to and bent the blade drive shaft ! I ca n't see these things lasting the 2 year warrenty ! -LRB- unless you do n't use it ! -RRB- But , it is a nice product , sure beats the push-pull type pruners , maybe I just got 2 bad ones !
 This is a poor excuse for a trimmer . I purchased this for my father to use on his tree filled property , but he said it cut only very small braches , and not very well at that . I ended up buying a gas powered pole chain saw pruner for the same price and it did the trick . I took this one home to try and found that it was not powerful enough to cut , and hard to control at full extension . It will be in the next garage sale .
 The worst flaw is that the vibrations makes the pole turn . The catch that makes it longer or shorter does n't tighten enough to hold it steady . Trying to turn the handle with it to make the blade straight as I 'm cutting makes my back hurt . After a full charge I was able to cut only 3 or 4 3-inch branches before the battery was completely dead . I do n't recommend this product .
 I like the design of this cordless pole saw by American Gardener -LRB- YardSaw 24-Volt Cordless -RRB- but its quality is bad . Although I used with care and followed the menu , It broke during my first use . The saw did not operate anymore .
 My American Gardener Saw arrived last week . I unpacked it , plugged it into the charger , and read the directions -- twice . Two days later , I set out for my front yard to prune my two crape myrtle trees . Neither tree had branches that that were over 3-inches in circumference . The saw was fully charged and I finally got the knack -- well mostly -- of holding it and letting the saw do the work . I worked for about an hour and got most of one tree done . It was n't as easy or fast to use as I had hoped , but much better than hauling my chain saw up a ladder . -LRB- I try not to do any ladder work now that I am over 65 . -RRB- I decided to continue the pruning later . Two days later , I was back and ready to continue ; unfortunately , the saw was not . It was completely charged but after about 40 minutes of cutting , it died and remains dead . So , all together I got 1 hr . and 40 min . of work out the saw for $ 92 ! I am returning it ; but I will be `` charged '' my `` free shipping charge '' plus a new return fee of $ 5 . After reading all the reviews , I realized that there was a possibility for problems , but I hoped that they would hold off until I completed at least one pruning chore ! I wonder if this company is owned by Black and Decker ? If so , I never would have ordered the saw . Why ca n't American firms build tools that do what they are supposed to and last for a reasonable time ?
 I agree , there is no headroom so birds will not come to it.It would be difficult to even fill it with seed . The product photo shows otherwise . Good Luck!I returned mine . Maybe at $ 5 I would keep just to try to heat it and reform the plastic , but at $ 14.75 it 's going back . Again , maybe it was a bad one , but other reviewer also received one . I bought a good one locally for $ 5 . two years ago at a Tractor Supply Store , but have not seen any in stock since . It is still in use and have many birds coming to visit .
 Those must be some tiny birds in the product photo . The height between the tray and the top overhang is two inches . The overhang it longer than the tray so birds can not perch anywhere and reach the bird feed ...
 The product states it holds 1 1/2 qt of bird seed but the box states 1 lb . One lb is only 1 pt of bird food so it you are looking for something larger this is not the product for you . I did n't want to run out and fill it every day so I am disappointed with how it was posted .
 THIS FEEDER IS EXTREMLY HARD TO POSISTION TO OUTSIDE OF YOUR WINDOW , UNLESS YOU ARE ON A LADDER . IT HAS 2 SEPERATE SUCTION CUPS WITH TINY WIRES THAT HAVE TO GO INTO TINY HOLES TO ATTATCH TO OUTSIDE OF WINDOW PANE . YOU SPILL MOST OF YOUR SEED TRYING TO GET IT SET UP , ON THE WINDOW . I LIKE TO RAISE MY WINDOW AND ATTATCH THE FEEDERS FROM INSIDE THE HOUSE . . THIS 1 IS ALMOST BUT IMPOSSIBLE TO DO THIS AND MY WINDOW IS AROUND 12 FEET OFF THE GROUND . . HENCE A LADDER , WHEN COLD AND RAINING . UHH NO . NO .
 I bought this to split oak and it did great . I appreciated the weight and length ... but after a bad swing , the shaft shattered near the head and completely separated . Luckily it missed my head , feet , etc when it flew free . If there were a warranty , I would recommend to anyone .
 My husband said he wanted a splitting maul for Christmas . I purchased this one because the reviews seemed good -LRB- I really was uneducated when it came to mauls -RRB- . He used it twice and the head fell off of it !!!!! He has been cutting timber forever . I felt horrible when he told me what had happened . This is by far the worst maul he has ever used . Do not purchase it .
 Feeder did not come with all parts advertised . Company acknowledged mistake but would do nothing to correct except allow me to send it back at my expense .
 I bought 2 of these feeders and one umbrella last spring and tried them for a season -LRB- along with a couple of the cheap glass hourglass cylindrical types -RRB- . I had to replace nectar almost every day in these two feeders because the slightest breeze caused the nectar to spill out onto the ground . I have just thrown them away and replaced the two of them with the cheap glass ones from Lowes .
 I think I had high expectations for the product , but did not work , it was able to stop the squirrel a week , until she realizes how to get into the food tray . Another one that does not work , very expensive though . Seller sent it prompt and quick very well packed , but again , the squirrel beat it .
 This mower has been in the shop twice per summer since I purchased it . Every time for the same issue . The blade clutch system requires adjustment . It is covered by the warranty , but it 's very inconvenient to take it for service -LRB- 20 miles away and 2-4 week turn around time -RRB- . When it works , it cuts grass perfectly , but the blade clutch -LRB- a great feature in theory -RRB- just does n't work .
 I purchased this mower after waiting for my Lawn Boy to die -LRB- it lasted 10 years -RRB- . I had high expectations for the product given the reputation of Honda Mowers . I was very disappointed when a persisent gas leak discolored my mower deck . It turned out that the sealing gasket in the gas tank was not installed at the factory . Also , the Smart Drive leads to thumb fatigue and discomfort . All-in-all , an average performer at a premium price . Enough that I am done with Honda branded products , including their automobiles as Toyota is an always good buy.This paragraph comes about a year later than the previous information . My mower is now non-functioning due to a manufacturing defect with a spring used in the Roto Drive blade engagement system . I just discovered that the spring is subject to a recall . I wonder what the next problem will be with this overpriced , sub-standard product . Do not buy Honda lawnmowers !
 The Honda HRR216 Self Propelling Lawn mower I bought was unlevel . The right front wheel does not touch the ground . The start cord locked . The grass was burned that did get cut . Only 25 feet was mowed before the thing started smoking . This is a terribly expensive machine , and has not been better than our cheaper old lawn mower . It does n't even work ! I recommend you buy another brand to avoid any problems , since they seem to be numerous . You would save yourself a lot of money , and you would be able to mow your lawn .
 I hate this mower -LRB- mine is actually a newer model than the one pictured -RRB- . I bought this to replace a Briggs and Stratton engined mower -LRB- Yard Machines or Yard-Man , do n't remember , but it was red -RRB- which I had for about 15 years until it finally died . I never once in all those years -LRB- until the piston rod went after 15 years -RRB- had any problem at all with that mower -LRB- which I bought for $ 129 -RRB- . Anyway , I had some extra money so I thought I would finally pay extra for a really good mower instead of the really cheap mowers I had bought in the past . This was a mistake.First of all the deck on the Honda is not level . All the wheels do not hit the ground at the same time . This is n't a big deal actually , but it should n't be that way . On level ground one of the wheels is about 1/4 inch higher than the rest . It can not be adjusted out with the wheel adjusters . I was also annoyed that after starting the mower , I have to wait about 3-5 minutes for the engine to warm up until I can mow or the mower will stall . That is not impressive.Soon after I bought this mower I had to take it back because it did not run right . It was repaired under warranty -LRB- something was n't adjusted right -- I do n't remember exactly what -RRB- . By the way , if you mow around a lot of evergreen trees -LRB- lots of low hanging branches -RRB- , you do not want this mower . On the mower on the left is the giant throttle lever sticking up into the air which hits every branch in the vicinity and is knocked back to slow speed constantly by tree limbs . On the right is a giant fish hook-shaped piece of plastic which holds the blade engage lever . This hooks every tree branch on that side and pulls the mower around to the side or pulls the front end up in the air -LRB- again , my mower is a newer model and that does n't show on the picture here -RRB- . And on the engine on the left is the fuel petcock which hangs out in space on a little piece of plastic which breaks off the first time a tree limb bumps it . So that will cost you about $ 25 for a new one . Apparently they did n't have anyone designing this mower who had actually ever used a lawn mower.And now after 1 year and 1 one month the mower will not run right at all . Why ? Who knows . I put fuel stabilizer in the gas tank before I put it away for the winter . I even shut off the fuel petcock and let the mower run out of gas so there would be no gas in the carburetor as it sat during the winter . Then I drained the tank . And the mower did run right the first two times I used it this spring . Then it got worse and worse and worse every time I used it and now wo n't stay running . And here 's a good one
 NEVER RECEIVED THE PRODUCT . TRYED TO CONTACT MOWTOWN AND NUMEROUS TIMES AND THEY NEVER RESPONDED . I WILL NEVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN AND ADVISE NO ONE ELSE TO BUY FROM THEM .
 Those little `` button breakers '' are not full size breakers ! Yes they may happen to be UL 489 certified , but would you trust your family 's safety to button breakers ? I would n't . You may be led to believe that the full size breakers in your main panel are protecting the wiring in your home at all times , but this is NOT true . When you 're running on generator power , the only thing preventing an overload from burning down your home is those little button breakers.Do not install this product in your home . You want FULL SIZE BREAKERS for proper protection . When I pointed this out in a recent video , Reliance Controls threw their LAWYER at me instead of correcting the flaw in their product . They know about the flaw and are suppressing criticism of it.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , nor any product that uses `` button breakers '' where there should be FULL SIZE BREAKERS .
 no update after date promised to be shipped , plus 1 week . not impressed . should at least let me know so i could order elseware . hope the product is better than the service .
 FOR MOST HOME 'S THIS WILL WORK GREAT . -LRB- KIND OF PRICEY -RRB- IF YOU DO N'T PLAN ON RUNNING ANY HEAVY STUFF . I USE IT IN MY HOUSE AND WHEN I USED THE COFFEE MAKER -LRB- APPOX 1500 WATTS -RRB- YOU COULD HERE THE GENERATOR -LRB- 7500 WATT -RRB- STRUGGLE WHEN THE POT CYCLED ON AND OFF . IT WILL NOT RUN A ELECTRIC HEATING SYSTEM OR HOUSE AIR COND . IT WILL RUN YOUR FURNACE IF YOU ARE ON GAS . AGAIN YOU MUST BE VERY SELECTIVE TURNING ON ELECTRICAL STUFF IN THE HOUSE . IT IS MEANT AS A STOP GAP MEASURE LIGHTS AND BASIC SPACE HEATER FOR 1 ROOM . I WOULD NOT RUN TV 'S OR OTHER ELECTRONIC DEVICES DUE TO VARYING POWER LEVELS YOU COULD MESS THEM UP RUNNING A TV OR COMPUTER ON 105 TO 120 VOLTS MAY NOT BE GOOD . ALSO YOU MUST TURN ON HI WATTAGE STUFF FIRST THEN LOW WATTAGE NEXT DU TO INITIAL POWER SURGES.IF THIS POST BOTHERS YOU SORRY BUT DO N'T BE A CHEAP SKATE AND FIND OUT THAT YOU NEEDED A BIGGER GENERATOR AND SWITCHING UNIT . PLEASE HAVE AN ELECTRICIAN COME IN AND EVALUATE WHAT YOU NEED !!!
 It 's an OK product . Easy to wire , but it 's not expandable . Which means I 'm limited to 6 circuits -LRB- or really 5 since I hooked it up to my well pump -RRB- , so if I decide to upgrade my generator some day , I guess I 'll have to install a new transfer switch because this one 's maxed out . I wish I had seen the GenTran product before I bought this one . I understand theirs expands with regular breakers .
 I bought this product after having tried everything from a regular store to get rid of German roaches . I followed the directions exactly and I placed the traps in a drawer where they breed and crawl around like crazy . I kept the trap in there for a week ... it caught 1 ... that 's right only 1 roach ! All the other traps I laid out netted 0 roaches . I think this product is meant more for the large coackroach variety cause it had no effect on the small German roaches . I finally had to call an exterminator to come out and I showed him this product and he laughed at me . He said pheromones do not work in his experience with German roaches .
 Product never gave size , -LRB- Length or Width -RRB- and there was nowhere to place a message for the receiver of the product .
 I have five of these as my home is my cabin away from my real cabin . These Brass chimes are well built and look very nice however it really takes a good wind to make them chime .
 When new , this chain saw is hard to start . Yes , you follow the instructions precisely and it works . But it is still hard to start , compared to the half dozen other saws I have owned . Worse , if you let the saw sit for a few months -LRB- which is common for me -RRB- , then it is so gummed up that it must be dismantled and lubricated before you can start it again . Contrast this to another similar saw I have , which sat for more than a year and started immediately.That said , the saw works well and has plenty of power . Hard to adjust correctly though , it does not idle very well -LRB- even when new -RRB- . I had to adjust the idle speed high enough that the chain was spinning , to keep it from dying . That problem went away after 6-8 hours of use.It is an acceptable saw , barely , but I would not purchase it again .
 this chain saw is junk . when I. rec . it started the next time Iwent to use it ca n't get it started.called POULAN ALL I GOT WAS A RUN AROUND.AVOID this saw
 I did n't buy mine from Amazon -LRB- got it from Menards -RRB- but I looked around and did n't see any reviews of these chainsaws and had to post my disgust somewhere.DON ' T BUY THIS DISPOSABLE PIECE OF CRAP.I used the oil that came in the box . Mixed it with a gallon of gas . After using it for ~ 2 hours , it froze up . Not covered by warranty . I 'm just out the money.Why put oil in the fracking box if it 's not enough to keep it from seizing up?The repair place I called said this happens allll the time with these Poulan saws . They have a typical life of 20 HOURS !!!!!!!!!!! Unreal.Spend the extra $ 30 and get a Stihl .
 Well , add me the list of people that ca n't get this saw to start . Brand new out of the box and , having read other failure to start reviews , I followed the instructions very carefully , but nothing . I really recommend against buying these Poulan saws because there just seems to be too high an incidence of refusing to start even amongst those of us that have owned chain saws before and are familiar with their idiosyncracies . Either manufacturing is sloppy or quality control is lax but , in either case , it 's just not worth the hassle .
 Purchased in end of October , used EXACTLY according to Poulan directions using their INCLUDED oil . Less than 5 hours of use later it seized . Took to local `` authorized '' repair man who first said it failed due to ethanol content in gasoline sold in our state . Weeks later , we asked him to contact Poulan for warranty honor and repair and we were called back by `` repair '' man and told that Poulan had decided not to honor the warranty due to `` oil failure ????? '' WE have no idea what that means - we will file a BBB complaint . WE were referred back to the number for general information by this repair person . We have purchased a Craftsman since then and have had NO issues . DO NOT waste your money on this product . WE have only ONE other time in 8 years of using Amazon had this bad of an issue and lack of customer service or credibility from both manufacturer or `` authorized '' repair person for product purchased on Amazon . Will also seek reparations via Amazon guarantee as well as credit card protection . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!! We want to add that Amazon has been wonderful about helping us to resolve this issue . We will always feel good about buying with Amazon .
 Listen , there was never a point where the age old saying , `` you get what you pay for '' applies than with a chainsaw . Just do n't buy this chainsaw - save yourself the trouble . A chainsaw is a tool that receives a BEATING - there 's wood flying everywhere , gas exploding inside , operators yanking on the cord , and a chain moving faster than comprehensible ... Buy a good one . A cheap one will break . I bought this chainsaw , and the third time I used it took me nearly twenty minutes to start it . -LRB- I 'm not a novice at starting gas lawn equipment , i followed the directions -RRB- Cheap price + chainsaw = regret.Sorry , Poulan , I 'm not hating - just telling the truth.J
 I bought a Poulan 16 '' chainsaw 14 - 15 years ago and it was the best saw I ever owned this one was made in -LRB- mexico -RRB- . So I thought with that knowledge I would buy another Poulan the P3416 this has been a piece of junk from day one made in -LRB- china -RRB- . Please stay away I am going to buy and Echo next
 I had been looking so forward to getting this thing . After reading the reviews , I was a little concerned , but thought that reviewers were exaggerating a bit much . I see that a lot in reviews , but alas , this evidently was not the case . Add me to the list of folks who could not get it to start.One reviewer who had this problem pointed out that they never have start problems with pull cords . Great , but that makes no difference . Experienced or not , a power tool should start . End of story.Another thing that bothered me was that -LRB- at the time of this writing -RRB- nowhere does it say that you must purchase bar oil separately . I -LRB- wrongly -RRB- assumed that it would be included , just like the 2-cycle oil . We were ready to begin when we realized that there is no bar oil . I had to run to the store to get some . Maybe that 's normal for chain saws , but what about those of us who have never purchased one before ? That should have been clear from the get go.This is a non-returnable item too , so keep that in mind . That said , I very politely requested Amazon to refund my money and reminded them that I am a `` prolific '' customer of theirs and they were very nice and agreed , so all is not lost.In the end , I would not recommend this saw to anyone . Ever .
 Very hard to start . Chain will not stay on when cutting any sizable limb.I am completely dissatisfied and wish I had returned it instead of wasting my money . NEVER AGAIN
 First let me say i have experience with chainsaws.Second , this saw was about as bad as they come . Following the instructions , i got it cranked up and running very easily . Started pruning some trees , and about 5 cuts later it stalled out on me after a cut . It struggled to crank after its initial stall . Several times the pull cord would get stuck and i would have to disassemble to get it to function again . Eventually i noticed the chain would not move on the bar , even though it was relatively loose . The chain brake had been disengaged and still it would n't budge . The pull start was very rough and still could n't get the chain to budge even after removing the bar and chain . My guess is either the engine had seized or the chain brake was stuck on . Either way i was done with it . Hopefully i just got a lemon.Amazon 's customer service took care of me perfectly , but i will be replacing it with a higher quality saw .
 The Poulan P3416 16-inch 34cc 2-Cycle Gas-Powered Chain Saw was shipped on Mar 28 , 2011 and received about Apr 4 or 5 . After reading the instructions I used the enclosed can of oil and mixed with 1 gallon of premium -LRB- no ethanol -RRB- fuel . Filled chain oiler and was pleased to get it started exactly as advertised.I happily used the saw , refilling the chain oiler with each re-fueling . On Apr 20th it started to quit in mid use . By the end of the day I could no longer get it to start.The following Monday I took it to a Poulan service and today they called to report the cylinder scored . They also noted that warranty would be refused . Repair will cost more than original cost.I 'm very unhappy ! Did n't even use the original gallon of fuel ! A total waste of money!Update , May 4 , 2011 . Imagine my surprise to find a brand new chain saw sitting on my sidewalk ! Turns out that , even though I had no communication from Amazon -LRB- I had left them an e-mail with the above facts -RRB- they responded by replacing the saw ! I 'd sure give Amazon a 5 star rating for customer service.I 'll wait , if the saw performs as expected and without destroying itself , I 'll update this review . -LRB- Have n't even tried to start it yet ! -RRB-
 My MAC3200 gave up the ghost after 17 faithful years . This Poulan brought back all the nightmares from 1994 ... I had had a Poulan before tossing it for the MAC.Plain and simple ... Poulans do not start or , if you 're lucky to get it started after hours of pulling your arm out , it does n't stay running . I have no idea why a MAC can start on the second pull every time year-after-year , but these POS ca n't . And why McCulloch goes under and Poulan does n't . Who makes their small engines anyway?Call to Poulan -LSB- number in instructions -RSB- ... = > they said , `` ca n't use ethanol-blend gasoline '' . I told them `` that 's all you can get in VA , the 10 % ethanol blend '' . They say `` sorry , you 're screwed Charlie '' . Since I ca n't return -LSB- one reason for NEVER buying a non-returnable item from AMAZON , I decided to donate to Goodwill and buy the McCulloch at my local Home Depot . -RSB- Unless you can afford a Stihl , go with an electric .
 I bought a poulan gas powered 16 '' 34cc chain saw -LRB- P3416 -RRB- . It ran for about 30 minutes and then it quit and I could n't get it re started after that . and I ca n't return it either . So I am stuck with a piece of junk . I have heard from people in the know that Poulan is not a very good brand anymore . It used to be .
 Poulan P3416Worse chainsaw I ever had . I have multiple chainsaws as our winter heat is a wood burning stove . Have a total of maybe 1 hour run time on this chainsaw . Bought from Menards , followed all directions for gas mix using only non ethanol gas -LRB- same mix I use for ALL my chainsaws -RRB- . Started up and let warm up , all good . Went to make first cut and it stalled out . Restarted and again stalled out during cut . Took back to Menards -LRB- 25 miles one way from my home -RRB- was told too bad I have to take it to a repair shop and this was within the first 30 days . First they sent me to the wrong place and when finally finding out where the correct repair shop was I dropped it off there . Two weeks later I get it back -LRB- defective clutch -RRB- . When trying once again , warmed up ready to go stalls out during first cut . So 30 miles one way to the repair shop once again . This time was told it needed tune up after they had it for 1 weeks . So here we go again stalls out during cut . This next time told it was bad gas -LRB- common Poulan excuse from the looks of it -RRB- this is the same gas I run in all my other chainsaws with no trouble what so ever . Now after I got it back from the last 2 week visit with repair shop and using the `` good gas '' that they put in once again stalls out during the first cut . It takes multiple restarts and stalls to get through a 4 '' diameter branch . To sum this up , this is the biggest waste of money and a poor excuse of a chainsaw . So not only am I out the price of the chainsaw but over 350 miles of travel trying to get this resolved . I have had this saw for about 6 months now and it sits collecting dust in my garage . Thank you Menards and Poulan for showing me how much you truly want my business .
 Got my new saw out of the box , fueled and oiled it up . Followed the directions on starting ... so far so good . Engine started right up . I let the engine warm up for a few minutes ... went to make my first cut , pull the trigger and the engine died . Ok , no problem , start it back up again , which it did . Pulled the trigger and it dies again . This was my whole day with it . The saw runs great at idle , but the moment I try to make a cut , the engine dies . I eventually get it to cut with some work and pumping the trigger , but as soon as the cut is finished and I release the trigger it dies . I get very tired after an hour of repeatedly having to restart the thing ... . so by the end of my first day with it and less than 2 hours of use , the engine still runs , but the chain wo n't move . It 's as if the chain brake is stuck . Anyway , it 's going back in the box and back to the store . I should have listened to my dad and bought a Stihl .
 This is not a real chain saw . I bought it to replace an older HomeLite , which was a great saw.The rope ripped in half the first time I tried to get it started , after about 12 to 20 pulls.I followed the instructions exactly . It 's a waste of money .
 Ok , so I just bought this chainsaw to take care of a pretty massive limb that fell in my yard . I read the instructions , mixed the oil with the gas , and readied myself for the lengthy launch sequence . Everything seemed to be going well , the launch sequenced appeared to work and the saw started , for 10 seconds . Then it stopped and it will not re-start . I waited an hour , went through the launch sequence again and nothing . Failed to start . I 'll try again in another hour , if it 's not raining . But for now a big fat 1 star . I 'd give it 0 stars if I could .
 Saw refuses to start . Took it to a small engine repair shop . Still would n't start . Waste of money.Poulan P3416 16-Inch 34cc 2-Cycle Gas Powered Chain Saw
 I have owned my share of computers , Dell , H P , Home made . Picked this up 2700 chip 16 gig , what a waste of money . Slow , nothing but trouble with E-Mail , moving files a joke . Spend your money on another system .
 I would not recommend this product at all , both of my full size dogs were covered in fleas . I was bathing my dogs every four days with flea shampoo and putting the carpet powder down threw out the house . It took me three weeks to finally get rid of the fleas . I had one trap in the living room and one in the bedroom , they were on 24/7 for three weeks during this flea infestation and I only caught 2 fleas with two traps down . All this trap consist of is a sticky pad and a regular light bulb -LRB- that 's it -RRB- you might as well buy a sticky mouse trap pad and put a lamp over it . This product is a joke !!
 Had a bad flea infestation . I bought 5 of these traps for the house to combine with other treatments . We then treated all the animals with Frontline ... and I set up all the traps following the instructions . After a couple days there was only one or two fleas in each trap . We were going crazy with fleas ... so proceeded to try the Borax/Salt method of sprinkling the carpet and vacumning . We also washed the dogs with vinegar water . Well after that things were better for a couple weeks ... then started getting worse again . So , we will be repeating the borax/salt method and using it more often in the future . Sadly , through all these 2-3 weeks of using these traps ... they still only have 3-5 fleas a piece on them . Definitely not worth it to me .
 I ca n't help but believe that all the positive reviews for this item are fakes written by BioCare . This is a piece of junk . Just get the flea drops - they 're the only thing that seems to work in my house .
 I Bought one of these and one Victor Flea Trap . While the Victor was trapping fleas in other rooms , I actually watched fleas jump on , then off of this trap . It worked much better when I removed the cover , but it is too easy to get its sticky paper stuck to other things . I bought 4 more Victor traps , put Advantage on the cat , and the flea problem is now history .
 I have had this in an area that has fleas as they jump on both my dog and me . This trap has been placed in this area for 4 days now and has not trapped a single flea.It seems to be able to trap about anything else except what it is supposed to do . In one word it is ... USELESS .
 Save your money for the exterminator . I did Frontline and Capstar to move the fleas off the cats snd the fleas would still do n't bother with these traps .
 I have had approximately 15 fleas in one trap and about 10 in the other . I have put the traps in various places under the couch , under everything and that was my total . I also bought two plus extra pads . I would like my money back ! I killed more fleas than the traps .
 This trap did not catch a single flea . I believe the company wrote all those postive reviews .
 Unless you have outlets in the grass , forget about using it outdoors . Maybe a small closed room ? Very small and , let 's face it , some duct tape sticky side up sitting under any lamp would do as well .
 WOW , this thing was the biggest waste of money . Did not work at all , light turned on , it seemed to attract more lint and carpet fibers than bugs ! AVOID
 Bought this and tried it in every single room . The only thing this thing caught was cat hair and dirt . Only good use I get out of it is that it makes a great nightlight .
 I bought two traps in an effort to gauge the severity of my flea problem . The traps were placed in dark rooms near the areas most frequented -LRB- sleeping area and napping area -RRB- by my dog . After several nights of operation I found a single flea in the trap near the dog 's bed . During that same period both my dog and I were bitten many , many times . Under no circumstances should this product be considered any form of treatment for a flea problem . Based on my experience if there are sufficient fleas to be caught in this trap the area is probably uninhabitable .
 I had a flea problem in my house and worked hard at getting it under control . Getting 2 flea traps was one of the measures I took . I have still found some fleas on the dog but there are more gnats than fleas in the trap . I would not purchase this again . It makes an expensive night light - that 's about the only thing it 's good for now .
 I 've been using 2 of these products for 5 days now . I 've yet to catch any fleas with it and my dog still is getting them . I turn off every source of light and put it in the middle of the room . I do n't know what is wrong with it ? I 've even put it on the couch and in the bed . We have black out shades in our bedroom so I run it all day . Nothing . I am not quite understanding why it has the grill over the sticky pad . Maybe I 'll take it off and see how it works .
 I placed the flea trap exactly how the instructions suggested . Nothing . So , I moved it to another high activity flea area . Nothing . The only thing that this trap caught was dust . This item is simply a piece of sticky paper with a light bulb . Fleas have no interest in it .
 I bought this based on some good reviews . Either my flea problem is not that bad , or I am not finding the right place to put this item . I have put it on the couch , under the couch , in my pets beds and in my bedroom and I have only caught 2 fleas . I put out a bowl of soapy water with a light over it and I have caught 100 % more than with this item . While it may work for some , it unfortunately it did not work for me .
 I have several of these flea traps and several of the Victor 's Flea traps . They do attract fleas and if the fleas jump on the pad they stick . I bought the Victor 's model first and was amazed at the number of fleas stuck to it in a short time . -LRB- I 've also found flies , weavils , June bugs and roaches stuck to it -RRB- . However , the Victor 's traps are not very attractive when you can see all the dead bugs stuck to it , so I bought some of the Springster 's flea traps . With the plastic grid/cover over the sticky pad , you do n't see all the dead bugs so it looks nicer -LRB- also bigger bugs would not fit though the grid so would not get stuck to it -- could be good or bad -RRB- . The problem I 've seen is that the fleas sometimes jump on the grid and do n't fall all the way down to the sticky pad . Quite a few times , I 've seen them land on the grid and jump right back off . I 've started turning the grid sideways and moving it down so it only covers the bottom portion of the sticky pad and uncovering the area directly under the light -LRB- I also use a binder clip to make sure the grid does n't come off in case a pet messes with it because I have come home to find a glue pad stuck to a curious cat -- they are not easy to remove -RRB- . If the open spaces in the grid were bigger , this would be a more effective product.I 'm getting a couple more of the Victor 's flea traps -LRB- I have them in every room , sometimes 2 in a room -RRB- . They are n't as nice looking , but I think they work much better . I 'm having a big flea infestation problem so I 'll take function over beauty.BTW
 This product was absolutely useless in eradicating fleas . The only use I can see for this product is maybe as a flea detector . It will possibly tell you if you have fleas.I had a flea infestation in my house that was pretty bad . I bought several of these products and put them in several places on the floor . They caught a few dozen fleas , but not all the fleas were attracted to them . I would put my socked foot on the carpet next to the flea trap and fleas would instantly sense it and jump out of the carpet and onto my sock . But they would n't do the same for the trap , which was right there.I think the concept that you can eradicate a flea population with this device is inherently flawed . Even if you were to trap 90 % of the fleas , the other 10 % would reestablish the population in a matter of days.I also tried the flea powder that you spread on the carpet that you can buy at a pet store . Useless as well . The fleas were immune to it . And it leaves this nasty powder on everything you own.My final solution was to call an exterminator and have them spray . This seemed to do the trick . In addition , my vet gave me pills that you feed your cat , and it deprives the flea of some nutrient that is required to make the protective shell on their eggs . And I also used Advantage . Finally the fleas all went away . After that I did Advantage on my cats monthly , so if they brought new fleas into the house , they would die . I think the Advantage is the best , because it turns your cat into a walking flea trap . If there are fleas in the house , they will find the cat , touch the poison and die .
 There are two flea traps of about the same price , so I bought them both and stacked them up against each other . The other is the Victor M230 Ultimate Flea Trap . This product is worthless . I placed the two traps next to each other in multiple rooms around my house , switching them from side to side to be sure it was n't location . I would check them daily . The Victor would have 4 or 5 fleas daily . This detained fleas for a while until they escaped . Never once did the Springstar have more than one , and usually nothing . I could watch them pop out . The Victor is far from perfect , but is way better than this . Absolute utter waste of money .
 I put this in an area where my cats slept . In two days , the pad had nothing on it . Very disappointing . I 'm just glad I did n't end up paying more .
 Springster is Definately not as good as the Victor m30 flea trap . . Got them both to see which would work better & Victor flea trap definately won my vote . Victor also comes with an extra sticky to trap those suckers when the first one fills up , Springster does n't ...
 I am sure there are fleas in my house because they jump on my legs when I enter those rooms . I followed instructions to put this trap in those rooms for several days and it caught nothing but one small fly . Complete failure . I wish I could return it .
 I bought this because I did n't want to use chemicals . We have little kids and lots of fleas . This thing was on 24/7 for weeks in multiple locations that have fleas . Not a single flea was caught . Total waste . This is a safe flea trap all right -- safe for the fleas !
 Either I got rid of any fleas before the trap arrived or the trap just did not work . I collected a lot of dust and the light became a great night light . I was very disappointed because I was having a serious flea problem . Oh well : -LRB-
 I bought this trap with another Ultimate Flea Trap at the same time . However , the Ultimate Flea Trap catch almost 20 fleas while this trap did n't catch anything .
 the trap does collect fleas over time but not enough of them to make any difference compared to a severity of infestation in your house . looks like only some of few fleas choose to jump into the trap , the majority of the rest hide and breed in other spots and stay on your pets.so there is no purpose of buying it if it does n't help with much result
 Device placed next to dog 's bed for one week ; did not catch any fleas whatsoever . Conclude this item is a hoax .
 I guess this only works if you have carpet . It attracted dust , I have no carpeting so it was not very useful . I did move it to a couch and got a total of 2 fleas . It was kind of a waist .
 The Springstar Flea Trap got some pretty decent reviews here on Amazon , so before I sprayed my place with chemicals , I figured I 'd give this non-toxic solution a try . Sadly , it was a waste of money . I ordered two and placed them in separate rooms . I guess with 3 pets in the house , the fleas could tell the difference between a real live animal and a lightbulb with some sticky tape . In a weeks time I caught 1 little gnat , 1 spider and a bunch of pet hairs and some tiny dust bunnies . While the traps sat empty of fleas , I was still combing a flea or two off of my cats every day . After seeing the desgin and components in person , if you really want to try this method , buy some double stick carpet tape and put it in a cardboard box lid then place a regular lamp over it . I would give this item zero stars if it was possible .
 The only reason this product caught a flea was because I picked one off my white sock and threw it on there . I did see a flea that had jumped on the trap , but it landed on top of the screen and jumped back off . I thought I 'd be smart and remove the screen , but all I caught was my kitten 's very fluffy tail as she must have sat down close to it and waved her tail over it . It took two of us to get it off her because THEN it decided to be sticky !! Pass on this .
 Springstar s102 flea trap , , , After a week I 'Ve yet to see any results . My cat has fleas up a storm .
 NOTHING ! I unfortunately bought 2 of these and have put them EVERYWHERE in the house and the only thing that happened is my cat knocked the grate off -LRB- and paper out -RRB- . I ca n't believe the top does n't click in . I had to put a rubber band around both so that they could n't be knocked apart . One time I found a flea-alive-near one but I am sure it had nothing to do with the lighted trap . Do n't waste your money . Vacumn alot , putting borax and salt on the carpet and letting it sit-close off the room until it is removed . I use a 6.5 HP Shopvac on the noncarpeted floors . I have been closely looking at the polar fleece blanket on the bed , etc. checking for fleas or the disgusting worm pupae and individually removing them -LRB- packing tape works with the worms -RRB- . I have a jar of soapy water always handy -LRB- or the toilet -RRB- to place the fleas in . When I do the laundry , I let it soak in the water before the wash cycle . I am using Revolution on my 3 cats - I am still seeing them but LESS and have even used a Voodoo Doll with a note attached with the black pin to kill the fleas !! It is the first time in about 25 years of having pets that I have had fleas in the house . I ca n't think of anything worse . They have to be THE HARDEST INSECT TO KILL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Good Luck with your war on fleas ; use your money for something other than these .
 Was so hopeful that this would work . Flea issue when we moved to a new house was horrendous , we have three dogs , none of which had ever had fleas before . They were in the carpet , because I was vacuuming them up constantly , we bombed the house , and still had problems -LRB- dogs were on Comfortis AND Tri-Shield -RRB- . Finally after shampooing the rugs , and having an exterminator come out , the fleas are gone.I ran the Flea Trap right next to the dogs beds , and never caught one flea ... in over a month ! Kept it running for another month , just to see if there were any stragglers . Never caught anything at all , not even a mosquito , which come into the house year round in the south.Very disappointed ... would send it back if I could !
 Used it for about 3 weeks . Tried all different spots . It caught 3 fleas . I feel like maybe the cat just walked over it and one fell off haha . Either way I do n't think 3 fleas is very effective or worth the money . Disappointing . But fast shipping !
 I have had this set up for over a week now and only caught one flea ? I know I still have them because when I comb my dog I 'll catch one or two . This thing sucks and really does nothing . Save your money .
 I am shocked to read any of the positive reviews on this product . The `` trap '' only had two fleas in the month that I used it ; and they must have committed suicide . A complete waste of money !
 With three cats and a dog plus two kids who ca n't seem to keep the pets outside , our house has been totally infested with fleas this summer . I had made a simple flea trap using a desk lamp pointing down at a low cake pan filled with soapy water which was catching dozens of fleas a day . When I saw these traps advertised I thought they looked like just the ticket and expected they would be a big improvement over my decidedly low tech job . So I ordered four right away.Now I 'm less then impressed and plan on returning these today.Yes , the light on the trap attracts fleas - you can see dozen of the little buggers milling around the each trap . But after using four of the Spring Star traps for two days , I have only caught a grand total of just one flea . That is one pretty expensive flea . And yes , I did remember to take the protective paper off the sticky paper and pointed the sticky side up . It just seems like the fleas ca n't find their way into to trap or if they do they simply are n't caught on the sticky paper . If these traps are a vast improvement over the `` old style '' traps , I hate to think how bad the old ones were . I think Neil Young must have bought a few of these which inspired him to write `` Piece of Crap . `` What I have ended up having to do is spray the area around the traps and kill the fleas that have congregated around the traps . This is good as it limits the area I need to spray . However , I could have done this just as easily and much cheaper using a two dollar night light . I 'd say save your money and just get the night light first .
 I purchased the product in May 2011 . It is now August 2011 and we might have one or two fleas in the trap , but have removed dozens upon dozens of fleas directly from our dog in that time . We located the trap near his crate , on the carpet where he rests , near the couch , but only a couple fleas in the two months we 've had it during peak season . Regular flea baths as well as looking on the dog througout the week revealed plenty of fleas . We 've sprayed the carpet and furniture as well . The dog is a much better trap .
 I ordered this because I thought it was larger than the Victor Flea Trap I normally use , and because it sounded like it would catch more fleas . I was very disappointed to find it much smaller than I thought and not nearly as good as the Victor Flea Trap . The light in it is n't even bright and the plastic covering gets in the way of catching the fleas instead of attracting them ! I 've had it plugged in for days in a basement room that became infested and only a few fleas are in the trap . If I walk through the room I get more than that on my pants ! What a waste of money . If you are looking for a pesticide-free trap try the Victor Flea Trap , it 's much better .
 I purchased this for my home in Florida after noticing several fleas on my animals in late spring . The bulb is supposed to put off a heat level that matches the same heat an animal laying on the floor would put off , but it produced very little heat . The glue on the trap was very sticky , and I 'm sure a flea would have been stuck very well if a flea had been attracted enough to it to get stuck . I have used this for a month and caught absolutely nothing . The flea problem is gone fortunately , but that was done with a combination of bathing the animals , vacuuming every day , and using flea powers/flea sprays on the carpet and furniture . I was very disappointed .
 I see this lighter is being sold for over $ 42 which is Insane ! You can buy this at Target for $ 4.99 ! God , I hate greedy vendors ...
 Time to think ` green ' and this is just a bulky waste of material , that you 'll be throwing away when the fluid runs dry , so grab a match instead .
 I was quite pleased when I first got this product . It is kind of hard to light , but this is a good child safety feature . It has a sleek design with a good reach and we found it to be quite useful for about 2 months , until it ran out of gas . Surprise , no refill!For this price you should be able to refill this product . I now feel like I was ripped off . I wo n't be buying another .
 This product is touted as Child Proof which is great , but I have a senior citizen parent who purchased this and did n't have the strength to click this lighter . Even I had trouble getting it to work most of the time and I have no grip or strength difficulty .
 This lighter is great and I loved it up until it ran out of fluid , which took about two months . I ca n't find anything like it that is refillable though . All of the refillable ones are straight and I prefer this . I wish they would make a refillable version .
 Bought this the other day . I 've lit it maybe a dozen times . I folded it up and put it in the cupboard for a few days , took it out , and tried to light it . Wo n't work . It 's hard for me to get it lit when it does work properly , but when it does n't ... There 's plenty of fluid in it -LRB- I can hear it swishing when I shake it -RRB- , but it must not be creating the spark to get it lit . I can hold down the trigger and put an already lit flame near it and it will catch , but it can light up by itself . Sad . Freakin ' waste of money . I 'll have to find another solution that 's easier to use and more reliable ... but then , it wo n't be too hard since this one failed so bad .
 This lighter , nicely designed as it is , IS NOT REFILLABLE . It may last you approximately two months , then you 're faced with an empty lighter . NOT REFILLABLE !!! ANOTHER PRODUCT FOR THE LANDFILL . Hey BIC , think of the environment ... or a refillable model .
 The lighter is well-made and works well enough - certainly better than the chintzy red plastic lighters that ARE refillable but do not have adjustable nozzles and do not last very long before the flame adjustment or the trigger quits working.But this Bic Luminere lighter is not refillable . In two months it is landfill . Pure waste . I thought it was refillable , or never would have bought it .
 This lighter is a piece of Chinese junk-pun intended ! It lasted about two weeks before being completely useless . No spark , no flame .
 I received this as a gift for my new pond and , having quite a bit of difficulty with it , I began looking at reviews on various sites to determine whether I just got a dud and should exchange it -LRB- which I had hoped ... it is a gift -RRB- or if they are all duds and I needed to just give up and return it.Based upon every place I found this sold that had reviews such as Sam 's Wholesale , 2 pond stores , Overstock , and Amazon , everyone is having the same issues as me so this goes back in the box . First of all , the fountain spray is nothing close to the picture . It 's a small trickle when it is working . Although my pond is in full Texas sun , it goes on and off and when it 's off it looks like something fell in the pond , not a lilly pad or a fountain . I am guessing either the solar panel is n't strong enough or that the water falling on top of it creates the effect of a solar panel on a rainy day ... not all that strong or not working at all . Honestly , I do n't know why it has such issues.The good news is that it is nice to have in your pond if you do n't have established plants yet since frogs find your pond and it allows them a cool place to hang out.The bad news is that this , on the product page , says it will clear up dirty water . Nope ... the aeration is nice for fish , but you 'll need a filter attached to your pump to clean up dirty water.Bottom line
 I used this birdbath heater over this past winter in a deck birdbath . It worked well for two months and that was it . Plus , we had a mild winter so it did n't have to work very hard . Altogether a frustrating and annoying experience and I would not recommend this product .
 I received a heating stone that did not work . It appeared to be new , but did not heat at all when plugged in . When I contacted the seller they sent me info to return the product at my own expense plus they wanted it insured . I contacted them again suggesting that good customer service would provide return shipping not at the customer 's expense . They never responded . All in all , it cost about $ 15 shipping for an inferior product that I had to purchase elsewhere due to this company 's poor customer service .
 I ordered a Farm Innovators HR75 Decorative 75watt Heated Rock Bird Bath Deicer , and followed the instructions to activate it . The water froze solid . I called the manufacturer , and they gave some alternate instructions to make the heater work , but again , the water froze solid . Product was returned . I ordered a Nelson brand heater instead which works fine .
 Poor response from company ... had to cancel after three attempts to find why no answer on shipping .
 We received this birdbath de-icer as a gift one year ago and did not use it until December 2010 . It lasted all of seven weeks . Our climate is frigid , so it had to work hard to keep water in the bath unfrozen but ca n't recommend it . When temps dipped below 20 degrees Fahrenheit recently , it quit . It 's disappointing not to have it function for at least one winter season . The cord is impossibly short so you need a lengthy outdoor extension cord . No switches were flipped in the circuit box and outlets are working , so the problem is definitely the de-icer . Very disappointed in poor quality of product .
 Beware !!!! I have had three in the last two years and one has been working fine and I 've had to replace one bc of leaks -LRB- from canister not seal -RRB- . The replacement canister leaked just after 6 mos . For those who have them currently ... please place them in a large tupperware container . 240 gal freshwater with 3 404 's = soak and wet carpet = -LRB-
 I bought the 404 about a year and a half ago for my 54 gallon tank . For the first 6 months , it was great
 Unlike the old fluval , this one is made of cheap quality material . I bought a 404 , and lasted only for about a year . It is leaking all the time , the propeller broke and the plastic rod that holds the propeller is damaged . As a result i have a very noisy filter that leaks . All in all , it ` s just junk . Do n`t buy it .
 I have had this filter on my tank for about 9 or 10 years now . I have not been happy with it at all . I have had to replace the impellor , impellor cover , and the impellor shaft numerous times -LRB- averages to about once a year -RRB- . I also changed the Aqua Stop when they came out with the new redesigned version . It does work when the filter actually works.This filter can be a pain to clean . It is very heavy when full and trying to get it out from under the tank can be a challenge . Before I replaced the Aqua stop I also had trouble with it leaking when I was cleaning the tank . The old version did n't have a way for you to close it so you would n't have any leaking . The new version I do like and has make cleaning a little easier , since I no longer have to have a bucket ready to catch the water that may come from the tubes.Like others have said I feel this filter over all is poorly designed . I should n't have to keep replacing the key parts to this filter.I have two tanks . My 20 gal has a aqua clear that has been running on that tank for 15 years . I have had no problems and have never replaced any parts . My 125 gal has the fluval and a emperor 400 . Thank goodness I have the emperor since the fluval breaks down so much . The emperor has been running on this tank for 12 years . Again I have had no problems at all with that filter and have never once replaced anything.Overall I would not buy this filter again nor would I suggest anyone else to . I rated this filter as a one . If I could have given a negative number I would have .
