 I wanted something that I could take out of the box , plug into the wall , and start zapping house flies away . I 'm supposed to buy and install a mount for this , but I just let it sit on top of a metal box on top of my porch . It was amazing . At night , it was killing the house flies non-stop . I went to check on the results in the morning and I had a whole tray of dead flies . My soil is going to have some really nice fertilizers . I have some neighbors that do n't close the lids to their garbage cans and I live near a handful of restaurants . Flies breed really fast here . I had an electric fly swatter but that did n't work very well because I was n't fast enough to get them . With this though , I killed more flies over night than I have my whole life . Of course , to add to baiting the house flies to fly into the electric wires , I slipped a piece of tuna under the UV light bulb before plugging it in . It worked magic .
 OK -- I have had this unit for only one day , however I am so impressed that I am writing a review earlier than I usually do . I ordered the 40 watt -- 1 acre unit and that may have been an overkill as the Stringer I am replacing is far smaller . I am switching to the Flowtron due to the high price at the local hardware for a replacement bulb for the Stringer . I note the replacement bulb for this unit is less than the Stringer by several dollars and is three times as powerful.Within the first three hours of use , the unit had attached loads of mosquitos as well as some other bugs . At the rate it is `` zapping '' bugs I will no doubt have to clean in a few days . I took the unit out of the box and it was operating within minutes . I already had a hook attached to a wall in the courtyard . I know the instructions recommend putting the unit away from walls , however in my case that was just not possible . I never had a problem in the past with the unit being close to a wall and I do n't anticipate such as problems with this unit . I never turn the unit off thus it is working around the clock to attract bugs.That leads me to my final comment . The Mosquito Attachment Cartridges are very expensive . A six pack is more than $ 30 and can be over $ 40 . I frankly think that is far out of line for a small strip that attracts mosquitos . Replacement strips can cost almost as much as the unit itself . If Flowtron wants to keeps customers and attache more customers they should take a look at that pricing . Thus far we very pleased with the insect killer and it is doing the job exactly as advertised .
 I bought this out of desperation because the Stink Bugs were becoming more and more of a nuisance . My neighbor had a whole colony under his vinyl siding , and they had over wintered in my house for a couple years now , and it was time for action . It turned out to be the best investment in the world . Not only did it kill all my Stink Bugs , it also killed all my Japanese beetles that were eating my plants . Mosquito 's are also way down from the previous years . It is starting to get a little crusty with dead bugs , I think a garden hose will clean it good . I use mine on a wooded one acre lot with good effect . An added bonus is you can even light your cigarette when one of their little corpses starts to burn , and they never even mentioned that in there advertisement .
 I purchased this item because of a fly problem at my condo . My patio is not yet enslosed , and during fly season in SW Florida , I get a ton of flys coming into my home every time I open the front door . The carnage this item causes is great ! . This item has been left on sometimes 24/7 for days with no problem .
 Very reliable . Attractant brings in the moths which is why I purchased it . There is insect carnage everywhere ! I recommend getting a timer so you can set it to run a few hours every night .
 I bought this after looking at several reviews of similar products . I am very happy with my purchase . I am glad that I went with a Flowtron . Kills bugs dead . .
 I am alergic to bug bites and this helps a lot . We have seen a lot of different bugs that you do n't normally see .
 i have the smaller unit and this one i love both my mom hates the fact that i put a plastic bag on the bottom of the unit but she ca n't argue with the fact that im emptying it every day and we can use are yard again WHOOOOOO10 stars
 This definitely does zap the bugs . The noise does n't bother me , but the fact that there are bits of insect all over my porch does . It 's well worth it though.I would like to point out ... It is true that mosquitoes are not attracted to light . They are attracted to body heat and the bug poppers simulate that . Ever wonder why mosquitoes always seem to be buzzing around your ears ? That appears to them to be the warmest place on your body to them . They see in infrared .
 I had three Mosquito Magnets that worked well for a few months but nothing like this . There are more mosquitos being eliminated by this is one hour than my Mosquito Magnets did in three months without the hassle of propane cans and unreliable working parts that did n't function after a few months . I estimate that this Flowtron unit is eliminating 20 mosquitos per minute . This is an amazing product , far superior to the mosquito magnet , and it costs a fraction of the price .
 I have owned this product for several months and so far it has operated flawlessly as far as electronics go.Construction is not as solid as I expected but only one physical flaw apparent ; the large ring to hang it up with is not welded and has a large gap . I discovered this when the unit fell from a hook because the wind vibrated it enough for the gap to eventually line straight up . Luckily nothing was damaged and it was n't plugged in . This at least proved the unit would n't fall apart the first time its dropped , although I do not recommend trying this for yourself.Seems to kill any bugs attracted to it very quickly and without clogging . Unfortunately not all bugs are attracted by a light source ; but that is not a flaw of the product , its a flaw of the bugs!Overall I am satisfied with the product .
 This bug popper really does a great job . You do have to clean it ever so often . Really has controlled the mosquitos and knats . I recommend this to anyone with an average size yard .
 I bought this item specifically in the hopes of controlling mosquitoes in our backyard . The unit works great , and zaps moths fabulously , but in our area , anyway , it does NOT attract mosquitoes . We installed the mosquito bait correctly , and even later tried another brand of bait , tucked into the tray below the light , and they just are n't interested . Instead , the skeeters swarm around us just like before . I ca n't say the bait wo n't work in other areas , but in central Virginia , this was sadly a bust .
 Bottom line up front - 5 stars because it is relatively cheap , extremely simple , and it works for us . The Flowtron 80 has greatly reduced the population of annoying flying insects in our yard.Below is my original review and this paragraph is an update ... We 've now had this thing in operation for a few months -LRB- spring season -RRB- and there is a HUGE decrease in the prescence of flying insects in our yard . Yes , there are still some -- doubt that anything will get them all -- but we own our yard , not the mosquitoes and gnats ! I would estimate that I `` clean '' -LRB- using the leaf blower -RRB- several thousand dead carcasas out every other week . If you 're wondering , we 've left it on 24/7 ever since we purchased it . About the only time it is unplugged is when I hit it with the air from the leaf blower to clear the dead bugs out . My original review follows.The details ... We live in the Savannah , Ga area and our property is mostly surrounded by wetlands ... a nice way of saying mosquito breeding area . We were unable to spend time in our back yard in the evenings without constantly swatting at mosquitoes and gnats . We looked at the Mosquito Magnet and various similar devices thinking that `` new technology '' may be the way to go . After reading many reviews we were not sold due to concerns about effectiveness and durability for the money . Also these devices require propane and attractant every 21 days so budget in another $ 50 a month for operation . With that said , we have not owned one of the propane models so we are not qualified to comment on the effectiveness or durability of those vs the Flowtron 80 . Bought the Flowtron 80 based on low cost to own and operate and many positive reviews on Amazon . Ours came with a 30 day packet of attractant as well . This thing is simply plug and kill ! On the first day there was a noticeable difference in our yard and after dark it was constantly zapping the little pests . Some may complain about the sound of frying bugs , but that 's the sound of bugs that will never bite anything again ! Besides , when you hear that sound there 's no doubt that this thing is working ! Location in the yard seems to be the key to effectiveness for this thing . Experiment to see what works for you . Also place it 6-8 feet off of the ground as per the instructions and place it away from people since it will attract a swarm . 5 stars because it is relatively cheap , extremely simple , and it works for us .
 I am thrilled with this lamp ! We have a house with a lot of flowers close to doors and windows and have tons pf flies and flying insects coming inside . I put this lamp in our kitchen and first day - twelve dead flies . Also , I put it next to a fruit bowl with tiny fruit insects and they were gone within a day . Nothing I have ever used has done this before.I have read the other reviews and must say I do n't find the lamp loud , except when it zaps an insect . Frankly , I do n't mind this because it is the comforting sound of another bug gone ! I would n't put it right next to my bed - it is a bit loud when it zaps and the lamp is bright , but you can put it right outside a bedroom door and it does a beautiful job . I ca n't recommend it enough for indoor use . I have not used it outside -LRB- I do n't want to zap beneficial insects -RRB- , so I ca n't comment about this .
 This product beats the crud out of the 3 Stinger products I purchased from the ` Depot . Those were absolute JUNK and they never worked . HOWEVER , the Flowtron is on-point keeping my yard clean with a steard stream of those wonderful `` ZAP '' sounds . I can now sit on my porch for hours with out fear of being eaten alive by the bugs . I have a creek in my back-yard so we have the WORST mosquitoes . Not anymore !
 I have had this up two weeks and lots of zapping at night going on . I had the stinger before and it worked great but like most of the reviews it quite working after a couple months . Unlike the Stinger this does not need to be cleaned -LRB- blow out the dead bugs -RRB- so I cant tell if it is killing as many . The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is Im waiting to see if it lasts . I will post a follow-up at the end of summer .
 I like the product , it really does attract and zap the bugs , but it was n't made clear that the product only works after dusk - it does n't state this on the packaging either . Also , the instructions for the little packets you can add for attracting either flies or mosquitoes are very unclear . Even though I thought I applied them correctly , they fell off within an hour . All things considered , it works very well in the evening and I 'm glad I bought it .
 The mosquitos in our backyard are particularly nasty . They leave large angry bumps where they bite and you itch for at least two weeks after you 're bit . They were ruining our outside patio experience . We needed something that would make it possible for us to sit and enjoy our beautiful backyard . This Flowtron really did the trick . We discovered that if we turn it on about an hour before we go out side , it took care of the mosquito problem . We placed the insect killer in the middle of our 1/2 acre yard where you could hear it quietly zapping insect after insect . Bugs seemed to be drawn to it like a magnet . The Flowtron insect killer really got rid of those pesky mosquitos . It also did a great job of scaring off the owls that were making our cats lives miserable . The only drawback is the bright light . I understand there are units out there that are not as bright . Overall , we are very pleased with the way it has substantially reduced the insect population in our backyard . It has made it possible for us to relax on our patio without being bothered by those pesky mosquitos .
 This is an excelent unit , it self cleans itself , unlike another brand unit that is sold by Walmart , Home Depot , Lowes etc. that plugged up with dead bugs in a couple of days . This unit may need a little cleaning in 3 or 4 weeks . The one thing that the other brand had , that was very nice , was a slide cover over a sensor that could let the unit turn off during daylight , if desired . I ordered this bug killer after purchasing the other brand , which I quickly returned after seeing it 's design flaw . I have also had an older FLOWTRON smaller unit for about 20 years which is still working well with the original bulb and killing bugs just as well as this new unit . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE FLOWTRON BRAND BUG KILLERS .
 I bought this two weeks before my backyard bbq and it was a great help . Before I had it , as soon as I stepped outside , mosquitos would start biting me if I had no repelant . But within a week the Flowtron had minimize the pests . I had about 50-60 people at my bbq and no one complained of getting a mosquito bite . Unfortunately it kills all bugs , so I have no more lightening bug flying around . I liked those bugs . But to good , sometimes have to suffer for the bad .
 I purchased this product for my pool/deck area . We were constantly bothered by mosquitos . Since I have installed this Flowtron , I have noticed a reduction in the amount of mosquitos -- even after dark . I would recommend this to anyone and already have had some family members purchase it . .
 This product works good . It has n't gotten rid of all the little devils , but the number is reduced . I have such an allergic reaction to mosquito bites that I have more of a problem than everyone else . I personally still need spray -LRB- which I hate -RRB- but no one else seems to need it .
 I live in Cheyenne Wyoming that has a lot of Moths , and this bug zapper has never quit on me yet . It Zaps them good , what more can you ask for . Very happy with the Flowtron brand . I will buy this brand again if I need another one for any reason
 I decided to give this flowtron bug zapper a try and wow I am glad I did this thing works amazing at zapping musquitos . it gets more musquitos then I would ever dream of . I got it for moth control and while it does kill some moths it works so much better for musquitos . now the bad thing about this zapper is that it clogs up fast and I dont have a air compressor to hit it with every day so it kind of is a little hard getting the bugs out of it . Flowtron said it is non clogging and that is misleading but other then that the unit is amazing I love the zapping sound of the machine . overrall I would recommend Flowtron to everyone even though I dont like the starter in the unit which looks like a christmas light . I think they should of made the starter like a fish aquarium starter to where a person could change it easy . again I love the unit it is the best I have found so far and dont waste your time on them newer stinger models they are junk !!
 For the price , I ca n't see how you can beat it . I just retired my Mosquito Magnet as it is temperamental and expensive to keep running . The Flowtron 80D is very simple , hang it up , put in the attractant and turn it on ... done . Replace the attractant every 30 days and you have a very effective mosquito killer . It does attract and kill other flying insects but I can live with the collateral damage . We have a lot of mosquitos in Florida and I noticed a huge improvement in 3 weeks . In the middle of summer we rarely see any around the property . For less than $ 100 , I ca n't find anything that will beat it .
 Summer after summer rolled by and I kept thinking that I need to buy a bug zapper , but it was one of those things I kept putting off . I 'm glad I FINALLY did and I am glad that I bought this Flowtron.The Flowtron BK-80D runs on 80W of power and claims to be able to cover up to 1.5 acres . It does live up to both claims , as it reliably zaps light-sensitive insects from dusk to midnight . I let my zapper run a few hours each night to thin out the army of mosquitoes and other annoying insects that fly around at night . After midnight they seem to taper off ; for me , prime-time bug zapping starts at dusk and go on for 2-3 hours.At night when I would turn on a light in a room , within minutes the window would be covered with moths and other light-sensitive insects . When my Flowtron is running this does n't happen - simple evidence that it is working . As long as you place it a decent distance from the area you want to relax outside , you will not have many bugs bothering you since they 'll all be swarming around the zapper.This unit includes one cartridge of octenol to lure mosquitoes . It seems to work , and it lasts about 30 days if you run your light 3 hours per day . If you have a heavy mosquito infestation , there is a slot where you can attach a second cartridge . One cartridge seems to be enough for me.Finally , cleaning and maintenance ... I have n't owned this unit long enough to need to do any maintenance but I would anticipate that the fluorescent bulb will last several years if not more . Cleaning is trivial - like others have said you can blow the insect husks off the grill with a leaf blower or shop vac , but I 've found that using my garden hose on a light `` shower '' setting works well and is very convenient -LRB- obviously , if you use a hose to clean it , do n't do it when it is plugged in and do n't turn it on until it dries -RRB- . The Flowtron will not clog up easily since its grills are spaced right and the zapping bars do not overlap.Buy this if you like to spend time outside in the evening or at night . It does its job well and as long as you do n't drop it or abuse it , it should last a long time . That 's really all there is to it .
 We have a wooded 1 acre lot and this thing destroys misquitos ! The open bottom does not get clogged but I do have to use the blower for 30 seconds to clean off the dead misquitos every other day that stick to the machine . This is a very small issue for me since it kills misquitos . I hooked it up to an outdoor timer and it kicks on about 6 pm and off at 3 am . The misquitos do swarm the light so you dont want to put it next to where you will be . When we first hooked it up it seemed like it was kiling misquitos three or four at a time all night long . Now after about 2 weeks it has slowed down because the machine manages the misqiutos . My family now owns the yard !!!! I can not stop raving about this bug light and our friends have even bought one . AAAAAAAAAAA + + + + + + + + + !
 This is well worth the money , I live on the North Shore of Oahu , Hi . Its a beautiful place , its paradise . But with all paradise my comes with small flying pest , I bought this and I have n't been disappointed since . It works indoors and outdoors , everything that comes in contact with it is zapped !! You ca n't go wrong investing little cash on this if you live in a moist tropical paradise or anywhere small flying pest are . I highly suggest this product !
 bright unit but works great just make sure your neighbors are not close because the shine at night is to brightgreat seller fast shipping , great service will buy again
 I made the mistake of buying two bug zappers from ` Wally-World ' . The same kind you 'll find in all of the home improvement warehouses . They were virtually useless . One was in an unopened box , but obviously used , the other did n't work . Hence , I took them back and bought two of these from Amazon . All I can saw is that I 'm impressed . Both Flowtrons work perfectly without any issues and I ca n't recommend them high enough . You wo n't go wrong with a Flowtron .
 Excellent product . Draws mosquitos and sand gnats like crazy and dispatches them . I live in the country and this makes my yard much more user friendly . I have owned a Flowtron zapper in the past and it lasted for years . Tried Stingers -LRB- about 6 different Stinger zappers -RRB- and they all failed in a few months of use . So , I went back to the Flowtron and am again quite pleased so far . Highly recommend this product . It may be a bit more expensive that the competition but well worth the money .
 I bought this insect killer for my mom cause of all the june bugs , flies , nats and mosquetoes that are in her backyard during the summer . I do n't think that it works on mosquetoes even with that `` attractant '' that is offered . I had taken off the plastic cover due the june bugs just holding on to it instead of going for the blue light . Once I did that I think the june bug population started to decline . This insect killer is pretty powerful , you could actually see the volts being delivered to the bug at times to the point that is actually fries the bug to a crisp !
 This Flowtron device comes fully asembled and ready to start killing bugs , which it did immediately upon install , Very pleased with it . I actually like sitting back and watching/listening to the `` zapping '' as weird as that might sound.Does exactly what it claims , which very few products do !
 So far so good . It kills plenty of insects all types at night . The insects fall through the bottom of the bug zapper so there is no tray to clean . Leaves alot of dead bugs on the ground below the bug zapper . I live in tracy , ca and in the summer we have lots of flys during the summer days . I will find out if it is just as good during the day with my fly issue in a few more weeks . Down side of the zapper , only thing I would change would be to put a longer power cord on it . For the price it is an awesome buy and I mentioned before it kills all types of bugs and insects at night .
 Here in West Texas we have quite a few flying insects , especially at night . I have purchased a number of non-Flowtron bug wackers over the past few years and they proved to be next to useless . I remembered that a number of years ago we had a Flowtron bug wacker so I started to look for one on the internet and found this one . It has proven to be just what the doctor ordered . It works extremely well , even without the attractant . I would definitely recommend this product and am contemplating buying another one shortly .
 We hung this in a wooded area near our dog kennels and it does a great job ! I have seen a vast reduction in the mosquitos and we are heavy into mosquito season in GA. . It does n't clog but does leave a nice big pile on the ground under it so beware of ants and other creepy crawlies swarming the dead carcasses when you check on it .
 I used this for 2 years on my patio and it worked like a champ . The bulb died after about a year , looking like it was burned on one part , perhaps from some large bug that got stuck . Aside from that , it 's been great , and the bulb was easy to replace .
 We live in Florida and it 's been great walking around our property and not getting eaten alive -LRB- or carried away -RRB- by the mosquitos . I need to mention we have a large pond on the property and woods behind our home . Also , that we purchased three Flowtron Insect Killers and `` triangulated '' our home . Money well spent ! Another plus is we have n't had to put on insect repellent , which we hate to do .
 At first I plugged it in and it did n't work . Reseated the bulb , as it said on the instructions , and presto it turned into a bug killing serial killer . Do n't even hesitate ... buy it ! Do n't buy the cheaper versions buy this one or the 80 watt . Some people say it does n't kill mosquito 's but thats bull .
 seems to be a good deal . I hope it lasts longer than the name brand I replaced several times.it does do the job .
 We recently moved to coastal Georgia and live on a beautiful but buggy marsh-view property . I 've never seen such bad swarms of mosquitoes , and I 'd tried everything -LRB- a Black Flag bug zapper from a box store , yard spray with my garden hose , citronella candles , and plenty of Deep Woods Off -RRB- . This zapper , even without the mosquito lure , killed probably 5000 + skeeters in the first night and day . We 've seen a marked decrease , and I can now step onto my porch without being swarmed . It 's loud - the zap when a bug enters the trap is definitely audible inside - and brighter than our other zapper , but its effectiveness is phenomenal so far . I 'm going to move it around our yard a bit and try to target some trouble spots . As other reviewers noted -LRB- and led me to purchase this in particular -RRB- , the grate is large enough and designed in such a way that most insects will fall right through and not get caught in the wires/grate as with other brands . Make sure you 're ready for a pile of dead bugs under this zapper , with only occasional need to blow out with an air compressor . Split ring on top does require some attention - I just turned the opening to the side so I would n't worry about it coming loose . I would highly recommend this !
 Pros - In the past two months there has been a lot of night time battle sounds.Pros - I am winning ! HAHAHAHAhahahahahahaHAHAHAHA !!! Bugs are being zapped.Pros - I am actually on the winning side after a few years of bug blitzes and mosquito molestations ! I am NOW taking it back to them!Pros - Feel Like a Winner ! Buy this product ! Ya know - your loved ones -LRB- especially your wife ... OH YEAH ! -RRB- will appreciate it . This has caused our marriage to grow ! ooo la la!Pros - WOW ! Now we can walk in the backyard without using stinkin ' bug spray!WHAT IS STOPPING YOU ? WANT TO BE YOUR WIFE 'S HERO ? JUST DO IT - NOW!Cons - `` Their electric wire grid uses square wires that QUICKLY clogs up . '' If you 're an idiot you will never know how to clean it . -LRB- No offense intended . -RRB- I would recommend , if you are an idiot , just go to a hardware store and ask for a square brush to clean the screen . -RRB- There really is no problem ... just clean the screen while unplugged.Cons - One of two bulbs needs replacement after two months of usage.Cons - Do not lick the screen with your tongue while plugged in.Cons - Confused neighbors who believe their grandchildren and cat are going to get zapped ! -LRB- Sad ai n't it ?! -RRB-
 I purchased the Flowtron because when I went out back to either garden , hang with my chickens or work in the shed the mosquitos would drive me back in . I hung it about 30 feet from my chicken coop . This morning when I let my free range chickens out of their coop they ran over to the Flowtron and scarved down all the dead bugs like it was a Christmas buffet ! No more need to buy treats for my chickens!It also acts as a subtle security light for the back yard.Oh and it is doing a great job of killing bugs .
 All I can say is this is the best $ 40 I 've ever spent ! I 've been wanting to buy a Flowtron for several years but I never did because of the people who say it does n't kill mosquitoes . Being that was the main reason I wanted one I figured it was a waste of money.One night sitting out in the back yard I was run off by man-eating mosquitoes and I came inside and over-nighted the 1/2 acre version of the Flowtron after I saw some reviews that said this unit does indeed kill mosquitoes . I figured I 'd give it a try.I turned it on the first night I got it and mosquitoes as well as other flying pests were dropping by the dozens ! I have to admit , I rather enjoyed watching them die ! I 'm not sure what kind of mosquitoes those who say it does n't work have but the ones where I live die by the dozens every night!Don ' t be fooled by those who say this does n't work ! Buy it ! You 'll love it !
 I was a little worried when buying this because I 've read that mosquitos are n't attracted to light and that all these things really do is kill a lot of moths -LRB- not that that 's not worthy in itself -RRB- . However , when I set it up , I was quite pleased to see swarms of mosquitos flying around and into the zapper . I 'm not sure if it 's really the light or the octenol scent attracting them , but they are indeed flying into the electric grid and getting zapped . Perhaps the dominant subspecies of mosquitos in our heavily wooded area of New England is one that likes light . We live right next to some swampy areas so it seems like there 's a neverending supply of mosquitos , but this bug zapper is literally killing thousands of them every night . I 've got to believe that it 's making some kind of dent in the local population right around our house.The only negative I might have is that it gets pretty noisy . Mosquitos are small and each one does n't make much of a zap , but when there 's so many of them , it 's almost continuous and the sound travels pretty far . At first it 's satisfying to know that tons of mosquitos are getting killed , but it soon gets annoying . I guess it 's the small price we -LRB- and the neighbors -RRB- have to pay for effective pest control.The other thing is that the mosquitos seem to come all at once in a small window of time -LRB- ~ 8:30 - 10:30 -RRB- , so we just set the zapper on a timer from 7:00 - 11:00 . After that we just seem to get moths . Four hours of 40 watt bulb usage , plus whatever power the zapping itself uses , per day seems a lot cheaper to run than those propane-powered mosquito traps . We 'll have to see if we really need to change the octenol as often as recommended . A new cartridge at $ 6 a pop every two weeks can add up . So far it 's been about 4 weeks and the zapper is still working great.All in all , this is a great product . I have n't tried any other competitor 's models to compare it to , but this zapper certainly does its job .
 I do a lot or research on everything I get . I do n't look for the cheepest I look for the best . This Flowtron happens to be both . All the propane types do not last past two yrs before needing repair and you must replace the propane every 3 weeks . The brand that uses Co2 is a little better and has a good catch rate but it has drawbacks also . Now for the good old bug zapper . Unlike the other bug catchers it uses light to lure mosquitoes from a far distance , I mean this thing is bright . Once they get close the occtenol lures them right in to finish the job . I 've had this up for this summer and it 's put a big dent in the mosquito population for sure.Now the draw backs . You have to replace the lamps yearly from reading other posts . It 's bright so do n't place it close where you sleep . We swapped one of the bulbs with a UV type that is used by the stinger brand sold as Lowes -LRB- $ 14 -RRB- . Being the dark purple blacklight UV It 's 1/2 as bright to our eyes and the mosquitoes have another spectrum of light to go after . BTW when we did this it seemed to up the catch numbers . I 'm catching mostly mosquitoes and moths . The mosquitoes fall to the ground and the moths sometimes stick to the Electrocution grill . You need air hose them off about every other day . If you use a water hose do not get the bulbs wet at the socket and let it dry before plugging it in.All in all it 's still the best method to get rid of your mosquito problem .
 I purchased this after 2 things happened
 We have used bug zappers before and they really worked well ! So we decided to try them on Stink Bugs . We would get them in the house and in the garage . Nothing seemed to work . So we bought one of these bug zappers and hung it up in the garage . At first it was killing around 40 to 50 Stink Bugs per day . After a couple of months we are down to 8 or 10 per day . We went from getting 5 or 6 or more in the house per day to getting one or two in the house per week!We highly reccommend them!Flowtron BK-15D Electronic Insect Killer , 1/2-Acre Coverage
 I have it set on a light sensor that turns it on at dusk . It kills hundreds of bugs and tons of mosquitoes . Im not sure if it is making a dent in the mosquito population , but more dead ones means less live ones that are biting . I have to clean it out once in a while -LRB- monthly maybe -RRB- . I owned the stinger , and it would clog in a couple of days and would not work until all bugs were removed . Our dog gets freaked out hearing the zapping noise . Works well . My neighbors wonder why my zapper is destroying bugs while their Stinger zapper sits there quietly . Way , way , superior to the Stinger .
 Holy cow ! This thing is amazing ! If you ever wanted the power of Thor , the God of thunder , to zap all those pesky bugs and mosquitoes out of the air . You ca n't , but this will do . After the first few nights of using this bug zapper , I went out to check to see what it killed , 80-90 % of the bugs killed were mosquitoes -LRB- that I can see -RRB- . I 'm sure there are many others that dropped onto the ground . It is not as loud as most people would like you believe about electric bug zappers . It sounds as loud as any of the birds in the trees make . I did n't even use the mosquitoes attractant that was provided and it still kill a bunch of mosquitoes . I 'm contemplating buying some more and put it around the yard . This is the best !!!
 This was bigger and heavier than I expected but it works well . I have to blow the bug remains off periodically or it gets so full the new bugs have no room to enter .
 I looked around for the best bug zapper available for our back yard , which backs up to a forest and has a stream running through it . We had a lot of mosquitoes before , but we have basically zero now . It works great .
 I put this up and it must 've zap every bug in my sub-d . It filled up pretty fast and was very ez to clean next day with can of air . It was zapping so much I started feeling sorry for the insects ... LOL I loaned it to a neighbor that had a kids party and had the garage light on all night with door open . He must 've had at least 1000 + insects on the ceiling and around the lights . He hung it up closed the door and shut the lights the next morn ' told me to order another flowtron for myself ... because he was keeping mine , it eliminated 95-98 % of the insects ... . Highly recommend . ^_^
 Great Item . I bought 3 for my 5 acres , put 2 around deck and swimming pool , approx 3 acres and had no problems with pests , also 1 by horse barn made a big difference . Just put it 20ft away from where you want to enjoy yourself , and you can , pest free.Worth every penny spent.In the long run it 's cheaper than all the off , and horse spray .
 Put those pesky varments out of their misery just like we used to when I was growing up the old fashioned way . Zap em . This is a great bug zapper for a 9,000 sq. ft. or less yard . It is also very tuff and durable . I have really put it to the test since I 've had it . Believe me this is a very reliable product . I do not recommend turning your sprinklers on aimed at it with it plugged in on the ground though . Although it did survive I highly do not recommend this stupid action .
 Flowtron zappers work well for me . My other option is a Stinger and those are not self-cleaning . I use the zapper to draw the bugs away from the house door . If it reduces the mosquito population , it still leaves a gazillion . Leave it on all the time . First unit went for 6 years and two bad hurricanes . Second unit only twelve months . This is my third Flowtron . Hope that the reduced mercury levels in the bulbs isnt the cause of the short life . Been using Flowtrons and Stingers for over twenty years . Last Stinger didnt last a year either.My best defense against mosquito bites was taking my wife along as bait . She is a real mosquito magnet ! Tried to wrap her in electrified zapper mesh . Now she is my ex-wife .
 The zapper arrived in good condition and in a reasonable amount of time . It works quite well . I have 2 acres and can not tell how well it works in relationship to the full area but for the immediate area it seems to work quite well . I would definitely recommend it and the price seems to be reasonable .
 Easy to install , the bug zapper works great ! Usually , I have difficulty with bugs and mosquitoes biting at night . No more thanks to my new bug zapper . My family and I sit on the porch all night and enjoy a bug free lifestyle . Zapper attracts bugs and kills 'em dead . No sprays , fumes , or mess . Would highly recommend it to anyone with large yard who wants to enjoy the outdoors without getting bitten alive ! Amazon had least expensive price and would have spent a lot more if purchased at local stores .
 Mosquitoes sneak in to my house and bite like mad . can this product be used indoors to get rid of these blood suckers ? Maybe when everyone goes to work ?
 This works great . Yes it has to be plugged in which is not always easy outside but really worth it .
 worked , and got a lot of bug zapped , the grid is none stick , no maintainence needed.left it in the backyard one night , the rain followed , it is still working well.Still got mosquito bite , but seems less bug bother us .
 I purchased this insect killer 6 weeks ago.Very quick shippment . I hung it on the tree of my backyard , manually turn on/off , after 4 weeks , so far , so good .
 In the past I have owned smaller cheaper bug zappers that did an ok job , but this does a wonderful job and has decreased the bug population around the back yard tremendiously ! I would highly recommend anyone in the market for a bug zapper to get one as it has done wonders for my yard !
 I received the Flowtron BK-15D Electronic Insect Killer , 1/2 Acre Coverage . I am so happy I got this before Mother 's Day because . Mosquitos and flies have been a pesky critters . I put it in my back yard . It really works fast zapping the Mosquitos , moths , and flies . I am 100 % satisfied with this Zapper . I have gone to Lowes , Home Depot , Wal-Mart , and they were all out of this Insect Killer . I wished I would have ordered this first before going to all these locations and being dissappointed . Thanks a lot .
 I had been on the web looking for a `` bug Zapper '' . The big box stores only carried 1 or 2 brands and the reviews were terrible . So I thought I would go to Amazon.com and I found this product . I read all the reviews and they were Great ! Everything about it sounded so good , that I decided to purchase one . I am most amazed at the performance of this product . You can hear it working all night long . It is well built and seems very sturdy . I only gave it 4 stars as I have had it up only a few weeks . I am sure it will perform year after year . A good product .
 very fine product . i have had one for three years and it is still working i have had to replace bulb only 1 time .
 Excellent product , unfortunatelly the lamp just fits the box , so the plastic part that holds the lamp arrived broken .
 i tried the stinger which only worked for a couple of days and then just stopped . the flowtron works great ! its been hanging outside for a couple of months now , in all weather ; has n't clogged up and keeps our acre and a half bug free .
 Excellent , used it in the back yard . Was not bothered by insects , yet this zapper was going off constantly .
 I have used this Flowtron for about 2 months now . The mosquito 's in western North Dakota are a killer . This product works great ! It is FULL of bugs every morning . We leave it on 24/7 and it works through the rain and is sturdy enough to stand up to our great wind . I would recommend this product over and over .
 Finally able to enjoy the backyard after dark ! Great product , does what it says it will do.If you have annoying flying bugs , you need this -- really .
 Absolutely 100 % awesome product ! I got home the other night and the zapper was on and it sounded like there was a zapping party going on . It would not stop buzzing . Very bad for the bugs , but GREAT for us !!!
 I bought this bug zapper for a father 's day gift this year , and this was the perfect gift to give anyone . Kills bugs and also quite amuzing to have in your back yard .
 It does a good job keeping Mosquitos off my patio , and I live next to a lake .
 This product does a great job killing flying insects . We were overcome with stink bugs and I bought this to attract them . I did not order it until September and it was already getting cooler . It did kill a few stink bugs but I will use it again next spring to really test it . I hung it near the tomatoe plants since that is where most of our stink bugs were hiding . It is easily cleaned .
 This is the one what you are looking for.No smell / No harm / Works great .
 This bug zapper is great . It does not clog with bodies ; it attracts the little beasts ; and we are very pleased with it . Recommend it highly .
 Nice bug zapper , it is well designed , works very efficiently , and basically leaves no residue . I would reccomend this to those that are bothered by mosquito 's and moths . My only desire was to find a unit that could be used during the day . I look forward to many years of use .
 Great bug zapper , however I did n't pay attention to the fact it was electric . Other than that it works great . I just use an extension cord to put it in my back yard away from people .
 The item arrived as advertised and works properly . Kills lots of bugs and mosquitoes . When placed far enough away from the house it does a good job of luring mosquitoes and other bugs away from the house . You do have to clean the thing out pretty frequently though . I use a can of compressed air to blow all the dead bugs out of the grating about 2-3 times week . I do n't know how it affects the overall mosquito population , simply because there are just so many this year it 's not typical . I would definitely recommend this product , if for no other reason than to lure the critters away from your house .
 It works well . I have a screened pool with occasional moskitos . A few nights of it removed them . I also used in front of my house since I live in SE FL . The only issue is UV light . On the box , it says keeping a distance of 25 feet from people which is hard to be effective . I use it in a corner so it has wall or bushes around it , but also limit its effect . I hopt to find something that I can use without this limitation some day .
 I bought one to try it out in the South America . I put this unit up in the camp in the jungle . It 's fun to watch this thing work . Kills everything that can get inside of it.The problem , nothing big can get inside . Will have to cut the frame like someone here suggested . That 's why 4 stars .
 I live in south central Wisconsin & the mosquito 's have been terrible this year . I live in a rural sub division & the lots are all 1/2 to 1 acre in size . I placed the BK-80 about 20 feet from my patio & it is doing a good job of slowing my mosquito & moth population down . When I also use my Burgess fogger on the nights when we are going to be in the yard I have no mosquito 's at all . I would have given it a 5 star rating , but after one week one bulb quit working , I called the 800 # for Flowtron & got a recording telling me to leave a message & they would get back to me , they never did . I am a very handy person so I removed the top cover & looked at the two bulb starters & noticed that one was loose , so I just pushed it in a little & all is fine now . I used the one attractant cartridge that came with it but I could n't notice any difference with it . I do n't think it 's worth cost of them , they are WAY over priced . If you buy one make sure that you go with the BK-80 my neighbor went with a smaller model & is not happy . He says he is going to get a BK-80 .
 Length :
 Few reviewers have much to say about the Flowtron BK 80 's ability to attract and kill flies . I 'd like to hear more comments on this topic as it 's the flies which do the most to disturb our frequent meals on our deck .
 Shipping was quick . The Flowtron took a few days before we really noticed a difference . Not all bugs are zapped but we are in Florida , the home of all bugs and even though we are in a subdivision we got the one for an acre because the mosquitos are particularly thick this year . We are able to be more comfortable outside since we are n't being chased back in by mosquitos , deer flies etc. . We would buy it again .
 Tried two other brands from another store and both died within three days . They would have to be cleaned everyday . My Flowtron just keeps on working . Highly recommend it.Flowtron BK-80D 80-Watt Electronic Insect Killer , 1-1/2 Acre Coverage
 Bug zapper works great and it was exactly as described . Covers a large area . Just hang and plug it in ... it 's ready !
 It is an excellent bug killer . Easy to put up and no cleaning which I really like . I would recommend this product .
 It zaps them good . It zaps them real good!Small flying insects are vaporized . Flies need a little persuasion to enter , but once they do , zap and they 're dead .
 this is one of the best on the market . works great on all kinds of bugs and not too loud like some .
 Recently bought a rural area home , the bugs kept us off the deck on warm nights . I bought two of these zappers , because of the reviews , one for each end of the deck.They just keep on zapping . I have had to take them down every couple of weeks and use my shop compressor to blow out the grids.As mentioned in previous reviews , this thing works you just need to be able to enjoy the ongoing zapping sound ! The sound of success .
 I ordered the Flowtron electronic zapper and a solar zapper at the same time . I should have bought two of the electronic ones -- I AM going to order another one . This Flowtron zapper is well worth the money . The post top solar zapper -- USELESS , USELESS , USELESS !!! I would recomend the Flowtron BK-15D Electronic bug zapper to everyone -- Cause I love it when things work like they are supposed too !!!
 Just got this product and hooked it up outside with a timer and really like it BUT I was wondering ... What happens if I leave it on the timer and it turns it on at night and it rains . Will the bulb break or damage the product ?
 Awesome bug zapper . . this puppy rocks when mounted on a nice pole ... our family loves the light and how it 's amazingly like the `` OLD ONES '' ... . I recommend it !!!
 After reading extensively about the various types of bug/mosquito zappers , I settled on the Flowtron 80 . The majority of the reviews I read indicated it worked . I was skeptical , but desparate , as we could not go outside on our unscreened patio -LRB- Florida -RRB- without getting eaten alive . Well , it took a couple of nights at work and magic . No more bugs/mosquitos ! It works . I recommend the mosquito attractant . I have n't tried it without it , but why ruin a good thing .
 I got this zapper for the increase of flying insects that looks like red ants with wings . -LRB- I love it ! -RRB- It 's zapping away ! I placed this item a little away from the house and next to a tree -LRB- where I know they are hanging out -RRB- . Get this if you have moth and flying ant problems !
 I got these to give to a friend who lives near Big Lake , Alaska . He gave one of them back , since they do n't seem to be very impressive when it is light all night long . He is thinking that by having them earlier in the year next year , they will be more help when the mosquitos first appear .
 I shopped around for many days before I decided to buy . Checked locally and the prices were way to much . As stated before it does kill a lot of unnecessary bugs . I was targeting mosquito 's . My family could n't even go outside . We still get bites here and there but it 's way better . I 've had no problems at all . Would recommend this to anyone.After using for several months I can attest to the performance of the zapper . It works ! We could go outside and enjoy our backyard . No more being held hostage .
 We 've always had mosquito problems in Louisiana and they prevent us from enjoying our yard at night . Not anymore ! You can watch and hear the mosquitoes being zapped - and fast - by this machine ! It has returned our yard to us so we can enjoy sitting outside in the evenings . If you are looking for something like this , I recommend this device
 It 's the summer and I enjoy leaving my back door open and/or hanging out in the back patio ... the only problem with that was all the flying insects that bothered the hell out of me and my roommates . Once I put up the bug zapper within minutes I heard bugs getting zapped . It 's quite entertaining and I have to say the bug population is completely under control and I 've yet to get any bug bites since I set up the bug zapper . No flies , no mosquitoes , no june bugs and no moths . It 's great ! The zapper works day and night and also comes with octenol -LRB- a chemical that lures the bugs to their electrifying death -RRB- . If you have a problem with flying bugs around your house , I highly recommend you get one of these Flowtron bug zappers !
 bought this big yard bug killer and it works great ... easy to hook up and easy to maintain ... quick delivery ... love it ... amazon makes it easy to order and pay for and will be ordering again soon ... thanx ...
 I had gotten a new light on my back deck and the bugs flying around kept me from enjoying the deck at night . I ordered this product thinking it probably would not help that well . Boy , I was wrong . As soon as I pulled it up , it started zapping bugs . Now I can enjoy my deck at night . I would recommend this product . 5 stars all the way !! Flowtron BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer , 1 Acre Coverage
 I was so impressed with the 1st Flowtron that I bought a second one about 5 years later - not as a replacement but as an additional unit for coverage on the opposite side of the house . Summary
 I am very happy with this product , but it seems to work better at night . I think that I 've read where some people just plug it up and let it run , but I did that once and did not hear much zapping during the daylight hours . I live in the woods and it makes sense that the zapper will attract more attention at night , when there are no other lights around . But I 'm still happy with the results . I have a pool and it feels like we have fewer flying insects buzzing around -LRB- mosquitoes , moths , etc -RRB- , though we still have the flies -LRB- house , horse , deer , you name it -RRB- . Maybe if I left it on during the day , we would n't have as many flies , but it 's not that bad -LRB- at least not yet -RRB- . Also , the wider vertical bars are great . I 've had no clogging to speak of and the zapper has been on of a night -LRB- in a wooded area -RRB- for several weeks now .
 This item is * extremely * effective and I can highly recommend it . It 's long-lasting , too . I researched several other brands but purchased this one , based on reviews , and am thankful that I did .
 I 've had this item abuot 6 months . This zapper works quite well and is worth the price . Comes pretty much ready out of the box . Hours of entertainment .
 Although the pool has a cage , which keeps out most mosquitoes , the no-see-ums -LRB- sand flies -RRB- are small enough to squeeze through on occasion , and opening and closing pool cage doors lets in some insects.This thing kills anything that comes near it ! And when paired with the Octenol patch -LRB- one tab included -RRB- it does a very good job of clearing the deck of remaining beasties . You just have to remember that its not expected to do this 100 % . It attracts most insects by the UV , but mosquitoes need a smell to follow , like CO2 or your breath . Thats why you need the Octenol , which mimics it.In the time I have tried it -LRB- around 3 weeks -RRB- it has definitely worked wonders and I can see the electric grid bars filling up with the insects . I oiled the steel grid lightly before use -LRB- with a spray of WD40 -RRB- prior to inserting the bulb . I did this to cause the insects to stick less on contact when they get buzzed . It should make blowing them off later , a little easier.Overall , its worth it for me - just keep some anti-insect spray handy as you 'll still need it a bit . Also , site the Flowtron a fair bit away from you - 25 feet or more .
 Here in the deserts of the SW , bugs abound . But not after we plug in the this zapper . I had doubts that a bug zapper would kill most of the bugs , let alone all of them . We are more than happy with this purchase . It 's hard to keep moths and insects out of the house during the summer , but with this zapper in place you can open the screen door without any insects flying in ; they stay around the zapper and do n't even come near the house or cover the windows trying to get to the light . That 's the best part , it becomes like a bug free zone around the house .
 I am a mosquito magnet ! This product helps us enjoy our outdoor lanai much more , as it does eliminate much of the mosquito population . However , because those buggers like me so much , they still seem to find me . Wish it could zap em all !
 I purchased this from Amazon after owning the quiet zappers they didnt really due much for the bugs and sure wasnt entertaining . I got this and noticed an extreme decrease in bugs this year . And good lord is it entertaining when it gets a good pile of bugs on there after a couple weeks it really starts frying them -LRB- sparks and smoke . -RRB- And it keeps on zapping !
 The nice thing about this bug light is that it has vertical electric `` shocker '' bars , so the bugs do n't get built up as they would in a chicken wire type electric grid . The units do n't seem to last as many years as I would like them to however .
 nice light weight unit , easty to hang ... needs a longer cord and needs a bottom shelf to catch bugs ... i ducked taped bottom so they would n't fall on floor in garage ...
 The Flowtron BK-80D has worked wonders . We live on close to 3 acres and once we put it up last Spring we did n't have another problem with bugs all year . I ca n't say enough good about it - no complaints .
 This is the only electronic bug zapper I will buy.I 've had several and two of them were Flowtron.Insects do not plug up the Flowtron , other brands I 've hadpluged up all the time and they are nasty to clean out.Flowtron does cost more so it depends on how maintance free you want it .
 With the outbreak of dengue fever in my area of Honolulu I needed a way to control the mosquito problem at my home . I ca n't control what my neighbors do with their standing water but I 've been able to defend myself from a rabid mosquito hoard that has been feeding off of my family with the Flowtron . It has killed a few innocent bees but luckily geckos and other insects have been spared while a pile of dead mosquitos accumulates every morning under the light . I just wish this came with a tripod to mount the light closer to the ground .
 This unit replaces a Stinger I bought last year that completely died in one season . Its March and the mosquitoes are already after us here . I put this outside my wood shop when I work in the evening , bugs are not bad yet , but getting there in a hurry . This unit probably killed more bugs in ONE night than the stinger did in a week ! And that is without the pheromone I thought I would save for another month . Great deal and really nice unit !
 Works very well . Worth paying the extra over the less powerful versions . Really attracts the insects . Thoroughly recommended .
 This big zapper works great ! Simple as that!We recently moved into a small house that has no central air-conditioning , so we had little choice but to run a bunch of fans and leave the windows open -LRB- which have screens -RRB- to get whatever breeze we could . Needless to say the bugs swarmed onto the screens , and many of the smaller bugs could actually get through the window screens . In short , it was terrible!I researched online for a good-working bug zapper , and when I came across the excellent reviews of this product -LRB- as well as the other larger zappers from this brand -RRB- I was more than willing to give it a go.One of the best buys we 've ever made . We have it setup about 25 feet from the front door , and it attracts all the bugs that used to sit on the window screens and front door . The best part is you can hear the zapper at work because there 's just an endless sound of bugs being zapped -LRB- yes , I know , I sound cruel , but it sure beats having small bugs all inside the house on a hot summer night ! -RRB- . This zapper works VERY well , I am extremely pleased with it !
 Initially after getting this set up in the back yard , I was only seeing dead moths clinging to it , so I was wondering if it was attracting mosquitoes . Ground cover was present under where the lamp was located and I decided to lay an old piece of bubble wrap on top of it to see if any dead mosquitos accumulated . Sure enough , in the morning , there was a small pile of them . I now see some on the lamp itself . So , my experience indicates it really does work.I did not hear zapping during the day , even though mosquitoes are out then , so I put it on a timer from dusk till dawn . There might not be enough contrast in light during the day to attract them to the lamp . One comment about the cord - it 's a very thick , hard plastic as opposed to being more rubbery , as with an outdoor extension cord . I take a twist tie and help support the extension cord to the shepard 's hook , when the lamp is plugged in , to help it avoid unplugging from the lamp cord on it 's own . Overall , I 'm very happy with the performance of this Flowtron and it is attractive looking . I keep it about 30 feet from the house and I do n't notice the zapping noise being loud or a bother .
 With the vertical grid , this bug killer is much better at `` self cleaning '' than the previous Stinger that I had , yet it seems to kill as many if not more bugs .
 Originally I was just going to replace the bulb on the cheap bug zapper I had bought at my local home improvement store but thankfully decided to just go ahead and look at some alternatives and see what the reviews were like . In doing so I found that the one I had only had 2-Stars and rightfully so , it had always left me desireing the days of my childhood when we had a good quality bug zapper . So I ordered this one after seeing all of the raving reviews.I got it today and immediately hung it in place , after pluggint it in , it zapped a bug so hard I almost fell off my ladder . I swear this is every bit as good as the originals 25 years ago . This thing is insane , within five minutes it was zap zap zap , no mercy on the bugs , it is hard core!I found myself pulling up a few lawn chairs and watched it for hours striking bugs to the ground ans watching those sparks fly , in fact I named it old sparky after the electric chair we have here in Texas.This will not dissapoint like the ones we see in the local home improvement store .
 We have acreage and horses . This is great with 11/2 acre attraction . We were sick of those horrible smelling fly bags . Plus while we sit outside it keeps us laughing at the zaps .
 Living in south-central Texas , mosquitoes are a fact of life . A very annoying fact of life . So annoying , in fact , that you 'll go to great lengths , and derive a sick pleasure out of doing anything in your power to eradicate the little devils ! Enter the Flowtron BK-80D . Will it get rid of ALL your mosquitoes ? Probably not . But will you have the time of your life , sitting back , drinking a beer , and listening to bugs fry ? You bet!The BK-80D does result in a noticeable decrease in the number of bugs in your outdoor living space . I 've found it works best after sunset , but does seem to reduce the number of bugs -LRB- including flies -RRB- during daylight hours too . I have mixed feeling on the Octenol Mosquito Attractant . I 'm somewhat inclined to think it provides a slight improvement in the number of mosquitoes killed , but I 've not done any real tests to prove this . Regardless , I think the amount of improvement -LRB- if any -RRB- provided by the Octenol Mosquito Attractant is minimal . Whether they 're worth the cost is debatable.The BK-80D is well designed , with most of the dead bugs falling onto the ground . Clean up is minimal . Yes , it does make some noise when it zaps bugs . The amount of noise is in proportion to the number , frequency , and size of bugs zapped . I find the noise soothing , but I suppose some might find it annoying or too loud . I 'd rather know a bug is cooking off on the bug zapper than have the booger bite me.I 've had mine out in the weather and Texas sun for a season now , and it 's still going strong . No complaints here , and strongly recommended if you like to listen to bugs fry !
 For you World War II buffs , if my back yard was the English channel ... the mosquito 's would be theGerman Luftwaffe . Complete Devastation ! I did sustain some casualties -LRB- a couple of bites -RRB- but notlike before . I can actually sit in my back yard and enjoy the night ! I 'm getting teary eyed ... Anyways this is a great product and if you have a BUG problem you have to get this . I did buy thislate in the season but MY GOD the dead bugs filled a bucket I placed underneath the to get a body count.I counted ... ALOT !
 Started killing bugs as soon as I pluged it in , works great , my dogs will not go near it they are afraid of all the zapping , ha .
 This insect-zapper is excellent ; it attracts flying insects and zaps them dead like a charm . I did modify mine by cutting away several of the plastic bars making up the ` cage ' so that larger moths could get through . All in all , a good product and worth the money !
 We have 11 acres , and below us is a swampy area . I ahve had this working for a few months now and i believe it has worked well . At night there is almost no zapping as i think the bug population has been significantly reduced . I did n't put the Octenol in after the first time -LRB- i forgot -RRB- and i think it works ok without it . I would buy again .
 My 5th zapper and the best I have found so far , much less cleaning to make effective . Curious about cost and availability of replacement bulbs . I got poor value results with HD and Lowes / Stinger / mosquito magnet . Best if using a 30 day scent pack BTW way too expensive @ $ 7.00 a pop and few competitive options -RRB- .
 We bought one of these last summer and was so pleased with it , that we had to have another one just like it . Our property is lower ground with tons of mosquitoes . The front yard is 600 feet deep , back about 175 . I would not say it gets rid of them totally , but both units start frying when they are plugged up , and they `` fry '' them all night . Yes , bugs get stuck on the grids , but all I do is very gently rake them off with an ice pick , making sure the unit is unplugged , of course , so I wo n't `` fry '' myself . LOL . We love both our units , and hate to think how bad our infestation here in the deep south would be without these . Would highly recommend to anyone .
 What more csn you ask for ? This product does what it claims to do and does it in spectacular style . As I write this I 'm still listening to the sounds of things not having a good night . I own a lowly Lowe 's bought Stinger 40watt model and this is like comparing a ladyfinger firecracker to an M-80 . Pop goes anything . Yes it may kill friendly bugs , but at 1 A.M. , is there such a thing when you are trying to sit outdoors and have some quiet time ? I 'm ordering 3 more to surround my home . Even during the tropical storm winds we got from T.S. Eduardo in South L.A. it was doing it 's part . Well worth the moneyUpdate 4/3/12 It 's taken 4 years to kill this unit . It has probably killed a few billion bugs in the time I had it . It 's survived tropical storms , very bad wind and rain in daytime due to the dusk to dawn timer kicking on in dark skies . Once while raining sideways it never shorted out while being on even though it looked like a CD in a microwave oven across the killing grid . Ordering the exact same one to replace it . No complaints what so ever about it . It 's the battle tank of bug zappers .
 This zapper is incredible . I had some trepidation because I read zappers are n't very effective with regard to mosquitos but this one certainly is . It kills hundreds of bugs each night and they drop effortlessly through the bottom . A well-made , well-designed product that gets results .
 Love this thing . Nothing more satisfying than the sound `` Zzzzzzzz '' of another fly meeting its end . Highly recommended - One weekend we were eating on our Patio and flies were constantly landing on our food etc. . After hanging this thing the flies are a thing of the past . ZZZZZZZZZZ
 I have a ring of 5 of these , all at about 100 yards from the house -LRB- I live in woodland with low lying water -RRB- . Does it completely stop mosquitos bugging me on my deck - well no , but it really reduces the numbers to a tolerable level and I have a low tolerance of bugs.I find it very satisfying sitting on my deck at dusk hearing the little zaps and knowing that each one is a fried bug : - -RRB- The only down side is that every two days I have to clean the buggs off the metal grill so more can get in to the zapper and this is only because it zaps so many bugs :--RRB- From the 5 units I collected over a pint of bug bits when cleaning the devices in one week ! Yeah I like it ! I have had no problmes with two months of continuous use -LRB- 24/7 -RRB- in my garden .
 Night and day difference between this and the Stinger . The Flowtron doesnt get clogged as easily like the Stinger model does and has larger slots to let the bigger bugs in.The grid is also configured better . With the stinger model I had the bugs could fly through the grid . The Flowtron smokes them all .
 This product kick @ $ $ . I bought it and got it the next day with Amazon Prime . I bought the pole also . I setup it up about 30 feet away from my patio . I put in the Mosquito bait also . As soon as after dark . I started hearing this zapping sound . I am sitting on my patio drinking a six pack bug free watching the little suckers getting zapped . It DOES attract the Mosquitos you have to installed the bait at the bottom tray . The only thing that concern me is that I am not too comfortable leaving it the whole night becasue it might rain . although I am using a pretty solid out door extension cord , I unplugged it when i know that the rain is coming .
 The flowtron Insect killer is extremely well designed and fabricated . It is far superior in operation than its competitor 's model . I would highly recommend this device .
 This bug wacker is doing the job . It was bought at a very reasonable cost .
 I love this zapper . It got rid of all kinds of pesky buggers . Fast delivery . Very easy to clean . Fun to watch . Best of all it keeps themosquito 's away and draws all other bugs to it . `` What a relief ''
 I bought the Flowtron BK-80D 80-Watt , 1-1/2 - Acre Electronic Insect Killerand it works like a charm . We could not open our front door without letting in a bunch of mosquitoes . Installed the flowtron and now there are not any bugs around . We can even set on our porch now and watch the world go by without having to spray our selves with off.We had one we bought at wall mart and it worked good also but you have to clean it everyday because of the way it is built and it only worked for one year . This one you do not have to clean every day or even every week.It has vertical wires that let the bugs fall out.This is the bug killer to get.Marvin
 After dark , I absolutely love this product . The very first day we used it , I noticed that we could actually be outside by the pool and not get eaten alive.During dusk is a different story . Whenever the sun is up , this product does not attract the mosquitoes . I do n't know if the octenol just is n't working , if it 's just my area , or what . If you live in Florida and the sun is currently up until 8:30 pm , then this is a big deal . My wife likes to sit on the porch swing between 6:30 and 7:30 . The Flowtron will not get the bugs at this time of the day . Around 8:15 as it gets darker , the bug machine gets very active and they leave us alone.If you live in another part of the country where the sun goes down sooner , this will not be an issue for those of you wanting to use it after work . After dark , it 's great .
 I did my homework before I purchased the Flowtron , looking into devices that used propane which is thought to generate the `` ultimate lure '' . While these expensive units seem like the ideal solution reading reviews on these killing machines changed my mind . First off , while they are very effective when new , they do n't stay that way and do n't seem to hold up , and for $ 500 a pop they should have a long life . But that is only the beginning , with the high cost of propane today combined with an intensive maintance factor I settled on the Flowtron . It is extreemly effective and so far the only negative is the hundreds of dead insects that have to be cleaned every day . I would highly recommend the 80 watt model and I just leave it on all the time . Best of all I can now eat outdoors on my patio without being bothered by the flying pests.Marvin
 The unit arrived quickly and in good shape . Amazon always impresses me with their delivery and service . That 's why I keep coming back . As for this product ... it kills lots of flying bugs including mosquitos , moths , and anything else that flies into it . I have to use my leaf blower at least once each week to blow dead bugs off the electric grid wires . My expecations may not be as great as some buyers , but if it kills any mosquitos at all . . it 's better than none . The flying bug population appears to have decreased around my back door ; I located the unit about 50 feet away from the door . The unit is well built . I am very satisfied with the unit .
 You will definitely like this bugger if you are looking for an electric plug in for a wide area . Got this for a present for my parents who have woods behind their house , and live in the country . They put it half way out into their back yard not far from where they sit out and from the house and it has made a tremendous difference . I would n't hesitate to buy this item again , and it was a fantastic price .
 Works just as expected , although I have n't used the mosquito `` bait '' yet . Have n't felt the need to ... yet . This certainly has seemed to have cut down the bugs in the back yard . Front yard -LRB- of my 1/2 acre property -RRB- still has a lot of bugs so I 'm not sure about the claim that it has a one acre range . Other than that I am satisfied with my purchase .
 Holy cow ! Bought the Stinger -LRB- out of convenience -RRB- even though everybody told me no and let 's just say that after 7 days and < 10 dead bugs - no mosquitos - I took it back . MyFlowtron BK-80D 80-Watt , 1-1/2 - Acre Electronic Insect Killerarrived Friday and after plugging it in the thing would n't stop zapping . Interestingly , I hung it 20 ' from my Stinger through the weekend and it was a hands down victory for the Flowtron . In fact , we 're getting a second one for the other side of the yard . Only con is that we have an extension cord running across the backyard .
 My husband and I recently moved to a very rual area between two national forest in NCA and were being eaten alive by bugs of all kinds . We purchased two of these units and it has made a significant reduction in the bug problem for us . We would suggest this to anyone who has a bug problem and enjoys the outdoors .
 On behalf of bug zappers , I am well aware that bug zappers do not attract mosquitoes . The zappers do eliminate other pest though . Look at moths and how they damage crops or gardens ! There 's a few points for the bug zappers . I might add that the flowtron bk-40 puts on a good show though . I have had one for three years now and it has been trouble free and clog free . I have a flowtron BK 80 coming for immediate use in the back yard patio area . I am a believer in a good product when I see it , and flowtron BK 40 is a good product , and controls other pests dispite the claims out against bug zappers in general .
 I have used Flowtron Products for years . This year coud n't find one locally , and purchased another brand ! Lated one month andhad to replace the Bulb . The new bulb lasted less than a month.Total cost was twice that of a Flowtron BK-40 . The Flowtron BK-40 will last `` one year '' 24-7 year around . Like a car , weatherand age takes it 's toll . But you 'll need to clean the deadcritters off every other week . Finally , found a Flowtron onAmazon . Thanks , No critters around my house , big or small !
 This newly designed vertical bar type of electrodes is SOOOO much better than the old cross-hatched system which was always plugging up with dead insects and either catching fire or becoming non-functional until the bug sludge was removed . Now , the dead insects just fall harmlessly to the ground below . Great product , great price -LRB- free shipping with Amazon -RRB- and very fast shipping . Thanks much for making a wet summer in Oklahoma almost bug-free !! Update on July 26 , 2009
 does what it says . attracts them all and kills them all leaving food for the frogs ... . great entertainment too !! i placed this off to the side / rear of the yard.keeps them away from the patio.bought one for each child 's backyard when they moved in their new houses.all are hung on a shepherd 's hook bought for $ 12 at home depot.LOVE IT !!
 Most of the commonly-available bug zappers use an inside-outside set of wire mesh `` killing grids . '' This presents problems in actually killing the insects . The large space between the concentric rings actually gives too much room , and insects end up spending a lot of `` play time '' in the zapper . My other zappers ended up creating more of an amusement park for the bugs than anything else.I went in search of alternate-bar -LRB- narrow gap -RRB- killing grids and found Flowtron . Of course , Amazon had pretty much the best price anywhere so I ordered it here . Quick shipping , well-packed , and -LRB- best of all -RRB- it works well ! Bye-bye mosquitoes !
 For all the negatives , I am giving it 4 stars because it does it job so well.Pros : - It does it job well.Cons : - Power cord is not even a foot long . You will always need an extension.-Loud , but I do n't know any effective zappers without that kind of noise especially when it get bigger insects-It does not have a pan to catch the insects so expect to see a little mess at the foot of the zapper.-Not a very attractive design
 It kills a lot of misquitos , but needs to be shaken on a regular basis to get rid of them . I 'm not sure if there is any way to design it so that it kills just as many bugs and not need so much cleaning . Also , the cord is really really really really really short .
 Product came completely assembled and ready to go . I installed in on a circuit controlled by a photo electric eye so it is on only on at night . It controls flying insects very well .
 This unit WORKS !!! We actually used this for several months before reviewing ; it eliminated swarms of gnats , masses of mosquitoes , and lots of other pests . We live near rice fields and multiple streams with lots of mosquitoes . We went several weeks without a bug zapper and it only took one night using this unit to see a real difference . In prior years we had used another brand with a grid that clogged frequently and required disassembly to clean . The Flowtron still needs some cleaning , swarming gnats will clog it , but canned air or using a compressor does the job . We have yet to see a single `` beneficial '' insect in the piles on the ground , but it also does n't attract the yellow jackets . The cord is very short , you will need an outdoor extension cord , and I recommend an `` on at dusk , off when you want '' controller .
 Wonderful for killing bugs , works great , made well and this is a darn good price . I check around alot and the price here was the best andthe free shipping clinched the deal !
 I purchased this product after reading reviews on it and how it worked . I am still ammazed at how good it actually works . I 've since purchased 6 more units for other family members whom all have cottages around ours and now we 're almost mosquito free . It ' first night out was something to see as it almost disappeared in a cloud of bugs and left us bug free 50 ' away . Great product !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a great bug killer , My last Flowtron lasted 15 years , hope this one will also . easy to clean also .
 Have had this for tooth days ... so far so bueno ! It killing the bugs and zapping them goodhaaa !!! Me love it so far ...
 UPDATE 6-Apr-09Since first using the unit , we went through a period when we were not having many mosquitos , so we discontinued use . However , over the last 2 weeks , we have had an influx and I decided to plug it back in this weekend . I used a new Octenol cartridge , but after about 5 mins of it being on , mosquitos were still buzzing about my legs !! I decided to add a second cartridge , but that made no difference . Hmmm . The unit remained on for about 3 hours last night and I saw no real reduction in the number of mosquitos buzzing around on either the inside or outside of the house.Worked well last time , but now it is dissapointing . ================================================= We live in Barbados and during the last couple of months , we have had lots of rain . And with rain comes plenty of mosquitos . I would spray the dark spots in the house where the critters hide before I left home in the morning in an attempt to have a peaceful evening . It turned out to be just a waste of bug-killer . I bit the bullet and bought the unit and received the Flowtron on Saturday . After adjusting the ring that it hangs from -LRB- it seemed that it pull through the hook that I was going to hang it from -RRB- , I placed it under our back porch.That evening was such a difference . As soon as I turned it on , I heard the buzzs and zaps of all the curious insects and apart from one or two errant critters , the whole house was mosquito-free . The true test came in the morning , when we are sure to have a couple buzzing around our ears ... nothing !! And we got the same results on Sunday and Monday . I should have purchased this long ago !! This unit seems well built and is highly recommended !!
 I bought this late in the year so I do n't have too much I can say since it is now winter time . The unit is very simple and straightforward . It 's just what you expect from a bug zapper . Hang it up , plug it in and watch the fireworks . No problems.As usual for Amazon , the product arrived in a timely manner via free saver shipping .
 Bought my first unit 4 years ago . Liked it so much , I bought a second . Great price at Amozon.com .
 The Flowtron bug zapper works very well -- I may have to get another one for the front ! We have a very shady yard with low spots in the back , so the mosquitoes are terrible . We wanted the Flowtron because we wanted the mosquito bait , and it really invites them in . A few days after we first put the zapper up in the back yard , my son & I were able to play on the back patio for over an hour before the mosquitoes started heading for us instead of the zapper . We 're usually lucky to get 5-10 minutes before we start slapping , so this was a real treat . We love the Flowtron !
 This product does what its meant to do . I just plugged it in and it started reducing the mosquito and flying bug population .
 The Flowtron Model BK15D is ideal for the typical backyard . The vertical electric grill is self cleaning . I also have a competitor 's electronic insect killer and it has a mesh grill that I have to clean every two weeks . I will be purchasing another Flowtron for my other home that I go to on the weekends .
 Good product and quick turn around time to replace the last one.Thanks .
 Oh my doG , it kills `` Japanese '' -LRB- aka European -RRB- hornets ! ` nuff said . This unit is awesome .
 This product worked better then expected . Everytime I walk outside at night , I hear nothing but bugs being zapped consistently . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 This is a good product for the money , although this was purchased as a replacement for the same exact model . The last one we had lasted 11/2 seasons before it stopped working -LRB- running 10 hours/night for 4 months -RRB- . Will use the new bulbs in this one to see if the problem was the bulbs burning out or some other part that stopped working in the last one before ordering new parts and paying for shipping !
 We had a yellowjacket nest under our porch and tried several things to get rid of them . Did n't want to spray them as they could possibly get very angry and find a way into our house -LRB- old 1800 's -RRB- . Borrowed a `` Stinger '' bug zapper to set it in front of the entrance hole . Waste of time ! Zapper was made so that the bees would have to land on the zapper , crawl thru the tiny opennings , fly over to the first screen wire electrode , land on it , crawl thru the screen , then crawl over to the second screen wire electrode which looked to be about 3/8 '' away , and make sure they were touching both screens before getting zapped . All it accomplished was to get them mad!Read up on the Flowtron which is made with alternating vertical rods for electrodes and closer togather than the screen was in the first unit . Thought it might work so I ordered it . When it came , I cut out some of the grill so the yellowjackets could fly thru it instead of having to crawl thru like the Stinger , set it out , and the fireworks began ! This thing rocks , like ... ZAPPPP ! ... ZZZZZZZzzzzzz ... smoke ... . flames ... . no more bees !!!!! I would n't suggest you set this thing in a hay loft or such ! It 's a very serious bug zapper , and this one is the smallest one they sell ! Most of the dead insects fall to the bottom -LRB- what 's left of them -RRB- , so it really is easier to clean . And notice that I said `` easier '' , not `` no clean-up ever '' . If you 're too lazy to clean it out once in a while , you probably do n't need a bug zapper of any make ! Get a fly swatter or something!I highly recommend this unit but stress a little caution where you place it . It 's much easier to clean than the first piece of crap I borrowed and worked much better !
 i live in deep woods , this light is the best investment ever ... i can enjoy my backyard now
 Look ma , no bugs ! Well , not exactly , because bug propagation is nearly endless , but sure enough every night no less than hundreds of bugs meet their demise at the Flowtron motel
 Have my Flowtron up and working for about 2 weeks now . I have placed a bucket under unit to collect the dead bugs ! So far it is working better than the Stinger unit I previously owned -LRB- only lasted two seasons until the generator system fried ! -RRB- . Time will tell if it outlasts the Stinger , but so far I am pleased with the construction and results . Current weather conditions in PA. have resulted in higher than normal Mosquito populations and the collection in my bucket shows they are being zapped ! I hope the bulb replacement is infrequent !
 Unit I ordered stopped working after a few days due to transformer failure . Returned unit for a full refund and then turned around and repurchased another one . New unit working very well so far . When insects are very active , this thing rocks
 My first to zappers had to 15 W florescent lamps at self-supporting and a metal outer cage which I always took off so the bugs can fly right up to the zapper and slide down those rails . And I install the photocell of my first one so it came on automatic at night and off in the morning . And it killed millions of bugs , and then the birds would come in and clean the area . But now the new plastic cages and the U tubes are held in by the plastic outside cover so now I use tie wraps to hold the lamp in and that allows the bugs to fly right up to the rails . To be electrocuted And falloff . I have some large mouths that are too large to crawl through the cage to be electrocuted . And the desert without much water around we are not concerned with mosquitoes . So as it stands at the present time the inside parts and how it works is great , but for me the outside cage to be eliminated .
 the item i give 5 stars ... but they delivered it with one bulb smashed because they had it in the zapper already instead of wrapping seperate . i ordered early july and still waiting on a replacement bulb from them , luckily got another bulb expedited out of pocket as soon as i saw the smashed bulb . so , service gets 1 star . besides that the zapper is a destroyer , very pleased with it
 We 've noticed a significant drop in the mosquito population -- have even been out several evenings without putting on mosquito repellent . We 've had an especially bad year for mosquitoes with an extra wet spring -- this was definitely a good purchase .
 I love the Flowtron Bug killer . I own three and they are several years old and still working . Highly reccomend .
 I set this up in my back yard because my house backs up to 285 in Atlanta GA and there is a nice barrier of trees and bushes that do n't get cut between my yard and highway , and has become a breeding ground for insects . And also because of the freakishly warm winter there is also an influx of flies and mosquitos . I have n't been able to spend much time outside , but now the tide has turned . After just 3 days I can notice a difference in the amount of bugs flying around . There are still a few , but they are a very few in number -LRB- probably on their way to the bright light -RRB- . The only thing is when you plug it in , you may here a loud popping noise , coming from the charged metal grate . I think it is dust or something , I jumped when I heard it . I has worked fine ever since -LRB- I leave it plugged in -RRB- . Also I can even hear it during the day time zapping bugs .
 It was great to see `` Proudly Made in the USA '' on the boxes -LRB- I ordered 3 , for the front & back of the house and the garage -RRB- . I put one in the garage last night and this morning saw that all the insects that could have potentially flown into the house when we opened the door were toasted to perfection.USA ! USA ! USA !
 The Flowtron seemed to be the zapper with the best reviews out there . Consistently better than the other brands . Some people seem to have issues with these , but I have n't had any . It seems like with most reviews most of the negative comments are people just using the things incorrectly , others just have bad luck . I installed this with the Flowtron pole . It is like a beacon in the night . Kind of neat and adds to the ambiance of a backyard BBQ . It works great you hear it snapping a way , then occasionally you 'll get a huge moth or something that gets in there and just lights that thing up . You 'll see smoke and sometimes a little flame . Sometimes they stink . I 'm not sure why some people do n't notice hardly any kills . After you plug it in , you do n't get instant kills , it takes a bit for bugs to get confused and start heading toward it . But after about 20 minutes of it being on you start getting kills.Here are some things to remember .1 . Keep it away from people . The insects swarm to this thing , so if you are anywhere near it you are getting swarmed to . If you hang out in-between the zapper and the bugs they will buzz you on the way to the light . Stay away and stay out of the path .2 . I do n't think that 1 zapper will take away every bug in your yard . It will make your yard more comfortable as the bugs care more about the light than they do you , but it ca n't be 100 % . I recommend using something like a back yard spray , or Citronella Tiki Torches around the yard to add an extra layer or protection .3 . Use a proper extension cord . Do n't modify a cord to make it work , this can cause shorts and kill the zapper and/or the bulb .4 . I got the Flowtron pole for this . So it puts my zapper pretty high up , I 'm not for sure how high , but I 'd say 8-10 feet high is probably where mine is . I used the height of the pole when I accounted for the 25 ' distance from people .5 . I do n't leave mine out 24x7 . Maybe you are supposed to , but I do n't like leaving it when it 's raining or very windy . I do n't want to kill it . So I bring it in unless there absolutely no chance of rain or high winds . I would recommend a timer so that it does n't run all day , or use a solar sensor so that it will only turn on during the evening . This will extend your bulb life .
 It stopped working in the first week . Amazon had me return it and a new one is on it 's way .
 This bug zapper works GREAT !!!! Had 1 with a purple light from Home Depot which I returned as it did nothing . I ordered this , keeping my fingers crossed , and it has been wonderful ! We do n't even use a scent packet . Hopefully it keeps working for years ! Would definitely recommend this to anyone !
 So far so good . It has been doing it 's job . I am very happy with this product . This is something I told my friend to buy .
 We 've had our zapper about one month . It seems to be eliminating a huge number of mosquitoes and gnats in our FL panhandle one-acre yard . On some mornings I have found the unit completely covered with fried insects . I simply blow them off with the little shop vacuum in reverse .
 If you 're searching for a small area bug zapper -- order it and be happy . We refer to ours as the murder machine -- it has killed countless little critters and will continue to do so . Grab a couple hooks from the hardware store to hang the light and route an extension cord cleanly and plug it in whenever you want to hear bugs being zapped mercilessly . I havent used the mosquito bait yet but plan to if -LRB- when -RRB- they get really bad.Very happy with this product and recommend it to anyone I come across !
 First thing I noticed is the quality of the materials used . Looks very sturdy and durable . It worked very well zapping all sorts of un desirable insects all summer . It does a great job of luring insects in and finishing the job.Make sure you keep the element and grid clean of insect carcasses . If you let the dead bodies pile on there the Flowtron could catch fire !! But it also will be less efficient at killing insects if you let it go too long . Although with as much juice as this thing delivers , I doubt that would be an issue . I cleaned mine as needed with the air compressor blower nozzle . Canned air works well too , the kind you would use to blow out computers or electronics.I left mine out all summer , only taking it down to clean . I brought it indoors during the winter months and stored it in the original box . It is worth holding onto for this reason.Thats pretty much it . I also recommend using a timer on this for further ease of use .
 Wow , This zapper is great . . Love watching the bugs fry !! Starship Troopers needed one of these . . I can open my backdoor and go intothe yard without getting swarmed and letting all the bugs in.Be sure to place it 15-20 feet away from your house , the bugs will stayaround the zapper and not your porch . . also smells a bit when burningthe big ones .
 One of the things I have read most often about these UV-light attracting bug killers is that they do n't have a very high kill ratio for the desired pests -LRB- particularly mosquitos -RRB- . I have a lot of California Coastal Oaks that have suffered depredations from moth larvae eating the young leaves and if I leave the porch light on for late arriving guests they have to fight through a cloud of moths to get to the door.Since plugging a couple of these 15W Flowtrons in opposite corner areas of our lot , there have hardly been any moths crowding the front porch light and no larvae on the leaves yet.Perfect performance ! And easy to set up
 I reviewed many other products before selecting this one . I put it in the back of my yard and it just works . I wish it was n't soo loud when it zaps the bugs or a bug gets stuck in it , but I guess that 's part of the program.I usually end up turning it on and setting up a bunch of torch lamps and other items , so combined it works . Have had it for two seasons and have n't changed the bulb . Hopefully replacing the bulb wo n't be an issue .
 I 've had this for a while and it does work . It 's not a 100 % zapper , but I would rate it at 75 % . It does help keep the bugs away , but not all . Good for the price . I think it would work better in a much smaller area .
 Had this style before and used it for many years and took some time before we found one . When we did could not pass it up .
 I love the Flowtron 1/2 acre bug zapper . It is my new best friend . It keeps the bugs away from me so that I can work without being pestered . I hear the zapper frying pests . Occasionally I 've witnesed knats lined-up on the wall just waiting their turn to go ` in ' . Since I 've started using the Flowtron bug zapper , the population of flying pests has diminished . It 's a wonderful product . I plug it in whenever there 's a bug inside , and I use it every night in the barn while doing chores . I initially bought it for fleas in the house but I ca n't comment whether it works for that or not . I do n't know if fleas go to the light . But regardless , it 's my new best friend and we go to the barn together and work each evening . I bring it inside again each night because I do n't want it to get filled up with cobwebs and barn dust . I just ordered one for my daughter and her husband as a Christmas gift ! shhhhhh !
 I actually purchased this Bk 80D from Walmart . This price was about $ 66 . I have had it sitting on top of the bar beneath my deck on the bottom patio . So far so good . I have had it running continuously for 2 nights . I have seen lots of dead moths . Unfortunately a few lightning bugs as well :--LRB- however it works . I actually purchased this more so to kill mosquitoes . I ca n't tell if there are any mosquitoes in there or not but the moths are more obvious to identify being that they are bigger . I have not mounted it yet for the simple fact I wanted to see approximately how many bugs it was killing . It appears to be at least around 50 in 2 nights . To be honest I have n't seen any mosquitoes period since I bought this ... perhaps they knew what was coming !
 The Flowtron insect killer works very well to keep mosquitos under control . I have it installed just below the edge of my deck and it seems to attract the bugs before they get on the deck area , making outdoors in the late evening much more enjoyable and safer from the West Nile virus . Good buy .
 This item was purchased for use in Florida after TS Debbie dropped more than 20 inches of rain . Poultry and livestock were completely devestated by mosquitoes . This `` zapper '' worked great . So great in fact that it had to be manually cleaned 3x/daily . Would recommend this to anyone . My recommendation would be to buy two if you have a full half + acre . One placed at each end is amazing in its efficiency .
 The Flowtron seems to kill a lot of larger bugs , it is as described in the ad . However I bought this product mostly for mosquitos and they are still as annoying as ever .
 this is a good old time . we call it a `` redneck pastime '' . if you like not having bugs , it will do the trick . but if you want something fun going on the background its also pretty nifty too
 We liked this flowtron . It is extremely bright but very effective . It illuminates the whole yard if you are sensitive to brightness think about getting a smaller unit . If our yard was n't as big as what we have now we would have gone with the 40w . It kills a lot of mosquitos , so far so good we have had it for about a month now and we are satisfied .
 Give this product 5 starts . have had it for about 2 months . works much better than Stinger brand . It is worth the extra money . Went through 3 Stinger brand one 's in 2 years . The Flowtron appears to be built much better . Also unlike the Stinger one that I had to clean out every couple days this one is self cleaning . Hav n't had to clean it yet it just cleans its ' t self . If you are considering the Stinger DONT BUY IT peace of crap . Added a timer to the flowtron to start at dusk and it works great .
 This product does a wonderful job at decreasing the number of bugs in my yard . Before we got this we could not go outside without being surrounded by bugs . But now my toddler can play outside without having to worry . However , the plastic grate around the outside is a little small for some of the bigger bugs .
 We have less than a quarter of an acre in town , but are in a small town , so all the farming around us brings tons of bugs . We had a cheap Walmart one before that worked ok before it died after a year . This one keeps almost all of the annoying bugs gone . I 'm sure our neighbors like not having so many bugs . You can hear it zapping big bugs . We clipped out every other line in the grid so the bigger bugs could get through . We have had it for over a year and it 's still going strong . If anything happens for some reason , I will come back to update . Make sure you keep it away from the house , though . Definitely recommend !
 Love this product ! Was replacing a similar product from the same manufacturer that died after about 15 years of continual Summer use . The product we had was for a half acre , which is about what we have , but we decided to go bigger . While we know that bigger is n't always better , we purchased the 11/2 acre model . Now we 're even zapping our neighbors bugs ! We had a large party outdoors last week and no one mentioned that they were being bitten . As the evening went on it seemed to just get better ! NO BUGS !!
 We have owned our Flowtron BK-80D 80-Watt Electronic Insect Killer , 1-1/2 Acre Coverage for a couple of months now . Delivery was quick and we were able to put it into use within minutes . We were replacing a very old `` bug zapper '' that had served us well , but finally died . This unit is so superior that I wish we would have ordered it much sooner . It not only does a great job , but having it work silently has been a true blessing to our neighbor 's dog . We can comfortably sit outside in the evenings without having to use repellent or smelly candles.Our property is joined on two sides by wooded pastures that have cattle on them . Bugs are plentiful.The unit is described accurately . We had a slight clogging issue when fairly new , but cleaned it quickly by using a leaf blower . We no longer have clogging problems ; I think it just needed a break-in period.I highly recommend this product and if you are like us and have an older unit -LRB- ours was 25-30 years old -RRB- , spend the bux enjoy the improved technology and efficiency that this unit provides . It really works and the silence is priceless .
 PROS
 I bought two different types to see which of the two would work best . I have a BlackFlag and the Flowtron.The BlackFlag is completely clogged every morning so it definitely works . The Flowtron , however does not clog up . How do I know it works then ? The piles and piles of dead bugs sitting underneath looks kind of like an ant hill or sawdust pile.It 's a wonderful tool and I LOVE hearing the zapping sound , which is fairly noisy ha ha .
 My husband and I love these things ! We now have 2 , placed on either side of the house , such that they catch bugs from either direction before reaching us on the porch . Although we can simply relocate them if needed , we still may purchase a few more - one to put back by the garage , and one by the back door . I do n't care for the octenol packs however , as I can smell them and they seem to choke me up a bit -LRB- they do n't affect my husband -RRB- . However the light works so well , I 'm not sure they are needed .
 Had about an acre with a creek at the back and always had trouble with mosquitos . Got this and took care of the problem . Just make sure you read the directions on where to position .
 I bought this zapper on a whim . I saw an article on Yahoo homepage . I should know better.This thing works as well as any other . However , I saw one that had the same coverage at Walmart a couple days after receiving this one . It was about half the price . My Bad .
 If you want to see a product that will do the job , buy the Flowtron BK-80D Insect Killer . I have a timer on mine that turns on at 9 PM and off at 3 AM . We put it about 25 feet from our porch and we now enjoy our evenings outside while we hear our normal flies , nats , and other flying insects being zapped . I use every night and see no power bill increase . Very good buy !! Happy Birthday Bobby Waddell !!!
 We live on the second floor of a condo . We have two Shih Tzus that are wee wee pad trained . The dog 's potty area is the patio/balcony . Because of this I need to keep the slider cracked so that they can get out and do their business.This spring the flys and mesquitoes were becoming a bother inside our unit . I was getting several bites everyday for a few weeks.I am happy to report in the month or so since turning on the Flowtron 45 my bug problem is almost gone . No more bug bites while sitting in my living room , and only the occasional fly makes it in my home.This gizzmo has been a game changer in my household , and I have to admit , the snapping , zapping noise and the dead bugs that I must sweep up are very much welcomed additions to our home.I can not comment on how well this product will work in a traditional back yard , in a part of the country that has more bugs . But if you are in Arizona and your back yard is a balcony , two big tumbs up !!
 I got this zapper for the increase of flying insects that looks like red ants with wings . -LRB- I love it ! -RRB- It 's zapping away ! I placed this item a little away from the house and next to a tree -LRB- where I know they are hanging out -RRB- . Get this if you have moth and flying ant problems !
 Very satisfied with the electronic insect killer . It was also received in a short amount of time .
 We have used this for approximately 5 months now . It works well in killing mosquitoes . I 'm guessing it probably kills a lot of other bug types too , maybe some good ones?I 'm not to worried as long as the mosquitoes stay dead . I forgot that I turned it off for a day and went out the day after it had been off and was bitten twice within 5 minutes , so I know it is doing something when it is on.I have not used the included mosquito attractant yet and it seems to work fine at attracting mosquitoes .
 I live in SW Florida . At times , flies and mosquitoes swarm in through open outside doors . This zapper is effective when I use several of them as a night light when it is dark and we are through with the non-bedroom areas.I am now buying another one to use as a night light in my bedroom . I place them away from me to not attract bugs to me . this also saves me electricity costs .
 This Flowtron 80 watt Electronic Insect Killer is a heavy duty unit . It is solid and does n't short out whenever it zaps a bad guy . I 'm impressed .
 It works as advertised . The mosquitos flock to it after dark and do n't have much of a chance afterward . ; -RRB-
 Still killing bugs after 3 years with no bulb change . All i 've had to do is clean it and wipe the bulb . I bet if I change the bulb the performance would go back to how it was brand new .
 Bought it from Amazon , so far so good . Although it has n't completely eliminated mosquitos from my back and front yard -LRB- due to just too much of them around -RRB- , but it sure killed a lot of mosquitos every night , in an envirnomentally friendly way . My mother placed a bowl of water underneath the bug zapper and the next day , we saw about 30-70 dead mosquitos floating on the water surface along with a douzen moths or flies or some other insects . The actual amount of mosquitos got killed may even be more given that some of them just got blasted that may have bounced off into the bushes around and never quite fell into the bowl of water below . Have n't had the chance to order mosquito attractant replacement yet but the device itself has sure survived two heavy rains falls . We bought an iron stake from Home Depot for $ 12 so the lamp can be placed anywhere where mosquitos infests . It was also a source of entertainment for the family the beginning few days , just hearing how many mosquitos/or other insects getting zapped . I would definitely recommend the entire village -LRB- including neighbors -RRB- to purchase this item so that we could all together reduce the mosquitos in the area . Last year the village spent a great deal of money getting insecticides in an attempt to kill the mosquitos and prevent West-Niles virus . If they could just provide everybody a rebate for purchase this item , then we would 've effectively controlled the mosquitos without introducing any health hazards to the children who love to play in the garden nor those residents who love to grow veges and fruits in the backyard .
 This bug zapper works great . So good that I have n't heard any bugs around for the past day . The only reason I gave it four stars is because it came to me broken . The starter was blown when I opened it . I e-mailed their customer service and they sent me another one within 4 days . All they asked for was an e-mailed copy of my amazon reciept .
 I 've only used for a month or so and not during any outdoor parties but it seems to attract really well and is n't as noisy as I thought it would be .
 We live in an area in Northern Illinois with LOTS of mosquitos as soon as it warms up . Our problem was we were being bitten at night , while asleep . The zapper was installed in one corner of our living room ... immediate results . The zapping noise can be a little startling , but boy-howdy , does this thing work . All sorts of little flying things are caught up in the device . We have caged birds in the house so insecticides are verboten . We even had some stray yellowjackets get in the house ... took care of them too . Highly recommended .
 This thing really fries them ! I ca n't really tell how many mosquitoes fly into it , but it sure stays busy all night long !
 I bought the zapper because my yard was filled with mosquitoes and other annoying bugs . I also live near a creek so that just makes things even worse . I received the Flowtron and it works just as others described in the reviews . The Electronic bug zapper works like a charm . Everything about the product was excellent with the exception of the metal zapper surrounding the light . One of the screws was missing so it was hanging to one side . This was probably due to the poor QA after the assembly . Aside from that everything else was great ! I would recommend this product to those who needs to rid themselves of annoying bugs around the house .
 Our half-acre property backs up to a creek that serves as a breeding ground for mosquitoes . This year was particularly bad due to intermittent rain that continued until late in the spring . I even considered moving away because we could n't enjoy the yard even in the middle of the afternoon . In desperation , I bought the Flowtron on May 10 . I also bought a 40 ' extension cord -LRB- which turned out to be too short to run from the house , along the edge of the deck , and 25 ' away from the deck -RRB- , a timer and a water-tight cord lock to keep rainwater out of the connection between the Flowtron and the extension cord . The timer is set to go on and off at dawn and at dusk , and it works like a charm . I have seen only ONE MOSQUITO in the last two-and-a-half months . We have two little dogs -LRB- Papillons -RRB- that run near the Flowtron and are not bothered by the sound of the zapping or smell of the attractant .
 Recieved Electronic Insect Killer in short order . Unpacked and installed in minutes . Everything working perfect . This is my second one , great item .
 I have this for a few weeks and it works great . It is zapping non stop every night . It gets all kinds of bugs except gnats and flies . Gnats are too small for the grid , but that is okay , I think it is a trade off for not clogging the grid . I guess flies sleep at night and are attracted to the light ?
 Decided to purchase the larger version for my backyard , even though it 's much smaller than 1.5 acres . We do n't have a big mosquito problem , but the few that we had were annoying . They were all gone within a few days of plugging this thing in . I keep it on at all hours , but I plan to put it on a timer so that it 's on only from late afternoon until morning . I just wish yellowjackets were attracted to the light !
 This device worked better than I had expected on the serious fly problem we encountered this year . Although its mosquito repellent abilities were not as effective as the damage it did to our fly population , I can highly recommend this product .
 I can not say enough about the Flowtron BK-40d . As I read in reviews prior to my purchase the moment I plugged it in ZAP . I 'm considering buying a few as presents for friends I visit during the summer . It will not disappoint .
 this 11/2 acre bug zapper is fabulous . it works great . very effective . i love hearing zap , zap , zap killing those bugs . runs on very low electricity wattage . also makes for a great yard light at night . nothing else works as well killing those mosquitos .
 Had it in my yard for a couple weeks , but I noticed it was n't helping to keep bugs from crawling into my pool to die , so I tossed it in there to clear out all the dead earwigs and bees and it stopped working .
 This is my second flowtron insect killer . I would not be with out it . This product is hanging in my garage.It is ammazing how many flying insects it zaps everyday .
 This product just needs a longer cord , but that is easily fixed with an extension cord . Overall , it works great !
 I knew this product - my friend having same one , only on 1/4 acre . Tip for buyers
 i got this to cut down the moth population.it works.i planted about 1 acre of corn and this helps cut down on other bugs as well .
 Works as expected , bugs love it , and it loves them right back ... Plastic construction seems kind of flimsy , and I made sure to locate it where it wo n't get our blistering Arizona sun , but does the job .
 So far so good . It 's suppose to zap the bugs and it does . Much nicer sitting on the deck in the evening without all those pesky bugs buzzing in your ears .
 Works great , kills lot 's of bugs . Zap , dead.Just as described , need to have a three pronged extension cord additionally .
 I bought this hoping to kill mosquitoes . I plugged it in and watched the beautiful zapping . After a few nights of this , I did some research and found that 99 percent of those zaps were useful bugs . I decided to return it after killing hundreds of useful bugs in my yard and maybe ... maybe a mosquito or two .
 This is the second mosquito control device we have purchased . The first was ridiculous . It claimed to simulate the human heart beat as an attractant . The piece of junk went to the landfill . This item really works .
 I bought this item because we were infiltrated with a large number of mosquitos and needed to do something , since the city was n't . It worked , but it became clogged up with more moths than mosquitos . We feel it has helped along with several other things we did to keep them out of the house and yard.Cleaning is difficult , because there 's no way to easily dissassemble it enough to clean the elements .
 I LOVE THE BUG ZAPPER , I HAD IT ON THE BACK DECK , BUT IT WAS TOO LOUD FOR THE DOG , SO I PUT IT AT THE FRONT PORCH AND USED THE LURE PACK AND HAVE NOT HAD PROBLEMS WITH INSECTS AT THE BACK DECK , TO MY SURPRISE , THE LIGHT ATTRACTS INSECTS FROM THE BACK DECK TO THE FRONT PORCH , I LOVE IT ! I HAVE AN ACRE OF LAND , SO I VERY MUCH ENJOY THE VIEW AT NIGHT , NOW WITHOUT THE BUGS , BUGGING ME ! I WOULD VERY MUCH RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT , BUT YOU MUST INSTALL IT AWAY FROM WHERE YOU ARE SITTING , WHICH MAKES SENSE BECAUSE OF THE `` ZAPPING '' NOISE .
 This product works great , it does its job but you can purchase this same exact product at walmart for $ 34 only !
 Product is excellent in reducing mosquitoes and other flying insects . I need to order 1 or 2 per year , however because they only last a few months and replacement of bulb does not correct malfunction . With deadly mosquito borne diseases . I feel this product is necessary .
 I love to sit on the front porch and listen to this thing fry me up some skeeters ! I starts with a low steady HUMMMMMMMMMMMMM ... and then ... ZAP !!! This is really a great product and it has rid my front yard of a TON of flying pests . I can play ball in the front yard again with my daughter . YAY !
 after having issues with bulbs short life in a competitor product a few years ago I was hoping that would not be issue with this one.I am very Happy to announce that there have been no issues with this Flowtron unit and I will not hesitate to recommend it over the other unit , replacing the tube in the other brand -LRB- see my other review -RRB- will more the make up the price difference in short order .
 I have gone through many electronic bug killers over the years . I feel this unit is the best of all the ones I have tried . I have had to replace bulbs periodically , but the zapper continues to work well . Not the easiest to clean , but none of them are . Would buy this one again if the current one stops functioning .
 After doing a little research the Flowtron bug zapper performs exactly as I had hoped . It really does a great job . It is well constructed and not too large . It was also a great price .
 Kills most annoying bugs that hang out outside my door waiting to fly in by the light . Does n't seem to decrease mosquito population at all , even while the included mosquito attractant was freshly opened .
 I love this , I have a small backyard , and it works great . We have a lot of small moths , snaps them to their death !! I would recommend .
 This bug killer is lightweight for easy installation , but it 's very effectivekeeping down the mosquitoes at our rural home . Positionedseveral feet away from our entryway , it draws insectsto itself instead of them whooshing in the doorwhen we do . Fitted with the dawn to dusk attachment , it providesan outdoor light when we arrive home after dark . Very pleased withit and just ordered another for the barn .
 I have had a serious mosquito problem at my suburban house in the north east for at least 10 years now - it is probably due to lack of natural predators for the mosquitos . I have tried chemical yard spray - works moderately OK , and even the big expensive propane burning lighted traps -LRB- fan and light both requiring plug in -RRB- but the bugs had taken over . This year was as bad as I can remember in past 20 years . I bought this 40 watt Flowtron based on some good reviews here and I am definitely not disappointed ! I put the device on a tree limb roughly centered on my 1/3 acre lot on a Friday and by the end of the weekend on Monday we noticed a drastic reduction in the mosquito problem . After about 11/2 weeks we are having almost no problem with the little blood suckers . I put it on a light timer set for about 6 hours in the morning and about 6 hours at dusk to try to minimize killing of good insects.I am a very technical scientific minded person , and I could not give credit to anything else besides the Flowtron for dramatically cutting down on the mosquitos . The number of bites I got immediately prior to placing the device was on the order of at least 3 to 4 bites per hour , and after about 4 days of operation , in similar weather and temperature , the bite count went to basically zero per hour . Construction seems good and the grid seems to stay pretty clean just requiring a blast from a leaf blower to clear in out when necessary.I should have bought this thing years ago .
 It is easy to set up and effective within the range . However , would prefer warmer light . Just bought it so do n't know how long the light bulb will last and how much for the replacement bulb .
 There are several different versions of this product , each one for increasingly large areas . This one -- the smallest -- is good for up to half an acre of protection . It 's the perfect size for a large patio or deck and a modest lawn . Some may not like the zapping sound interrupting their nighttime outdoor fun , but it is probably the most environmentally-sensitive way to rid your lawn and patio of bugs . The 15 watts of power needed to run this machine also make it one of the cheapest bug eliminators.One of the great things about this model is unheralded in the list of features Amazon gives . With the addition of an -LRB- included -RRB- strip of UV-activated bait , it 's positively lethal against mosquitos . We 've found it to be much more effective than citronella torches.About the only thing that mars this otherwise excellent device is the need to place it in front of the area you mean to protect . This would typically mean placing it away from a house , not next to it . Depending on your particular site , this can mean using extension cords , which come with their own set of safety issues . Happily , however , this is an extremely energy-efficient device , so it 's definitely not going to break your electricity budget .
 Stinger : Pros - With mosquito lure , killed lotsa bad insects - BUT!Cons - Their electric wire grid uses square wires that QUICKLY clog up . Pretty soon it was packed solid & killing nothing!I had to keep blowing it out -LRB- air compressor -RRB- every couple ofdays - HASSLE!Flowtron BK-80D -LRB- took the wimpy 40w back ! -RRB- - UPDATE-NOTE ! - Spray electrical grid bars with PAM when new for easier cleaning later , but be SURE & remove bulbs FIRST or they will crack.-I tried Carefully spraying Just the bars with water , and ruined the unit -LRB- saved the old bulbs -RRB- ! Pros - Killed lots more bugs , because it NEVER clogs up ! The electric rods are straight up/down , so no cross wires to catch falling insects & clog . Dead insects fall out the bottom - Blow clean once a month.Update ! - Forget the pricy attractant ! My Flowtron 80w kills mosquitos ! - Hundreds of dead ones underneath ! My Flowtron 15w did n't do much , but 40w was pretty good -LRB- much cheaper bulbs -RRB- ! My theory ! - Mosquitos are attracted to the heat that is generated when moths ... are zapped!I 've watched the mosquitos come as moths are being zapped ! - Love the zapping noise -LRB- not that loud -RRB- ! Cons - The only con is that the outer protective plastic cage HAD bars only about 1/2 '' apart -LRB- same with Stinger -RRB- - This kept larger moths ... from being able to easily get in to the electric grid.I used a large wire cutter , to cut out every 3d bar , on top 2/3ds of cage . Alternating ... , so cut bar was in the middle of two solid bars on adajacent side - Still rigid!I put it on an outside timer -LRB- for when evenings cool down - Not much insect activity below 55 degrees ... -RRB- . Adjust accordingly.Never hang it near a door , as their is always a 10 ' + swarm of insects around it.Try to hang it over head high , in a DRY -LRB- electric -RRB- area.Removing the bulbs to clean them WILL cause the socket contacts to fail ! - I never did figire out how to thoroughly clean the bulbs -LRB- High psi compressor helps , and IS a must ! - Vacuum cleaner is too wimpy ! -RRB- !?
 Here in Houston we have had a particularly difficult time with mosquitos this year -LRB- due to heavy rainfall -RRB- . I almost felt like we were held `` hostage '' inside our house , since going outdoors meant a barrage of mosquitos ! But thanks to the Flowtron bug killer which we now have on our back patio , we can enjoy the out-of-doors again ! We purchased the 80-watt model , even though our yard is only 1/3 acre . It has been very effective in eliminating our mosquito problem . One word of caution
 I was so tired of replacing my bug zappers and had a hard time finding one that would last more than one season without the bulb burning out . I reviewed several on line as all I could find in the stores were the Stingers , and I definitly did n't want another one of those . The Flowtron I ordered worked so well that my dad had to have one too . We bought an extra bulb just in case , but neither one of us has had to replace one yet . This zapper works so much better than any I have ever tried . I noticed right away a huge difference in my flying bug problem . I live next to a lake in Florida , so you can imagine the mosquito battle I had . Now I can sit outside in the evenings and enjoy the peaceful setting without continuously swatting bugs . I bought the 1 acre light and my dad only needed the 1/2 acre one . Both do a great job and would highly recommend a Flowtron Zapper to all in need .
 There are two ways to measure the quality of an insect zapper . First , how powerful is it light ? That will determine from how far away insects will be attracted . Second , how powerful are its `` shocks '' ? That will , of course , determine what happens to the hapless critters . The Flowtron BK-40D performs both of these admirably.This should be set up AWAY from your seating area - at least 10 yards . It will attract and kill so many insects that if it is near you , you will get covered . Also , the zapping noises it makes as it kills can be intimidating to young kids.The plug comes off a short -LRB- 6 inches or so -RRB- wire from the top as it hangs down from your pole . Make sure whatever extension cord you use is rated for outdoor use.There is a compartment just below this model , which will fit a sticky mosquito attractant - one comes free with this package . You can get refills easily at Target or WalMart . Cost about $ 4 . You probably will not need them , however , because the UV light does a good job of attracting insects.I recommend it fully .
 Background you can skipNormally I stay away from writing reviews for items that have already been throughly reviewed and compared as I can be of more help writing about the stuff no one else has tried yet . In this case , since it became such a huge unsolvable problem for us , I felt compelled to write about going ` low tech ' for a change.Here 's the scoop
 The last one I had was 40 watts and while it was pretty effective , this summer 's Louisiana mosquitos seemed a little more reluctant to die by uV . However , this 80 watt light has been a bit hit , attracting the little blood suckers by a pound , and virtually clearing my 1.75 acres .
 I ordered the Flowtron BK-80D bug zapper after having used a different , smaller model , which was also made by Flowtron -LRB- model BK-7 -RRB- . The BK-7 model worked okay , but quickly clogged up with bugs -LRB- pretty much each night -RRB- . After about a week of this , it shorted out so badly that it melted a hole in the plastic part which held the wires apart . That was the end of that . The BK-7 model used a series of round wires that go horizontally , but this tended to trap the bugs . Even with constant cleaning , it was always giving me problems.After it went out , I decided to give Flowtron one last shot . I saw the model BK-80 on Amazon.com and ordered it after reading the reviews . I have installed the unit on the corner of my house and it works amazingly well!I put the zapper on an outdoor timer , which turns the unit on around 7 pm in the evening and then off automatically around 8 am when the sun comes up . This works great ! The timer I used was the Intermatic model HB31R -LRB- sold on Amazon and at local building stores -RRB- . It 's a very simple little timer with a nice cover to keep the weather out . I ran the power cords with a `` J '' loop in them , so any rain water would drip off the bottom of the `` J '' and not get into the socket.Anyway , the timer is very simple to use and makes a great additon to the Flowtron . The Flowtron BK-80D is well made and straight forward . On my unit -LRB- as I had done with the previous BK-7 model and as mentioned by another reviewer -RRB- , I took some pruning sheers and cut out every other plastic slat in order to allow easier cleaning and so that larger bugs can get in more quickly.The unit gives off a lot of light and is able to attract bugs from both the first level and 2nd level of my house -LRB- I have it mounted above the 2nd story deck on the corner -RRB- . It draws all of the moths that used to hang out on our windows - from as far away as about 30 or 40 feet . One zap and they are toast . The design of the BK-80D is much better than other models I have seen . The vertical rods are well made and allow the bugs to slide down and fall out of the unit after they are killed . Not all bugs fall out , but I would say about 95 % or so do fall out of their own accord . By morning time , the wind has also helped blow some of the rest out of the unit and they have fallen on the deck.Interestingly enough , where I live , yellowjackets have figured out that any bugs stuck in the rods are a free lunch - and since my unit goes off at dawn via the timer , the yellowjackets can get in there and remove any stuck moth bodies without being zapped in the afternoon . It 's a great deal for me , since it saves a little clean up . I have actually seen the yellowjackets wiggle the stuck insect bodies until they come loose from the rods , then they fly off with them ! It also seems like they clean up the ones that have fallen on the deck , although that may be birds stopping by in the morning and/or the wind blowing them off the side of the deck . I 'm not sure . Whatever the case , the unit requires almost zero cleaning and does n't clog up hardly at all.While this unit is a little more pricey than some , the extra few bucks are well worth it . The gold ring at the top -LRB- used to hang the unit -RRB- is sort of poorly designed , but it 's easy to replace with a little work if you want -LRB- mine had a big gap in it - almost enough to allow the ring to come off the mounting point , which I did n't like . However , this may actually be there to help taking the unit on and off a hook or something -RRB- . In my case , I simply cut the ring off with some bolt cutters and put a smaller stainless steel split ring in its place . Most people probably would n't mind the standard gold ring that comes with the unit , but I am very picky : - -RRB- Note that you will need to purchase an extension cord to use this unit . The cord that comes out of the unit is only about 6 inches in length . It 's not long enough to reach anything . I bought a 12 foot extension cord and ran it along the house and over to the Intermatic timer . Then the timer plugs into any standard outdoor outlet.Since using the unit , there have been almost zero moths bugging us . I live out in the forest , so there is no shortage of bugs flying around here . Even with other lights on , the bugs seem to favor the Flowtron . The unit does make noise when the bugs are zapped -LRB- as all units do -RRB- , but since the bugs routinely fall away from the zapping rods pretty quickly -LRB- much better than with other units -RRB- , it 's only a short zap . Once in a while there will be a longer zap , but not too often . At the rate this unit kills bugs , I think I may make a dent in the bug population around here - which is fine with me.The unit has two bulbs that are easy to replace . Each one is held into place with a plastic clip-in cup sort of affair . This cup also doubles as the holder for the MA-1000 Octenol attractant cartridges , although I have yet to use those . The unit does come with one sample cartridge so you can try it . The instructions say the light heats up the cartridge and then it gives off its scent to attract mosquitos . Like I say , I have n't had a chance to try it ; it seems to work fine without it.All in all , a top notch design ; makes life a lot nicer without having to constantly fight moths and flying bugs . I think you 'd be hard pressed to find a better bug zapper for the home/yard .
 I have used these for a few years . They are the same ones sold under the Sears label . Experiment with the height from the ground for different types of bugs . For mosquitos , place no more than six feet from the ground . Place in a shallow tray of water and watch the kill rate ! Do not immerse any part of bulb or grid in water -LRB- rain wo n't harm it -RRB- .
 I really love this flowtron , zaps hard , cool to watch electrified sparkles of moth and other flying insects . I used it indoor , works for me . This model in particular does not kill the tiny pesky fruit flies . Recently I juice a lot of fresh fruits and vegetables , got some pesky fruit flies and this thing does n't catch flies that small , I wish it did so I would n't have to make a fruit fly trap just for them . But everything else , common mosquito , flies , moth , you name it - kills . If this thing would kill the tiny 1-2mm fruit flies then it 'll be 5/5 stars.Read my review on The Executioner electrical hand-held zapper that TOTALLY SOLVED my tiny midget 1-2mm fruit fly problem . http://www.amazon.com/Executioner-Swat-Mosquito-Swatter-Zapper/dp/B000MU2MJA/The Flowtron 1/2 acre works GREAT , after nearly a month , still working great , no issues with built quality on the one that I got . Kills EVERYTHING over 2mm flying insects , moths , mosquitoes , flies , bees , etc. . I got the Executioner zapper for the tiny fruit fly insects , which most people do n't have a problem with .
 I am usually the skeptic , and as usual , I was with this product , it was mostly made of plastic and I had my reservations about it.I set it up on a pole 30 feet or so from my patio , as so as it started to get a little bit on the dusk side , this thing starts blasting everything that will go near it -LRB- which , apparently was everything -RRB- , the electrical storm started , I did n't realize we had that many flying insects . I took my dogs out that night around 2am , it was still drawing in victims . So far , it has run solid for about 3 weeks , killing bugs by the bucketful.The bottom line , for an economical bug zapper , this works well beyond my expectations . I give this one 3 thumbs up .
 It can kill a lot of bugs at night , and you had better put a barrel with half water under it so that the electric shocked bugs to be drowned . It can not remove all the mosquitos around you . So far so good .
 we have tried about every zapper available in the lowes/home depot type stores here in north fl and in the Keys . this one is far superior . I am hoping it will have a long life but as far as quality construction and effectiveness , this is what you want
 This bug zapper was effective . I saw a marked decrease in the number of mosquitoes around my yard since I put it up . We were in the midst of one of the worst plagues of mosquitoes I 've seen in 30 years of living in Florida , and now I see a lot less . It 's not like I can go outside and never see a mosquito , but I would say there 's probably 5-10 % of what there was before . I would recommend this product .
 Our property is such that traditional methods like chemicals or water management wo n't work -LRB- although having children means that chemicals are out of the question in the first place -RRB- . First of all . . the Flowtron wo n't elimate your heavy mosquito problem but will probably make it more managable . After 1 month . . here are my observations :1 . Hang it away from your desk or any object that you would linger around at . Since it attracts the bugs . . it will be the hotspot for them . . so no chairs , benches , playstructures or anything in the near vicinity .2 . It catches a lot of bugs . . mostly moths . . but I was pleasantly surprised that it is catching quite a few mosquitos . Is it because the light or the ocetonol . . not sure . . but I 've had to clean the thing twice already because it was pretty darn full .3 . Most bugs will fall out of the bottom . . but a good can of air will take care of the job to clean up the remainder4 . A timer based on light did n't do the best job as the mosquitos tend to come out before its dark enough that a light sensor would kick in . . thus I changed it to a fixed timer.It has n't eliminated the entire mosquito problem for us . . but at my guess . . its 90 % less and on many occasions we can sit outside without even the need for spray . Highly recommended thus :-RRB- < Update Nov 2012 > So I used the system for an entire summer and here are my observations further . Again it did n't eliminate the problem 100 % but made it significantly less . It took a while for the zapper to catch up with the large amount of mosquitos but by the end of summer the zapping started to get less . You have to clean it regularly which might take 20 or so minutes to complete . Dirty job and maybe the tip of spraying it will aid in the removal . I am glad I bought the device .
 Our property is approx . 3/4 acres and we have a watershed pond about 80 to 100 feet in back of the house . As you can imagine , during the warm months of the year we would experience a ton of mosquitos . I was a little doubtful about ordering this but after reading some success stories I decided to try it . It works great ! My wife can go out on the back deck and does n't complain about `` gettin ' Bit '' anymore . I bought the 1 acre version and YES I am also using the Octenol bait attraction that comes with it . We only turn it on for a few hours at during dawn and dusk . Again , this thing zaps away and has worked very well for us.Great Product ... I hope it lasts for years to come , it was worth it !
 I live in a community setting where we have a gated yard of about 1 acre and houses all around with porches open to the yard . Before we got this product , we could not sit out on the porch , we had so many flies , mosquitoes , moths , etc. that we got all bit up . We hung up the 80 Watt lamp in the center of our circle and the first few nights it kept on zapping without stop killing hundreds of flies . After a few days a major difference was noticed and i would say that the insects and flies were reduced by at least 80 % . Now it is about 3 weeks later and our yard is virtually down to about 5 % of the flies we had just a few weeks ago . I would highly recommend this product but make sure to follow the instructions of where and how to hang it up .
 i am beholden to all the fine reviews at this site that touted this great product to the skys . i shot right out and bought the big 80 watt number.the day before i put mine up i had collected 5 nasty fly bites - hugh itchey welts . so i got even ... i pinned the little sucker up and sat out on the patio at 9 that night gloating outrageously . this baby was snapping 'em left and right . little bug bodies were really piling up out there . color me smug.i have reclaimed the right to go out in my back yard garden and even to sit out in the dead of night unscathed . how much is that worth ? and my high strung cats do n't mind the slight snapping noise . they do n't like bugs either.this gismo rocks !!! each evening i go out and plug it in for the night 's work and i ca n't resist giving it a little pat and a `` you get 'em killer '' . do i recommend this device ? oh , yea ... ps to bug gal and her review.mosquetoes ar n't attracted to light ? could that be why there is a pest strip for under the hot light that , when heated up , attracts mosquetoes like CRAZY !!! do you want a body count ? there are some very deceased mosquetoes out there under my flowtron.and as to it killing beneficial flying bugs ... do you mean those little moths that are outside waiting for you to open you door so they can eat holes in your clothes ? get a grip .
 I have owned the Flowtron BK-15D for about nine months now . I have it hanging at the corner ceiling of my room . The power plug of the bug lamp is connected to a 24 hour digital programmable timer -LRB- Intermatic DT121 -RRB- set to automatically turn on the bug lamp at night , then turn off in the morning . Underneath the bug lamp is a litter tray with a mixture of baking soda and beach sand . I have had no problems with the bug lamp . There are times when I am woken up from sleep because of bugs being zapped , but after a while , you can get used to that zapping sound . Last year , prior to owning the bug lamp , I have had spider bites , gnat infestations , wandering moths , and mosquitoes in my room . With the Flowtron BK-15D , my room and bed is now bug-free . No more expenses toward bug sprays and rash ointments . As far as cleaning and maintaining the bug lamp , I have had no need to do this as I have set up a litter tray lined with a mixture of fine sand and baking soda , which I periodically empty and refill . In the future , I would probably spray the interior of the lamp housing with compressed air and brush off dead bugs stuck on the metal casing , but other than that , the lamp is extremely low maintenance . I would recommend this product to people who are in my situation
 I do love this bug zapper , but I noticed there were n't as many dead bugs around it as I thought there would be , seeing as we have a heavily wooded property complete with creek -LRB- lots of bugs ! -RRB- . One late night , almost midnight , I went out into the side yard with my dog so she could do her business , and saw BATS flying from the woods and zooming by the bug zapper , then back to the trees again . The bats were picking off the bugs that were attracted by the bug zapper ! How cool is that ?!? I am such a city kid that I made myself a cup of hot cocoa and sat by the back door with the porch light on , just watching the bats go back and forth . Since that evening , I 've seen the bats almost every time I happen to go outside late at night , so I guess my bug zapper is doing well to keep our local bats fat and happy . -LRB- I 'm glad to say the bats are in no danger from this zapper due to the grid guard , btw . -RRB- I 've had this 80 watt model for over 3 months now , and it works beautifully even though it 's exposed to the wind , rain , and hail . Depending on how warm the weather has been , I 'll take the leaf blower to it to clean the bug zapper every week or two . With the leaf blower , the bug zapper swings around wildly , but it does n't damage this sturdy bug zapper ! All bugs come off easily.I also have this zapper on a light-sensitive timer , so it comes on at dusk , and off again at dawn .
 Been running this for over a week now and we have noticed a distinct decrease in the amount of bugs in our vicinity . Being a big believer of Consumer Reports , I never believed these light attracting zappers work , but I am now a convert . In the first 2 nights , we had the zapper on a table and by morning , the area under the zapper was piled with hundreds of dead/dying bugs . It attracted birds for feeding . You can even see the zapper at work . For us , it zapped about 5 bugs every 5 seconds -LRB- I 'm not exaggerating -RRB- . You could see the zapping for some , and some even caught on fire for a while . Since then , the spiders gathering in our patios have abandoned their webs indicating to us the effectiveness of the zapper.However , I did notice 2 major design flaws . 1 -RRB- the electrical cord is extremely short , no longer than 1 feet . This means you 'll either have to use an outdoor extension cord , or are very limited as to where you can place the device . 2 -RRB- in my unit , the bulb pushed against the bottom of the unit making it hard to secure the octenol lure in the pocket provided . I 've had to use another piece of tape to secure it in addition to the double-sided tape that came with the lure.A few notes
 I purchased this bug zapper about 3 years ago , sorry it took so long to review . It still works great , KILLS them little buggers even big ones two.If you do n't like to get eaten by mosquitos this is the one to buy . BESUREto purchase a heavy outdoor cord , as the cord that comes with this unit is only about a foot long . NOTE
 IT WORKS ! Need I say more . I can open my screen door at night now without letting in lots of mosquitoes , moths and so on .
 i do n't have it set up the way it is supposed to be set up , at all . regardless , my backyard is surrounded by forest , and i have a little deck area underneath my back porch where i like to chill out , read a book , smoke a cigarette , etc. i have the zapper on the ledge on the perimeter of this little area , and while before i bought it , i couldnt take a step out of my door without getting swarmed by flies and mosquitoes , moths and bees , now you would think i had an impenetrable screen around my little chill spot . the only problem i have is cleaning it . not sure how im supposed to , but besides that , the zapper works excellently .
 After looking at several indoor models , I decided to take a chance on one of these smaller outdoor models to use indoors . I keep a metal tray underneath the dead bug drop zone to ensure that if any flies get caught in the kill grid too long that they do not fall as fireballs to the floor . It has worked great for me especially at night . Earlier this week my house literally became infested with flies . They were getting in through the dog door , the windows , everywhere . In the first day alone , I could here the shock of the kill grid going off constantly , particularly at night when it was the only light source on . Within 3 days , I can barely find a single fly in my apartment . This thing worked wonders for taking care of my fly problem . I recommend it especially since it 's price is not all that bad and runs on relatively little juice Keep it well out of range of pets though as the shock does seem to be decently powerful for only being 15 volts .
 We are on two wooded acres in Central Texas . I hung this outside about 80 ' from the back patio and had a fun time watching the bugs zip and zap for many months . Then the music ended . I emailed their support folks -LRB- 3 year warranty ! -RRB- and they said the main coil from China was faulty and they were experiencing many failures . They notified me when the good parts were available , they repaired it , and I 'm once again listening to the joyful sounds of dead bugs . I recommend this zapper but you may want to call their QA people and ask them if the faulty coil problem has been resolved before ordering .
 We received the Flowtron 8K from Amazon as scheduled . It was to be replacing another of a different brand that did n't work very well as the slats on the sides of the previous one were too close together and the larger flying insects like moths could n't get between them to get zapped . This Flowtron 8K works just fine . We have a 31foot long patio . Only problem we have had is that the noise made when insect were zapped , frighten the dogs , as they did n't know of course what the odd noise was all about . We had to move it further away from the patio doors as well as turn it off for a day or two , and then it no longer bothered them.PLEASE , leave name off the review , and use just my nickname , Zany Old Lady in Colorado
 When we moved to the country this summer , we were overwhelmed by how aggressive and plentiful the mosquito population was . After the Off sprays did n't seem to phase the pests , we purchased the Flowtron and have been thrilled by how it seems to immediately reduce the number of mosquitoes that buzz around our patio as soon as we turn it on . I would definitely suggest this bug zapper for anyone with a large back yard .
 We live on a lake in central California . There is good news and bad news . Good News - the lake is brim full this year . Bad News - mosquito heaven ! We needed some relief if we wanted to enjoy the warm evenings unmolested . This baby rocks ! I hung it off the eves about 6 feet from the ground between our house and our friends next door . After reading the instructions , warnings , and some of the other reviews , I did not use the attractant they supplied just to see what happened - I could always add it if needed . At first -LRB- May -RRB- it was getting just a few bugs , but now -LRB- July -RRB- holy moly !! I kid you not , in the morning -LRB- it 's on a timer to run 5:30 PM to Midnight -RRB- the entire grid is totally packed with mosquitos . We could n't believe it the first time it happened ! We had no idea there were that many critters ! The big plus is we can sit out side and enjoy it now , both on our side seating area as well as our neighbor 's back patio . This thing is a keeper ! Dead mosquitos by the thousands ! I love it !
 I wish I could attach photos to the review , after our 4th of july barbecue i looked on the ground below the zapper and would never bother to try and count them , there were THOUSANDS of dead bugs under the zapper ! I have had this unit over a year , never put an attractant pad in it and have raved about it to everyone that asks about it!IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT BUYING THIS , LET ME HELP YOU
 I have a Stinger that works fine , but like other reviews have stated , i have to clean the bugs out of the Stinger on a daily basis . Not very much fun . This year in Omaha , due to flooding , we are overrun with mosquitos . I decided to buy this Flowtron based upon reviews and I am so delighted I got this . I have both the Flowtron and the Stinger running on my property . Wow ! The Flowtron attracts a lot more Mosquitos than the Stinger . The Flowtron requires less frequent cleaning and cleans much easier than the Stinger . The only negative I have for the Flowtron is it does not have a `` night time '' sensor . The only way to turn it off is to unplug it . I purchased a wireless outdoors remote to turn this on and off as needed . An extra $ 20.00 at wal-mart . That is the only reason I gave this 4 stars .
 This item is great , it works very well and knocks down the flying bugs fast , this is the smaller one but for my area it is great , before it my girlfriend and myself could not go out into our back yard at night due to the major amount of moths and mosquitoes , if we were inside and turned on our kitchen light they would cover the screen door trying to get in , since we live in a remote area this thing is a life saver , once i put this outside the problem was over it zaps them real fast and the majority of them fall to the ground and lower part of it , it does require some cleaning at times but this one is far less work than any of the others out there , so if you have problems with flying bugs get this one , forget the stinger ones or the others out there they will just zap your money and not the bugs
 I was skeptical about ordering this product due to some low reviews , but I am very happy with my product ! I have had it for about a week and it attracts the flies and does the job . If I needed another one , I would purchase it here again .
 I live in Florida , in a `` Lake Region '' , and I like to walk around my 21/2 Acres with only a pair of shorts and sandals . Unfortunately , Mosquitos , Gnats , Deer Flies , Big Bugs , Medium Bugs , Small Bugs and Tiny Bugs make it impossible in warm weather !! Well ... that is ... until I bought the 80 Watt Flowtron !! This thing is a beast ! It hums with power , and with the Brilliant light it emits ... Bugs absolutely can not resist . Period . A Timer brings it on about 6:30 PM , and the Bugs can not resist even when there is a couple hours of daylight left . The sizzle , zaps and pops are unmistakable ! Some bugs auctually catch on fire for a few seconds and as they slide down the grid and make their way to the bottom , mostly ashes fall to the Ground ! This zapper is no joke . After a couple of nights of killing a gazillion bugs , I have my yard back :-RRB- Every once in a while you get a stray ... but rare . My 2 outside dogs are a million times happier without the constant attack of gnat swarms , mosquitos , and biting flies . One of them was scared for a night or 2 because of the constant FRYING of Bugs ... but she got used to it quickly and they even lay under it and seem to be entertained by it . I have had to use the air compressor a few times to blow out excess bugs ... but it usually stays pretty clean . I have it hanging under a tree , about 8 feet off the ground , and about 50 feet from the front door . I would say it has cleared about 98 % of the bug population ... and in Florida ... that is saying something ! I have had a 15watt Stinger hanging in the same place for 2 years ... and although it did kill a lot of bugs over that time ... there is absolutely ZERO comparison . The power and light emitted is simply on a level many steps above . In life ... you usually get what you pay for . In the case of the Flowtron ... you get a high quality , made in the USA Bug killing machine ! If you have a Bug problem ... you wo n't for long with this machine.UPDATE
 For several years now I have wanted a classic blue-light bugzapper . I remember the halcyon days when they first came out and you could spot them in yards and gardens and on porches as you drove around the towns and countryside at night . It seemed as though every farmhouse or ranch house had at least one , and many older houses with porches produced that comforting blue glow . I enjoyed being at places that had working zappers , watching them `` work '' with , yes , slightly morbid fascination as the bright flashes and sudden crackling sizzles unequivocally announced that another evil mosquito or other biting fly was itself bitten before it could get to me . I remember the larger , older models with the `` collection '' basins or pans in the bottoms , taking note of how fast they filled up . It was always interesting to be able to dump the pans onto a table and roughly sort through the various species , sometimes separating the biters from the houseflies and June bugs and moths and other . I also remember feeling some pangs of remorse when noticing how many `` innocent '' or harmless bugs were among the nastier crispy critters . But since my Flowtron does n't have a collection pan or basin , I do n't notice any remorse connected to it.My Flowtron BK-15D started working almost immediately after I first set it up and turned it on . I mean , the first crackle occurred within minutes after erection and ignition . I put it near a rear corner of the house , in my wife 's flower garden and under the canopy of a small apple tree . Immediately nearby is a shaded area underneath a large mulberry , and a few yards away is a huge old elm tree . The zapper hangs from a cast-iron planter holder firmly stuck in the soil . I 've learned that wind is an important factor
 OK , OK I know you are not supposed to use this thingy inside but there 's been a fly in my house for the past couple of days -LRB- honestly did n't they die after a few hours -RRB- . Anyways , could n't get it out NO MATTER WHAT . I chased it , I begged it , I had the swatter next to my bed , I even turned off all the lights and opened all the windows out . Nothing . It liked it inside and was n't going anywhere . So got this Flowtron and turned it on and Zapppp , less than 30 seconds later - the fly got zapped . It 's still walking a little -LRB- or trying to -RRB- but no more annoying flying ! I should feel horrible for the poor creature , but after 2 nights with almost no sleep - GOOD RIDDANCE FLY !!!
 After struggling with tiki torches , mosquito coils , and candles the last two summers , I finally made a leap of faith and bought the Flowtron BK-15D . I can tell already , it 's made a huge difference and the mosquitos are almost non-existent . My yard is only 50x150 , so I only needed the 1/2 acre -LRB- 15W -RRB- Flowtron . I was concerned that it would be loud or annoying at night , but has n't been a problem at all where I 've got it 30 ft from the house . It does have an extremely short cord -LRB- extension cord required -RRB- ; what I ended up doing was mounting a light-sensing timer right next to it -LRB- on the outside of the garage under the roof overhang -RRB- , and that worked like a charm -- the Flowtron 's black light does n't throw off the light-sensing timer at all . As for maintenance , the octenal mosquito cartriges do need replaced monthly , and they are a little more pricey than they should be -LRB- $ 6-8 / each -RRB- . I also have to blow off the zapping bars about once every 1-2 weeks -- most bugs get zapped and fall to the ground , but some stick to the bars instead . I 've found canned air , like used for dusting electronics , seems to work fine . Now , if I could only keep the dog from eating the dead bugs , everything will be perfect .
 I purchased this product in November 2009 . in May 2010 one of the bulbs burned and I purchased replacement ones . The replacements bulbs did not work because apparently the actual socket has a problem . I tested the working socket and that seemed to work with the new bulbs but the one side where the bulb burned does not work . I called customer service and the problem is the starter for that bulb -LRB- a small device in the enclosure on top -RRB- and they said they will be sending me a replacement starter .
 We bought this about a month ago and plug it in at night . We could barely go outside without being swarmed with mosquitoes and skeeter eaters -LRB- which I recently found out do n't eat mosquitoes -RRB- and the first night it fried and zapped non stop -LRB- yay ! -RRB- and after unplugging it before going to bed , there was a huge disgusting pile of dead bugs , mostly mosquitoes and skeeter eaters . After that , the piles are much smaller and honestly , there are no flying insects . We never even used the mosquito attractant - they are attracted to the light . We keep the porch light off so the the only source of light is coming from the fryer -LRB- as my daughter calls it -RRB- . I highly recommend this thing for anyone who has problems with flying insects !
 This zapper rocks ! We have 1 acre of property and this thing has eliminated most of our bug issues . Before , you 'd turn on the porch light , and you 'd be surrounded by all sorts of insects . Now , the bugs are more attracted to the UV light , so our porch is bug-free .
 Got this almost 3 years ago and it works great . I even loaned it out to a family member who after using it for a few weeks brought it back to us because they said they did n't have any mosquito left -LRB- I gave it to them because they had so many in the first place -RRB- and we were starting to get some . Though , I 'm pretty sure in a few weeks he 'll want to borrow ours again or want me to get one for him . If you do n't use it for a few weeks insects will come back but that 's natural since your house would be a area that has nothing for them to compete with , which only goes to prove this takes care of everything that 's around while it 's on.Smartest thing to do is turn it on everytime you expect to go out to the backyard or patio for some fresh air or a chat with friends and family . To get full use out of it , keep it away from any light source that would draw the flys since then they might go to your lights instead of THIS light , best to set it up and turn it on around 30-60 mins before you expect guests by then it will take out most everything.Also put it in a place that 's not too close to people , again it attracts the flys to kill them so you do n't want to be next to it or get dead and burned bug on you . Lastly , the wind and ants take away the dead bugs so there is n't much of anything to clean up ... but sometimes bigger things like moths do get burned stuck -LRB- no worries they 're dead -RRB- to the electric metal rods but a strong gust of wind should take care of that too.If you want to clean your patio and that of the houses next to yours , turn off the patio lights , set this up somewhere high and leave it on for the night .
 I read many of the reviews and went with this product over the other store brands - very pleased - make sure to by the bug bait - really helps draw in the bitting bugs .
 I have a very large back yard , I have it set up with a timer runs at night , especially on the hot day it zappps all the insect and bugs , I have to clean it everyday so it would catch more bugs , this things works great .
 I put this up just yesterday and already the difference is amazing . I 'm now able to sit out on the patio in the evenings without being eaten alive by mosquitoes . And I 'm able to get back inside without letting any in because they 're all dead . I love this thing . Works great .
 I love this thing as I used to get eaten alive in my backyard . Now I set it on a ` on at dusk ' timer , and by the time I want to go out for barbecue or anything else there is a pile of bugs under it that are dead/dying and not bothering me ! I would only recommend that you place it somewhere nearby but not directly over where you want to be , as it takes out a LOT of bugs , other than just mosquitoes . You most likely do n't want dead bugs falling on you any more than living ones !
 I decided to purchase the 80-watt -LRB- over the 40-watt -RRB- even though I live in a townhouse complex . At first I placed the insect killer about 4 ' to the right of my back door . The source where the mosquitos are coming from are about 20 ' to the left of my back door . So because the mosquitos have to pass my door to get to the insect killer , we were still getting bitten . The instructions do state to place the insect killer between your house and the source of the bugs . I repositioned it so that it is now 4 ' to the left of my back door and now we rarely get bitten from the mosquitos . All sorts of bugs get attracted to the light and at first it took some getting used to the noise at night when the bugs were getting zapped . Our dog was also went crazy from the noise in the beginning , but he 's not as afraid of it now . And yes , it even works in the rain ! In fact , I noticed that more bugs seem to fly into it when it 's raining . The only thing is that because of the high shipping rates to Hawaii , I ended up paying > $ 100 for this product , then later found the exact same product in a local hardware store for half the cost !
 I bought this to replace a `` Stinger '' bug zapper that died shortly after I bought it . The Flowtron is in another class - the grid stays cleaner , obviously making more voltage when it 's powered up , and incinerates the bugs as it should , and it has already lasted twice as long as the stinger with no problems at all . Stay away from the Stinger models and get one of these .
 My long , rectangular , unused , cemented driveway is bordered by narrow gardening lanes . Moisture Master has been the answer to my frustration of efficiently , and safely irrigating my plants and vegetables , while conserving water . Prior to discovering this ` answer to my prayer ' , my options were two
 So , I used to go in the back yard and BLAH ! BUGS ! Not anymore ... not a single pest ! Great stuff they got here ! Only one problem , running extension cords ... no biggie .
 I bought this way back but have n't even used it . I was having fly problems , but by the time the product came , the flies were gone and now I moved out of the place already . I still have it , but have yet to use it . I do n't think I paid too much for it .
 Bug Killer is all that needs to be said when talking about the Flowtron . Many a night the kids the ol' lady and I sits out on the porch to watch the fireworks . When Hector , my youngest , comes up to me an says , `` Pa , it killed em good eh . '' I look at him and say yup it sure does . Mae , my daughter , is constantly telling me how much she likes them perty blue lights . She done speaks the truth it is as pretty as the topaz that is on mine wedding ring . The woman likes it too . She is always braggin it up when the Cooterhicks come down from the plot down the way . They are jealous as your friends will be . Mabel , the old ball and chain , does complain about pickin up all the dead critters , but to me that is just a testament to the power of this zapper . I must say I only rated it a four because I once found Zane , my middle son , who is what some call slow on the porch . He had placed his tiny finger in the mesh and was stuck . It was lucky I got there before his hair did more than smoke . Ah well , that same power is great for keepin ' them pesky squirrels away .
 This seems to help . Noticeable decrease in mosquitoes . I use a leaf blower -LRB- vacuum blower would also work -RRB- weekly to blow out the moths . I also use the octenol lures . Two hints
 Item arrived well packed from Aubuchon Hardware via USPS . Put it in a Flowtron BK-80D 80-Watt Electronic Insect Killer . Plugged it in and the new bulb is brighter than the other bulb . Will have to order another bulb .
 I received this bug Zapper , and ever since we put it to function , it has really done an excellent job of doing just what it is supposed to do.This is a fantastic product and I am going to order more of these .
 This soaker hose has really helped in saving our retaining wall garden . Due to Texas heat , everything we planted in this retaining wall died within a matter of days . Once the soaker hose was put under the top layer of soil , all the way around the retaining wall & placed on a timer to water twice per day , the garden began to flourish . Thanks to this hose , the garden looks great !
 Solid and can hold a lot of weight . Looks good and so far no rust . .
 This bracket can support up to 50 pounds and is a very nice complimentary piece to our porch . Makes everything look very elequant .
 This is a sturdy bracket for hanging your bug killer . I especially like the feature that locks the lamp to the bracket .
 Perfect for the Flowtron 80D . I mounted this bracket to my fence post using the supplied screws . To make this easier , I would suggest screwing in the top screw while holding the bracket sideways . Once you are ready for the last couple of turns , let the bracket swing down and tighten the screw all the way .
 This wall mount works well with out bug killer . It is decorative for an item that does not always add to the decoration of a patio or yard . The wall mount holds the bug killer at a good length away from our patio wall and yet it is sturdy enough to hold it in a strong wind .
 Pretty basic device not worth writing a whole lot about.It serves it 's purpose although the mounting screws could be a little longer and galvanized for exterior use . None-the-less the bracket is sturdy when mounting on the exterior siding .
 Worked perfect with the electronic insect killer . Came promptly and packaged correctly . Completely satisfied with this product . Will use for a long time to come .
 I love the look of this styled bracket . It is easy to mount , and adds a touch of class to any outdoor scheme.We use it to hold our bug zapper -LRB- see ... classy ! -RRB- , and it works very well , holding the entire fixture easily and appears to withstand most weather .
 This support is just fine for the flowtron bug killer , its design is not modern but since is located at a considerable distance from home it does n't matter
 We are pleased with the quality of this bracket . My husband had no trouble hanging the bracket , and after 2 months of use it still looks new .
 I purchased this wall bracket for my Flowtron bug light . It is durable . It provides theft security by means of a screw/bolt that prevents removal without removing the screw . It is also nice in that if it is windy , it keeps the light from falling off of the bracket .
 Its a bracket . It is used to hang stuff like flowers , I am using it to hang a Bug Zapper . Performs great .
 It 's a wall bracket . There 's not much else to say . It screws to the wall and can hold your bug zapper , a plant , whatever . Guess what ? It works . 5 stars .
 Bought this to mount a bug lite outsid eon the porch . Works great and It 's a good sturdy metal for a plant or a light .
 I bought this bracket along with the Flowtron BK-40D bug zapper . It was easy to install and came with all advertised hardware .
 Keeps it up and out of the way so I can keep the bug zapper on all the time ... Nice !!
 Arrived days before I expected it in the condition that I wantedPerfect job !
 Replacing the bf-190 bulb restored the operation of my bk-40d flowtron bug zapper . The bulb does not work with my old bk-40c which apparently needs a different number bulb .
 title sais it all . Looking for a replacement bulb after 6,5 years of summer use . ok , divide that times two since we did n't use it all year long and there you have a 3 + years life span .
 Very effective bulb that has killed thousands -LRB- maybe millions -RRB- of bugs among all of the ones I have running on my property . The bulb typically lasts a season and a half running non-stop . Overall , a superb bulb . I did have one that lasted a very short period of time , but 99 % of them last a very long time . I saw the other reviews , but I think they are abnormal situations .
 Replacementvbulb for my bug zapper is not sold anymore at any store . Thanks to my search in Amazon I found the right part for a very reasonable price .
 I bought the bulb for back-up so I have n't used it yet . Hopefully the original will never burn out .
 The replacement bulb is not as bright as the original but it does the job of zapping the bugs .
 This UV bug light bulb arrived quickly and in good shape . The bug light now work fine . I would buy again from this seller .
 This replacement bulb is brighter than the original , it is working very well . Packaging is very safe and protective to the product .
 Purchased exact replacement bulb for my bug light and was able to use Paypal to pay for it . Very convenient !!
 WE BOUGHT THE Flowtron BF-190 Replacement Bulb for BK-40D FOR OUR GARAGE TO ATTRACT BUGS WHEN WE OPEN THE GARAGE DOORS AND WITHOUT THE OTHER LIGHTS ON IN THE GARAGE THE BUGS GO RIGHT TO IT . IT IS WORKING GREAT ! THANKS ... CLAUDIA BRYANT
 Had a problem finding a replacement bulb until I came across this one . The one I found in the store was too short , but this one was perfect , and it does the job .
 After I placed it in the bug light about two weks ago it has been killing misquitos ever since and I really love it .
 Well , I believe I killed my light bulb by leaving it on for a week and then spraying it with a hose while on . I brought it a year ago and it has destroyed a colony of flying insects to say in the least.It does kill some mosquitoes despite many articles saying it does not but mostly it kills moths . It was rather easy to replace , two screws and two bolt screws to remove and then you just pull and replace . I hope it lasts for more than one year though .
 We were not able to find this `` white '' bulb in our area in stores so were so glad to find it on Amazon at a reasonable price ! My husband does not like the `` black '' bulb and feels this one does a better job of ridding our back yard of flying bugs . My husband has to clean the grill around the light every few nights because it becomes covered in the dead bugs . : -RRB-
 What is there to say that most people in their right mind would not know already works good works good
 The light came in perfect condition . This was a replacement bulb from the original Flowtron Bug Zapper purchase . The original bulb lasted just over two -LRB- 2 -RRB- years.It was easy to remove the old and insert the new bulb . Works like a champ.Seller was fantastic with great service and mailing .
 These bulbs are pretty universal . I like these better that the BF215 as they are brighter during the day . I have my bug lights on 24/7 until the bugs get under control . Just moved here so it may take a little time . These are priced right .
 The replacement bulb has been installed and works properly . The bulb attracts flying insects away from our rear entrance and the electrodes of the Flotron fries those which enter . bottom line?We do n't have a mosquito problem around our breezeway ! I highlyrecommend Flotron products .
 Cheap , speed shiping Im happy very good price for a original spare part I recomend it to keep the lamp original
 works good , easy install I have had good luck with the items I have purchased here and usually fast ship .
 Kills bugs year around great bug zapper . Ill buy another one and recommend it to friends and family.The stinger one doesnt work at all
 It 's just a light bulb & works fine . I think I 've had it for a few years to replace the old bug zapper bulb .
 When it comes to the Flowtron #BF -175 High Intensity Bulb 40WI have found that Bugs love it to death , which makes me like it too .
 I had this barbeque in my last home , about four years ago , or at least a built in three burner twenty-four inch unit that looks the same . I believe it might have been an older unit with a different model number . In any event I used it extensively and I liked it so much that when I wanted a grill for my new home it was a no brainer - Turbo.This unit was black . It now comes in black -LRB- classic -RRB- and in stainless steel -LRB- elite -RRB- . The new one I have is SS but I think I preferred the black better , because it does n't show fingerprints and water spots as much . This unit -LRB- twenty-four inches wide -RRB- is a three burner unit . you can buy an optional rotisserie but you must get a unit with a back burner.I bought my Turbo , which is apparently a house brand made in Australia , from a supermarket of barbeques named Barbeques Galore . I 'm afraid they 're not located in all fifty states -LRB- ... -RRB- Anyway the store I bought my last unit from has everything you can think of regarding the back yard except pool equipment and patio furniture , They also have portable gas heaters and fireplace gas logs . They also carry barbeque implements and sauces . The store I used even has an attached Omaha Steaks outlet attached.Getting back to the Turbo Classic three burner grill . It is the smallest of the Turbo grills with a cooking surface of just under 18 '' X 24 '' . This is adequate for must cooking needs except back yard barbeque parties . I found you could grill six large Porterhouse steaks or twelve New York steaks . Just above the grill is a floating shelf that I used to cook fries or tater tots on . This necessitates that you close the hood though so you need to keep a close eye on the grill to make sure a fire has n't started . The three burners have separate valves , which ignite kinetically , so if you are going to grill only two or three items you only have to turn on one burner.Other nice features are the built in thermometer in the hood and the full length handle . The handle on the one I had was wood , which was nice because it did n't get hot but the new ones are stainless steel with a sure grip texture in the center portion . The burners are cast iron and the maximum draw is 45,000 BTUs . The grills are v shaped porcelain coated cast Iron . The unit also has a full length stainless steel drip tray.Conclusion : The overall appearance of these units is very attractive . I often got compliments . I never had any functional problems . It seemed like the Eveready bunny , it just keep on going and going!I think price wise the Turbo is competitive with most other built in units . If you are looking for a barbeque that you can build in at a later date , you can get this unit and a cart and build it in when you are ready.In closing , if you are in the market for an inexpensive high quality barbeque , I would certainly consider Turbo and Barbeques Galore .
 shipping was a little steep on it but a good strong , sharp , and heavy blade . I liked it
 i have a large land of grass and this cut through it like butter . fantastic blade , will buy again .
 This side grass catcher was so convenient to purchase . I looked for it at my local home good stores but no one had it . I went to Amazon and found it and purchased it and within 10 days I had it at my door , and it works great and fits mjy mower great .
 Some of the other reviews stated that the instructions are poor and the bag does n't work well . Just the opposite ! I had the grass catcher installed in less than 15 minutes ... the instructions were adequate , the picture on the instructions tells the story -LRB- just study the picture -RRB- . One recommnedation
 It works , ie
 Ok , when I talked to customer service they said the modelof lawnmower I had would not support a grass catcher . I bought one anyways -LRB- tired of picking up grass all over the place -RRB- and am glad I did.You can not beat the price and it works as advertised . I could not be happier with my purchase -LRB- worth the -LSB- ... -RSB- for sure -RRB- .
 Do n't believe the reviews this was very easy to assemble and works well . Arrived in great time . No complaints . Great quality add-on no more raking
 Putting it together was simple , just follow the included instructions , it catches all the grass debris , good product and my lawns looks great .
 This was the same product we saw in the store for almost twice the price.When it arrived it required some assembly and was a little difficult/directions were n't great . I think that was as exciting as a lawnmower bag can get!Still it was a good value and we would purchase again .
 This bulb replaced one that was n't working . Easy to install.Packaging should have come in a box instead of a thin mailer but still arrived in good shape .
 Great price for a common proiduct used in bug zappers manufactured by the same named company . I save a lot of money , and received this product in about 1/2 of the time most companies take to get their products to me .
 I was a little disappointed that my old bulb burned out so quickly -LRB- about a year -RRB- , but I 'm wondering if something may have happened to it , as it had a burn mark on the outside . The replacement bulb was easy to install and it 's been working nicely ever since .
 We bought the Flowtron zapper at the beginning of the season and it worked so well that we just want to have an extra bulb on hand for next year.The 5 stars is for the whole zapper -LRB- which depends upon this bulb -RRB- . I am assuming that this one will work just as well .
 I was very please to receive the it . I did not want to buy another bug zapper . This was handed drown from my mother . The bulb worked better than a new one I brought from lowes.Thanks for having the product . It was what I need to combat the bugs . I am now prepare to win the war on bugs . Smilehttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00004R9W4/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I been enjoy my flowtron insect bug light with the bulb.I REALLY LIKE ITI LOVE IT BECAUSE I LEAVING ALL NITE LONG FOR THE BUGS I FEEL SAFE WHEN I OPEN MY DOOR ENTER THE HOUSE.YOU , LL ARE GOOD GUYS I GLAD YOU , LL HAVE THEMSI COULD , NT FINDS NOWHERE ELSE.HOUSTON TXCUSTOMER .
 It was everything that was stated . Fast shipping , good prices . Will use them again .
 The bulb works great , I should have replaced the old one long time ago . The only complaint I have is that I could n't order more than one ,
 This bulb was exactly the one needed and it works great . I priced them at other stores and they were very high priced , Only the bugs have regrets for the purchase.Robert Everett
 This is a great product . I 've used it for 5 yrs and it kills bugs everyday , fruitflies and flies the most , eventhough it was tittle to kill mosquitoes . I have to change the light when I do n't hear the zap when the bugs were killed or when I see flies are still around .
 What can I say more than the bulb was as described , it did fit , it arrived on time . My only complaint is that the vendor did not have more of them , I would have bought a half a dozen instead of only one.Don Jenkins
 Yes these items are blubs . Not much else I can say . I have gotten years and years of use out of my bug light by replacing the blub . Everyone should do the same and they will also save money .
 The bulb seems fine and as described . . I have n't installed it yet , no bugs yet . .
 I think this a great product . First one lasted over a year and it runs 24/7 , even in the winter .
 The Flowtron bug zapper is a great product , but bulbs do wear out . The cost of the bulbs are not cheap , but the destruction of bugs by this unit is very good . I use this unit 9 months of the year .
 The bulb that came with my Flowtron BK-15D was left on 24 hours a day from August 2010 to June 2011 . There was no more blue light to it , so I ordered this replacement bulb -LRB- BF-35 -RRB- even though the description did n't mention its compatibility for my Flowtron BK-15D . It works and it was easy to install . I would give it 5 stars if it lasts longer than a year for its current price.The back of the packaging lists this bulb to fit : Flowtron BK-15Flowtron BK-15CFlowtron BK-15CCNFlowtron BK-15DFlowtron BK-2000Galaxie GL-1450Galaxie GL-2050Galaxie GL-3515Bug Fighter PM-1500Bug Fighter PM-2000Bug Fighter PM-2015
 I know it works , especially in the evenings , due to the more than occasional zap and an abnormal amount of spiders which 've smartly made plenty of webs around the cage ... but I 'm still seeing these smaller , faster , dark flies which like to hang out on patches of dirt which have yet to be covered by grass or weeds . There 's neither a garbage can nearby nor is there any other seemingly normal fly `` hang-out '' , but they 're still there -- particularly when it 's sunny . I 've only heard the zapper at work in the evenings and later at night so it must be getting all the mosquitos.I also purchased the special `` fly-lure '' but it has n't completely eliminated the problem . And this is a small backyard -LRB- at least it 's less than 2,000 square meters , the coverage the device is supposed to have -RRB- -- I 'd say mine is about 400 at most.I 'll still give it 4 stars since it does do something , and I have noticed a decrease in bug activity in general.Now it 's been over 15 months and the bulb 's doing fine .
 it is a lite bulb what else can I say , it arrived on time and it works just like a lite bulb
 I bought the BK-15KD by Flowtron , and it has worked like a champ . This replacement bulb is ` just in case ' - since the gnats sometimes swarm for weeks at a time in the evenings . The Flowtron has been a champ in keeping the swarms under control , taking hundreds -LRB- if not thousands -RRB- of gnats out of circulation in a single night . Amazing !
 It was the correct replacement bulb . It works great . I could not find it in a store . It saved me from buying a whole new bug zapper .
 I ordered this item as a spare for my bug zapper but have not needed to use it as yet .
 Flowtron BK-15 is my favorite bug zapper . This is the replacement bulb . Bright UV light . Works well .
 Product fit perfectly and has lasted all season long . These lights work very well at zapping various types of bugs
 My husband LOVES this tree pruner ! I think he 's been planting so many trees in our yard just as an excuse to use this tool ! Just recently we brought it with us to my parents ' home , complete with 15 sprawling acres of trees . My husband was having the time of his life using this great pruner by Fiskars ! My dad thought he was working too hard , then commented that HE wanted one ! Happy Father 's Day , Dad , the pruner is on its way , and only 14 more acres left -LRB- minus the 4 trees we brought home with us -RRB- for you to cut ! Forestry degree not included ...
 This attractant was easy to handle and apply to the electronic bug zapper . Its adhesive backing should work with a variety of bug zapper models . The insert says that the bug attractant is activated and released by the heat from the electronic device . The ease of handling was important to me because I believe that this is a mosquito pheromone , and one wrong move and the hapless user could be the object of much unwanted mosquito attention . It was not a problem , however .
 There is a nice little spot on the bottom of the Flowtron zapper for this cartridge . So I followed in the instructions and put it where it belongs and put the zapper on the pole . A few minutes later I noticed the cartridge laying on the ground . So I had to try and re-stick it , but when you do this , the wrapper is already off so you make your hands smell like mosquito attractant , which is n't a good thing . If your zapper is high in the sky like mine , it 's a pain to get the zapper down and re-stick the cartridge only for it to fall off again a bit later . For some reason after about the 3rd re-stick it held . 3rd time is a charm I guess . I think the next time I put one in I might improvise something with zip tie , or some tape to keep it in there.Did it work ? Well I suppose . I like to have people over on Friday evenings for some grilled food and fire pits . So I spray the Cutter Back Yard spray a few times during the summer season , use Citronella Tiki candles , and some people use personal spray just for an extra level of protection . The Zapper is just another level of defense . So I have no idea if this was working or not , because of my other extensive counter measures . I will say that there were several mosquito kills and I personally without using personal spray took only 2 or 3 bites , but after an entire evening outside , that 's not bad.One day I did n't bother to replace the cartridge and it seemed like the number of mosquito kills went down . That could be that there were just fewer mosquitoes because of my spraying the yard for bugs , or it could be the cartridge really works.I guess , I 'd say try it both ways . See what works best for you . My Flowtron zapper came with one to try out , but it would be worth the few bucks to pick one up and try it just to see if you get more kills .
 I 'm not usually one to wax effusive over something for the lawn , as I 'm just not into yardwork . But I was so impressed with these hose guides that I felt compelled to say something!They 're extremely sturdy ; the `` spike '' part , made of black plastic , is about 9 '' long , and strong enough to be pounded into relatively hard soil . The rounded `` pivot '' part , made of green plastic , rotates around the spike , so your hose wo n't experience any wear . It 's in two parts -- an upper part and a lower part , which move independently -- another nice touch . Some thought went into these , and the quality shows.They look like they should cost several times the Amazon price . After seeing the much more expensive `` decorative '' hose guides , I ca n't imagine buying anything BUT these ! These guides are far more functional and ** much ** better engineered . And they 're not unattractive , either.HIGHLY recommended .
 On my porch in my backyard , there used to be tons of annoying insects flying around , because we live very near to a pond and we have woods . Ever since I got this terrific product , I have been bug free for almost 3 months now!I can go back to having bar-b-ques again ! This is the most amazing product ever created !
 It seems as though the light is really the main attraction . Nonetheless , I 'll take any help I can get .
 Although these are marketed mainly for use with gas powered string trimmers , I use these with a Ryobi EL15 corded electric trimmer and they work great . I use them primarily to cut down tall grasses that grow in the gully at the back of my property . They are durable - I 've had them a couple of years now as I write this review , and I 'm still on the original set . I would not recommend them for trimming along trees or hard surfaces like brick ; I use a regular string trimmer for that . If you 're fed up advancing fresh string , give these a try . I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 Very aggressive . You usually can let the trimmer run at idle speed for light work , but kills the trimmer if you hit something solid at an unfavorable angle . Once you up the throttle on the trimmer , this thing will cut 1/2 '' limbs and will bounce off solid objects without dying . Seems safer than chains , but does wear some if you are trimming against rock/sidewalk . I love them , but wish they had longer wear .
 I have been using these for about 15 years they are so much easier to use than the string . Put them in they usually last me a season and then I replace them .
 Grass Gator Blades fit Grass Gator 3600 Light Duty Bladed Trimmer Replacement head as advertised & work well . Beats the heck out of the string trimmer head .
 This is an excellent product ! I have tried the generic replacement blades and they do n't last as long and I have even seen them fly off the trimmer ! Do n't be fooled by cheap imitations . Make sure to purchase only genuine grass gator replacement blades !!!
 Not being able to find the correct size replacement blades locally , we turned to Amazon ~ it 's not just for media items ! We were pleased with the price , product ease of transaction and shipping speed . Now , back to trimming the lawn .
 Works great . Much better than string . Only gripe is I wished they lasted longer . Easy to install . Easy to remove .
 I 've used this for 2 years cutting heavy brush -LRB- multiflora rose -RRB- that i needed to clear to put up fences and plant trees . It has nicely finshed metal , very sharp , cuts powerfully - far easier than the discount store models . I was worried the wood handle would be too fragile but it cuts so well that it has been not an issue . When you hit a piece of stock too thick to cut through , the wood handles flex and warn you before you reach a breaking point . And it is MADE IN USA !
 I have a Ryobi 790r string trimmer and the string length blade cutter fell off somewhere . There was no way to operate the trimmer as string would keep coming out of the bump head and tangling up . A new blade , about the size of a razor blade , was about $ 3 and $ 6 for shipping , outrageous for something one could mail in an envelope . I had noticed the Grass Gator attachments before and went back to the chain store to see if I could find something to help . I settled on the medium duty Grass Gator `` Trims & Edges '' model 5600 for around $ 9 . This was easy to put on but make sure you lock your shaft and turn that old head off in the correct direction or you may break your $ 45.00 drive shaft . The Ryobi head is lefty tighty and righty loosy . The `` Trims & Edges '' worked great the first time with a bit of original string damage from cutting high grass and weeds . The second use I pulled out the original string with needle nose pliers , measured two new string pieces from a spool of red Shakespeare Pulverizer .095 '' and easily pushed the ends into the holes of the `` Trims and Edges '' head . A single fitted line spreads out to two cut lines so you have four spinning cut lines . The `` Trims & Edges '' worked great again on my Ryobi 790r with little string damage even after going along the yard chain link fence a few times . So do n't worry that you might have to change string a few times in a single use without the old bump head feeder . The string should last a good while . I highly recommend the Grass Gator `` Trims and Edges '' 5600 replacement head which fits 42 brands of trimmers if you are having bump head , string tangling or blade loss problems .
 This is a great replacement for any gas-operated grass trimmer . The design is simple , the plastic body is very durable , and the device works as advertised . . The biggest advantages are : . ... 1 . You have four cutting lines instead of the usual two . ... 2 . Lines do not get tangled . . The only disadvantages are : . ... 1 . You have to pre-cut several lengths of line in advance . ... 2 . You have to manually reload line a few times during a job . . Balancing the disadvantages with the advantages , the extra 15-20 minutes of your time are worth the trouble . In fact , I purchased a second head as a `` backup . '' It is still in storage after five years . The first is still functioning and has outlasted two grass trimmers to which it was attached .
 This Grass Gator fits the bill for ruggedness and fantastic design . Finally , no more tangles and what a great job it does with the .90 string.I have told everyone about this item and so glad they make it . I can do my yard over and over before I ever have to replace string and I have a big yard . String replacement is so easy that a child can do it and like I said , the design is fantastic . Get it . . Easy to put on your weed wacker and get rid of the tangles or string binding up forever .
 I replaced the horrible factory head on an inexpensive Homelite with one of these and it works great . Using it with four lines on a low powered trimmer is okay but it 's slow to spin up when you press the throttle . I also had to place an extra washer under the head -LRB- only one was supplied -RRB- to keep it from wobbling on the Homelite . The heavier line does a good job and barely shows wear compared to the original . I 've only had it for a short time so it remains to be seen how well it will hold up .
 No line spool to deal with . Easy installation , and line placement , and works good . Construction , and composition materials are fair .
 It was a perfect upgrade for my new Troy Bilt trimmer . I have a lot of fencing around the yard , this makes it a lot easier . I would recommend .
 I gave it 4 stars because of the easiness of installing on the Hitachi Trimmer . All the parts and easy instructions were included . I did n't get to see it in action because the Hitachi Trimmer would n't start .
 I took a shot at this trimmer head because the original was a pain in the butt to keep strung . This head works great and cuts much better than the original .
 Forget the installation instructions but its not hard to figure it out yourself . Once installed it works great ! So easy to replace the strings and it takes up to 105 line which seems to last forever . The original bump and feed device stopped working and this is a great replacement .
 An excellent product with great effectiveness . It was delivered on time at a great price , and worked very well . I was more than happy with this product .
 I bought this unit for my gas powered Royobi trimmer because it would n't feed out line without my having to pull the head off to break the line loose . The Royobi is a powerful trimmer and my .105 line virtually welds itself to the remaining coil which prevents it from feeding out . The idea of being able to easily replace the strings on the Grass Gator sounded good so I ordered one . Installation was a simple matter of removing the retaining nut and pulling the Royobi head off , then slipping the Grass Gator on followed by the nut , a 2 minute job . They provide several nuts in various sizes to fit most trimmers . The Grass Gator came with .09 square-section string and the two pieces were shorter than I 'd prefer . For edge trimming a typical lawn it should be OK but I 'm in a rural area on acreage and have to deal with various types of weeds , brush , and blackberry brambles so after half an hour the strings had lost half their length and looked really beat up . I cut new strings from round section .105 stock and made each piece about 4 '' longer than the originals , they do a good job on everything , even brambles over 1/2 '' thick . After running it for over half an hour under these severe conditions the strings had become about 2 '' shorter but were still in good shape for more work . Unlike many string trimmers , the Grass Gator has flared openings for the strings which allow them to bend without braking off at the base , a real advantage . With heavy string -LRB- .105 maximum will fit -RRB- the Grass Gator should do a good job in most situations and require few string replacements . Replacing the strings is also quick and easy .
 shindaiwa 22t owner -- ordered this product and came on time . it did n't have the 7mm -LRB- reverse thread -RRB- BOLT , that i needed . i called grass gator at 800-210-9949 and they sent one out to me at no cost . my wife does the weedeater work and she is very pleased that this head does such a good job -LRB- she was doubtful b/c of price -RRB- . i would recommed this product .
 This is a 4 line beast that really works and cuts through almost anything . -LRB- Not my wood deck , Luckily ! -RRB- This went on very easy and replacing the line was just as easy . I would recommend the largest diameter trimmer line that this thing will fit . Does make your trimmer work harder but I have a medium size weed-eater and it has no problems at all . Possibly the really cheap walmart weed-eater might not tolerate the increased rotational mass but that is speculation of course
 I have a cheaper , curved shaft Yard Machine trimmer and the Grass Gator 5600 worked like a charm . After a few years of dealing with the factory spool and dealing with time-consuming knots and feedback issues , the factory pieces finally snapped . Bolt drove straight through the bumper.I bought the Grass Gator here on Amazon for $ 9 ... 3x less than ordering the replacement parts from MTD 's website -LRB- which in my opinion has horrible customer service -RRB- . I could n't be happier.The instruction manual is a little vague but anyone who might be slightly confused on how to install , just view the installation video at grassgator.com . For my curved shaft trimmer , it was only 3 parts . A spacer , a line head , and a bolt . Took 2 minutes . I was up and running in no time . I can mow my entire lawn without snapping a line . -LRB- minus using against chain-link fences . -RRB- Replacing the lines are a breeze . Just cut 2 lines about a 12 '' each and push the ends through side-by-side entrances that push out through spaced exits giving you 4 ends instead of the typical 2 with a spool.Now instead of breaking my lines on average twice every session and having to manually feed the line ... I can go a handful of sessions without having to replace a line .
 I 'm usually skeptical when I buy something like this but I thought for the small investment , what the hell ... . I have a Homelite weed wacker and this installed in literally minutes ... there was nothing to it and I did my entire yard and front hillside with this thing and with just the string that came with it , with no problem ... my original head and string assembly I would have been replacing string and fighting with it the entire time to the point where I would n't even use it . With this ... after I was done , I slipped the 2 pieces out and put two more pieces of string in , in like a minute . . sooooo Simple . . soooo much better ... I 'm totally pleased with this trimmer head . Anyone looking to simplify their wacking experience should get this trimmer head , wish I would have found this along time ago ... anyway , I give it a 2 thumbs up ! ... well , in this case 5 stars ; - -RRB-
 Just bought this item . My Echo trimmer has 10mm x 1.5 mm Left Hand threads . No nut of that size included . Called the tech support number and they say they are mailing one such nut to me today . One of the disadvantages of this type head is that much of the trimmer line is wasted . Only the projecting ends are usable , the rest is discarded . The feed-type heads use more of the line , but so few of the feed-type work well.Clever design . Poor instructions . User must figure out for themselves the line length and how to install it . It does accept most lines types and sizes.If your trimmer needs a nut size not included , call them . I have a thread gauge which helped me determine what I needed.Have not yet been able to use it , but for the price , it probably will work better than anything else in that price range.The nut was not mailed after my first request . When I called again , they found it packaged but not ever actually mailed . The pocket for the nut for my application is an odd size and their nut probably is the only one that will fit . It really works well . No doubt that it is the best trimmer head for this price and probably beats those selling for twice as much . Not perfect , but quite good . One of my other `` heads '' burns off the line right at the head due to the design of the holes . This one is gentle on the line and lines thus last longer . My previous 4 star is upgraded to 5 star .
 * Background * I have an older Ryobi curved shaft trimmer -LRB- not sure exactly how old , as we bought it off Craigslist , but I 'd guess about 8-10 years -RRB- and this has been an excellent replacement head . The original bump head did n't work well - I 'd have to take it apart 2-3 times just to do the yard.Last summer , I replaced it with anAero-Flex head . Although that worked pretty well I realized the cost of their replacement blades was going to add up fast . When I saw this , I knew I may finally have found an ideal solution . * Installation * It was relatively simple to install . Took me probably 15-20 minutes because I had to figure out how to secure the trimmer shaft so it would n't rotate when I tried to screw the new head on . Once I sorted that out , this screwed on in seconds . * Usage * Line replacement is extremely easy with this head . You just slide both ends of a pre-cut piece into the opening and push/pull into position . The feed channels are very well-designed , in my opinion , since the line smoothly slides into place . Takes no more than 10 seconds to slide the old line out and new line in.The best part of this head is that I can purchase quality trimmer line in bulk and cut it to fit . I 've found that 14 '' lengths work best . We have a corner lot and , using the Magnum line linked below , I have to stop roughly two times for line changes if I do the entire yard . That includes all our edging along the flower beds -LRB- probably 150-200 feet -RRB- along with edging along the curb/sidewalk , which is easily 600 additional feet.That comes out to -LRB- 2 x 14 '' lines -RRB- x 3 sets ... or a total of about 7 feet of line to do the entire yard . I purchasedOregon 22-895 Gatorline Heavy-Duty Professional Magnum .095 Square String Trimmer Lineand the spool should easily last me at least three years . Highly recommend that line as well . Overall , I definitely recommend this head - it 's a great value for the money , especially if you combine it with some high-quality line that you cut to length yourself .
 This is am `` Amazon Verified Purchase `` This product is well made , simple to use , and has no parts to wear out . It 's maintenance free and should last a life time . It takes less than a minute to replace the cutting string . I cut for over an hour in heavy grass with the string that came on it.Edward L BriscoeVaiden , Ms. 39176
 Easy to install and easy to feed line , just use the .105 line because the smaller gauge line does n't last long
 ITEM SEEMS TO BE A 5 STAR deal !!! cuts fast and easy to use . .
 Great for tough stuff like very small trees sprouts -LRB- those oaks can be hard to cut even if less than two feet tall -RRB- , vines etc.Care should be taken when using the product or you could get seriously injured . I advise caution when used by inexperienced and or young people .
 This Gator eats everything in its path ! beware of stones and sprinkler heads ! This booger requires that you wear long pants and safety goggles . We got it because wew were tired of threading and rethreading the string thing . It is now a deadly weapon . and we only bought the plastic blades . definitely not for the feint at heart . The instructions for putting the head on a straight handled Ryobi , were not very clear . took a while to figure out a safe installation that wouldnt fly off and amputate something . Very pleased with its ability to clear brush and course grass . Buyer beware , and keep away from children .
 I started using these blades seven years ago . I was tired of struggling with string . An half-hour straigtening the string and spool then cutting until the string breaks and then starting all over again . I still have the original Gator blade adapter on my cutter . I go through a set of blades about every three weeks but I cut alongside bricks and fences which will wear the blades quickly . These blades are better than the lighter Gator blades and the heavier ones were not worth the extra cost and did n't last as long as the 4610s .
 Interesting that the GrassGator web site sells this same pack of 4610 blades for $ 7.99 , and they ship it for $ 2.41 via USPS .
 Works extremely well , to the point that it attracts -LRB- and traps -RRB- so many yellowjackets that it unfortunately needs frequent emptying . However , of all the traps I 've tried -- and I 've tried a number of them -- this is by far the easiest to use and clean , and for lower cost than most traps . Note
 This trap system works very well . I have two of them and on some days I 've caught at least 50 of them in both traps . I found that apple juice does n't do much but chicken skins , tuna , salmon work really well . Water and soap at the bottom of the trap works just as good as fruit juices and is a lot cheaper . The only gripe I have it that the traps are a bit more money then they should be . Take a plastic jar with a 3/4 inch PVC pipe through it I could have made my own .
 This is an excellent product that began working for us immediately ! I filled the trap with 1 cup of apple juice -LRB- no meat -RRB- , set it outside on our patio table in the morning and left . That evening I checked back and was surprised to see the trap just full of dead wasps -LRB- and a few other flying insects -RRB- ! I set it out again the next day and it has really made a difference ! The best part is the fact that it uses NO pesticides and is completely safe to use around our small children ! I highly recommend this product !
 I have used Oak Farms Yellow Jacket trap for at least eight years . It has significatly reduced the population , expecially if it is put out early spring and you catch some queens . Apple Juice and cat food works the best .
 This is an excellent product that began working for us immediately ! I filled the trap with 1 cup of apple juice -LRB- no meat -RRB- , set it outside on our patio table in the morning and left . That evening I checked back and was surprised to see the trap just full of dead wasps -LRB- and a few other flying insects -RRB- ! I set it out again the next day and it has really made a difference ! The best part is the fact that it uses NO pesticides and is completely safe to use around our small children ! I highly recommend this product !
 I purchased five of these plants to send to NY , Texas and WA and all were very thrilled to receive the plants . They are so fun , happy , have flowers , close at night and just plain ez to take care of.Thank you for your prompt delivery and helping me share some sunshine and love
 It was an unique gift for St. Paddy 's for my sister and it is small , but is still growing like a weed . She loved it .
 Ordered these for St. Patty 's day party favors , repotted & followed directions . -LRB- They arrived as described with directions . -RRB- I was very pleased with the outcome . I will order from these folks again .
 Very sturdy and will not let excess water drip on the floor . I would recommend this to anyone that needs a nice caddy to support their plants .
 Use this plant caddy to keep your plant moist and green during rain fall or watering . It lowers your water bill and wo n't break your bank or back !
 Works with my large planters that I roll in to the garage each winter with my fig trees . They are heavy and I have a bad back so this is wonderful .
 Love the rolling plant caddy . Sturdy enough to hold my big potted plants . Love to use in the colder weather . Can move plants easily , from room to room , anywhere . Also , protects carpet and floors ... no pot rings or damage to carpet or hardwood floors . Bought for inside my home for when I brought my plants inside for the winter ... great investment .
 Does just what it is supposed to do . It is durrable , not to obvious , and my big heavy plants sit on it quite well . I can move them around about as easily as you would expect to move a big heavy leafy plant !
 This caddy is strong and roles nicely . It was a third cheaper than at the store even with shipping .
 Works great , not the most attractive piece but it is covered by a plant so it does n't matter . I will buy more in the future .
 I was very pleased with it . It was a great price for its sturdiness as well as having 4 rollers underneath -LRB- for stability -RRB- .
 This plant dolly is exactly what I needed . Even though it is suggested to keep the pot size smaller , I placed a very large planter on it and it does just fine . I like that it is clear and sort of disappears when viewing the planter . I bought two and they 're terrific .
 Constantly faced with masses of tangled cables , I bought two of these - one for work , and one for me . The one for work works fantastically ; the one I kept , however , does n't cut quite like it should . The metal part is not bent down far enough -LRB- and due to the design , I can not fix it -RRB- to cut the wire unless you slide it all the way into the cutting part . Scissors work just fine , though , and it 's both a great deal and ultra-useful . As a side-note , I bought this from Polsteins , since they are the official Amazon seller , and they did n't even ship it until after the expected arrival date , which we all know is ridiculously long . It does n't seem to be a big problem with them , but you might consider purchasing from someone else .
 I 'm glad I found this product on here . I was n't sure where I had purchased the one that I had and ran out of . The dispenser is so convenient and the tie can be whatever length your needs call for . Great for tying cords when storing appliances !
 I had `` won '' a similar product at a family reunion and used it for many things . Most recently , I used it to tie my grape vines to supporting stakes . When I ran out , I could n't find them locally and was so happy to find them available through Amazon.The wire tie makes these strong and the plastic coating makes them good for indoor or outdoor use . So much better than reusing the paper covered ties that come on grocery store products . Highly recommended .
 We 've used this sort of product for years at our house . It 's handy for all sorts of things . For one thing , we use it for tying trash bags , since the ties that come with them usually are n't long enough . We 've also used this plastic-coated wire to cinch up garden plants , make holiday wreathes and control Christmas light cords . A piece of this wire even makes a quick key ring in a pinch .
 We wanted a close to never ending bit of twist tie to keep in the drawer and this fit the bill .
 I need it mostly to tie plastic bags of some leftover , vegetables or whatever goes into the fridge . I wish if it was a little wider , so it would be easier to twist it . I could not find what I 'm looking for exactly so I will stick with this one until I find one . It 's still good product though
 Kinda cheap but exactly what it should be , including the cutter . Of course it works in the garden , but also for bag ties and versatile christmas ornament hangers . In the latter use it 's actually better looking , cheaper and more adjustable than actual hooks and Amazon Prime means no shipping charge which , for other hooks , can come to several times the cost of the item itself .
 Purchased this item and was very pleased with service . Price was lower than many other on-line merchants , they provided very fast shipping and notification of shipment . Item arrived in perfect condition in good packaging . Will definitely use this merchant for future purchases .
 This is the only bladed attachment for electric trimmers . I like to use it for weeds a few times a year so I did n't want to bother with a gas trimmer because of the maintanance and fuel storage/disposal . Lowe 's used to sell them but they discontinued it 2 years ago and I needed a replaceement .
 In an effort to save a few dollars I decided to stop my gardener and do my lawn care myself . For the price , there was no better purchase . I 've been using this trimmer for a few months now with out a problem and in my eyes , it has already paid for its self . I use it for everything including mowing my grass . Definitely want to get a lawn mower as well , but for the past few months , this trimmer has done the job with out a problem . I have never had a problem with the string advance as others have reported , but I do make an effort to keep it clean . I sprayed the inside with a coat of nonstick coking spray and after I use it , I scrape the grass right off , adds less than 4 mins . to my yard work . As a figure of merit , I have been through 1 and a half spools of string in just over three months and my yard is about 1500 sq. ft.
 I love this product . I was able to do my whole yard with a Homelite Electric Weed Eater -LRB- Wired/no Battery -RRB- . The Homelite was $ 36 . I might have to order another Grass Gator Head because I shaved the socket that holds the blades when I was using it as an edger for the side walks . This Grass Gator will no longer fit any modern day Black @ Decker or Toro . These two companies have intentionly changed their heads , so you have to buy a more expensive gas version . I am very disappointed with Toro and Black @ Decker for doing this .
 Head would not fit my Weed Eater Electric Trimmer Model EL-13TNE . After much struggling to try to get the head to fit , I ended up forcing the head on the Weed Eater and then drilling several holes so that I could secure the head in place with screws . After all that effort fortunately it turned out to be much better at trimming and is much faster than the original string trimmer head .
 I thought about purchasing this item through ... but found it for less than the ... price listed at the time of this review.None the less , this product does a pretty good job at cutting and extending to lengths that reach most of the limbs of a reasonably sized tree found in yards of most residences.There were two things that stood out as far as dealing with this item . The minor of these is that the saw blade that is attached to the working end of this pole seems a bit too flexible . Would have been nice if it was made of sturdier metal . It was good however once you get a start in the cutting of the tree limb ! Nice and sharp!The second , more troublesome aspect , was that the screw-down , that keeps the pole from extending -LRB- more than your desired length -RRB- would sometimes allow the pole to slip through during the cutting of a limb . Hopefully , with use , this will eventually no longer occur.Other than that , the foam grip area on the lower portion of the pole makes for a really great grip when in use.And as far as the pruning blade goes ; it was very easy to trim small branches!While purchasing this item I saw others that had plastic/nylon parts . This one has metal -LRB- where the saw and prunining mechanism are attached -RRB- . Overall , I would say this is a good product to take care of most of your tree branch cutting needs .
 I absolutely love this product . I have a high Crepe Myrtle Tree that grows so tall and wide and brushes up against my roof . I 'm relatively short , and this pole does the trick . It is very easy to handle and trim , ALL BY MYSELF : -RRB-
 I do n't garden . But i have several over-grown trees that requrie cutting back to keep them from my roof and to allow some sunlight onto the ground cover , which is why i bought this tool . Last year , I kept it outside for months in direct sunlight and did n't take care of it , so the cord rotted and frayed . Remembering it was guaranteed , I took it to a local hardware store who asked no questions and replaced it -LRB- the entire tool , not just the cord -RRB- . It has served me well , so I now make sure to treat it well . I clean and oil it after each use because if i do n't it tends to stick and and jam . It 's not the sturdiest , but it is n't a bad tool , and the manufacturer 's guarantee is solid .
 I had a set of these for years , until I loaned them to a neighbor , who loaned them to a friend , who had a cousin who needed to trim a few trees , and well , its spring time again and I need another pair.Wood handles are a blessing and a curse . You should ' t leave them out in the rain , like some children I know , On the other hand they are easy to repair/replace . two bolts and the clippers are as good as new . They flex just right to take some of the jolt out of the cutting . I suppose that you could argue that cutting wood with wood ai n't natural , but it works . There is a reason that wood handle tools are still around.When you handle these clippers the smoothness of the hinge the way the blade slices cleanly just says quality all around . I love'em , and the neighbors will just have to call uncle billy to see who has my old set now .
 As I said in some previous reviews , my Dad is a farmer , and has been for years.He had a Corona Clipper for about 25 years of hard work and about a year ago it finally `` died '' -LRB- both one handle and the clipper had broke down under the pressure -RRB- . I looked for a replacement for the old one and to our surprise - the same model is still being sold , and it 's the one I review here!This clipper is the best one he had -LRB- and he had a lot -RRB- . It 's powerful enough to cut through hard wood fairly easily , the wood handles give it a bit of a flex so It wo n't break and it helps keep the pressure constant.It 's not too heavy like the metallic ones but is stable and reliable.Remember - Due to it 's length it 's not easily maneuverable between branches , keep it in mind and see if you need something smaller .
 These Corona Loppers cut through wood like butter . Although , I assumed , these used to be made in Corona California back in the day , these are not made in the USA . Made in Mexico , from component parts made in USA , Taiwan and VietNam . Still great loppers . The company must have high standards and a good reputaion , because they are everything I wanted in a great , solid , sharp and strong pair of loppers .
 These loppers are just what I needed to go after the exotic invasives in my yard . They cut through a 2 '' diameter branch of bittersweet without too much effort . They make this difficult and lengthy chore just a little bit easier . It was a wise purchase .
 this lopper will cut like no others , do n't waste you money on cheaper ones , just spend the bucks and buy this one .
 As good as I expected . Definitely not the normal cheap junk you get at a big box store.I have made all my winter trimming and they were excellent.I had to get used to a little heavier tool over my head , but the weight is because they are made of real wood and steel . I like them so far .
 Installation on a Stihl FS90R was a bit of a nuisance . The instructions did n't include my trimmer . So itrequired a call to Grass Gator technical support . I was told to ream out the hole on the Grass Gator in orderto slide it over the splines below the threads . After using a rat tail file for a 20 minutes it slipped over.It seems that using washers or a solid spacer to cover the splines might have been both a quicker and lessaggressive/destructive approach . It felt a bit uncomfortable to file away the plastic that I just purchased.On the plus side it took down thick stalky weeks like a hot knife through butter . And I did n't have replacestrings every few minutes .
 Grass Gator products are durable , well designed , and work as advertised . This attachment is no exception . I cleared an area of over-growth with my Echo gas trimmer and Grass Gator brush cutter
 Does an excellent job blasting through raspberries , 1/8 -1 / 4 '' seedlings , goldenrod and other light brush . It 'll do saplings to 1/2 '' or more but you will definitely start dinging the blades . Not the best for grass unless new or freshly sharpened.Flip them over and get a second round . Mine are bent and nicked , beat up pretty good but it still works great.Someone mentioned the plastic stripping ; I had one bad experience with this when I first bought it and currently believe it was my mistake . Somehow , the head popped off and left a mess on the plastic where the nut was . HOWEVER , I think I installed the device upside down . It has worked flawlessly since.The auto shims sound great and I 'll try those the next time around.This item is n't solid steel and is n't for heavy brush or many tree saplings/seedlings , but it works wonders on tall weeds and light brush . Oh yeah it 'll tear up those darn weedy roses pretty good too ; just stay away from the larger branches .
 I live in an area with lots of brush that seems to jump out of the ground come springtime . This device just mows through anything . It was an easy retrofit to my trimmer and I even learned that the normal head on my trimmer just spins off after locking the drive spindle with a pin . Now I can keep a head loaded with string and the blade head ready depending on what I 'm cutting.I do n't recommend this head for actual `` trimming '' that 's what string is for . The blades will be deformed pretty quickly by hard items like block walls , fence posts , lamp posts etc. . If you have an overgrown area or heavy brush trying to take over under trees etc. then this is your tool to use . I have several large sumac bushes that take over the propane tank and anything else they grow around . I was able to turn the head on its side and `` trim '' vertically to knock these bushes back to size.Overall , great product when not used against solid surfaces .
 There really is n't much to go wrong with this trimmer head . . It installed easily , loads in seconds and walks through nearly everything but rock . Good value . And cheap too !
 I have several tools for keeping tall grass and weeds under control over several acres . Over the years , my trimmer has seen string heads , plastic blade cutters , and even a cutter that used short pieces of bicycle chain . This Grass Gator does the best job . No string to keep wound . No plastic blades to replace when they hit a rock . It cuts everything down easily and installed easily on my Stihl trimmer.I liked it so much , that I bought one for a friend . He has an OLD Stihl -LRB- probably 15-20 years old -RRB- . There was a problem installing his . The shaft for this trimmer was too thick . However , application of a Dremel tool to widen the hole for the shaft just a little bit , and he 's as happy with it as I am .
 Grass gator trimmer heads have always worked great for me.This one loads easy . Its tough.Easy to change the replacement lines .
 I 've been using this attatchment on my Echo 210 -LRB- highly recommend -RRB- for about three months . It is without a doubt one of the the best tools I own . I live in a semi-wetland with a lot of blackberries and comfry.I went over the entire property with a circular metal blade to clear a lot of the heavier duty sticks . I then use the Echo/Gatorhead to maintain and it works flawlessly . It is so fast , never gets tangled with grass and just flat kicks @ss . The only downside is if you hit a lot of rocks and such the blades do n't hold up . However , you can turn the blades over and then replace when that side is damaged . For tough weedeating this is the only way to fly .
 Cuts grass like a lawn mower , it does not hack the grass as line trimmers do.Blades tend to bend after some tough use - I think because the Stainless Steel is inflexible when the blades come into contact with solid walls , rockeries etc.For great lawn trimming worth every cent , I bought 2 more to give to friends - thats how good this Grass Gator is .
 Cuts vines and saplings with ease . Blades last longer than anticipated . Just be careful when using it or when loaning it out . It requires one to be fully alert and to wear all the appropriate safety gear .
 Bought this in lieu of spending hundreds on a brush cutter . Easy to install on existing gas weed eater -LRB- Ryobi 700r -RRB- . Starts a little harder since there 's more weight on the head but once it gets going , it cuts great . Cut down sapplings 11/2 '' in diameter . Have used a handful of times now and still working great .
 First of all , put on your safety glasses and if you 're too cool for safety glasses , go to the home improvement store and get some safety glasses that are sunglasses because you WILL need them ! Stay away from gravel and such , or you WILL get rebounding debris and it WILL hurt , no matter how much you deny it . That said , Grass Gator is easy to install , the blades are n't too bad to change if you have to change them . See if you just weed/brush eat what a reasonable person is supposed to , they stand up to use . If you are like me and go chopping all kinds of small trees with them and run up along buildings and concrete , you will wear the little plastic covered blades down after a season or two . Some things in life are worth every penny and more and I ca n't tell you how glad I am to be freed of the weed eater string . I can actually get some substantial work done with the Grass Gator .
 This replacement head required a lot of force during installation onto my McCulloch MCT2303A 14-Inch 6-3/4 - Amp Electric Trimmer . Once I got it on I thought to myself `` this could never work . '' To my surprise it works exceedingly well . I run this combination on 120 feet of 8-gauge plus 100 feet of 10-gauge plus a 14-gauge short whip that stays on the trimmer . With this setup I can wax my fire hazards without having to spend time at the gas station . Using my DeWalt I drilled out two rivets so I could remove the guard mount so tall grass would stop spooling around the shaft . Now everything flies out radially and I have no such down time . I wear extra tall rubber boots along with other safety gear , and I pay careful attention to what I am doing , so not using the safety guard has not been a problem for me . It 's there on the new trimmer because of all the whiners who are sue happy . This head requires more power than a 5-Amp motor can deliver . Certainly the tailpipe just is n't big enough on a 5-Amp trimmer . In my opinion my 6.75-Amp trimmer does well with this head but only because the stator on this particular motor is so big and because I do not push the tool any faster than it can work .
 This product is fast and easy to install and works great . now i dont have to keep spooling the wire like before . Def advise this to anyone who is looking for something that is easy to install and use .
 Actually it 's a wood mounted cork mat . It works just fine and seems to hold up well . I 've been using mine for almost a year now .
 The 12 '' cork mat I got is just what I was looking for . It is well made and looks to last a long time . I will check this vendor again for this type of product . I was looking for a natural product , and am very happy with it .
 The instructions for istallation were not as clear as I would have liked , but its working nice
 I recently picked up one of these at a yard sale , thinking , `` Hey , it might actually work , and then I wo n't have to fuss with replacing line . '' I have a heavy duty Craftsman 3.5 hp push type trimmer , and the Grass Gator assembled easily right to the hub . It even has a rounded bottom that keeps the blades about .50 minimum from the ground . And the blades are literally a snap to change . I will definitely not go back to string . And be very cautous about the chain type replacements . If one of those chains break , it could go right through your ankle , or clip Fido 's nose off . This works very well on grass and light weed trimming . If you 're going after heavier weeds and brush , you should get the Grass Gator II , it is heavier duty .
 The gator is awesome , and well worth the price . I detest string trimmers and the bumping on the ground and the frustration in reloading . This fixes all of that , and works like a charm.It 's easy to install , easy to use , and is more effective than string.The only thing I have n't had to do yet is replace one of the blades . That might change my review if that 's a pain , but I doubt it will be given the success of the product in general.Last point . Compared to string trimmers , the gator is probably more dangerous . A have n't tested this as it would require trying to hurt myself with the thing . It just looks kind of mean and nasty in motion , almost like a saw blade for grass . Eye protection is a requirement , and follow the safety instructions to the tee .
 This thing works great . Lays down a nice even cut that looks great with a freshly cut lawn , unlike string that can butcher the lawn around the house.The first thing to know about this is that the blades are a hardened plastic -LRB- not even all that hard either -RRB- , so they do not have the flexibility of string . Every review I read about the blades snapping or wearing down quickly is always a story of weedeating around bricks and rocks ... COMMON SENSE , READ WITH EXTREME CAUTION , something hard bangs against something hard = something is going to give/break < -- that just blew your mind did n't it . Well DUH String is flexible which is why it will last longer with your caveman tactics of weedeating . If you do have common sense then this thing will last a long time and will make weedeating so much easier and quicker . Honestly if you have a lot of nooks n crannies that you need to get your weedeater into then use string , but for going around the perimeter of your house and/or trees that are n't in the rain forest use this product . Again , the blades are plastic they are not metal so do n't expect these to saw wood for the winter.The blades are white , so when they 're spinning they are highly visible and you can see exactly where the blades are at . It does take a bit of getting use to and the big time added bonus for me is that the blades cut , they cut the grass instead of slaughtering it and slinging it all over the place . So you can weedeat in shorts without looking like the swamp thing covered in grass and grass juice when you 're done.I trim around the house with brick foundation , trim around 8 trees in the yard , trim around a shed , and trim a ditch line at the road that 's maybe 25-30 yards long and probably 3-4 yards wide . Keep the the weedeater head level on the ground and just guide it around , gives a nice even cut and almost seems like it guides itself around . I only have to weedeat every 2 weeks cause it does such a great job .
 After having to return an blade that did n't fit my WeedEater FeatherLite Trimmer -LRB- orinal item fit 99 % of models - just not mine ! -RRB- I found the replacement unit to be A. Easy to all and B. Very effective at cutting through fairly sizable weeds and shoots . Recommended !
 Grass Gator 3600 Light Duty Bladed Trimmer Replacement head works as advertised ; beats the heck out of the string trimmer head .
 Good product . Easy to install on my Ryobi weedwacker . Not sure about the heavy duty part though ... I would have expected the blades to last a little bit longer . Mine wore down quickly , HOWEVER , I must admit they were used in very rough underbrush and hit many a root and rock . I would definitely buy again
 Not alot to say here - I mean they are just twisty ties . I like using the green ones to help hold up Christmas decorations , but of course I use them throughout the year for other projects . The only complaint is the cutter does n't cut very well , and it 's already partially fallen off . Still , a pretty minor issue and if need be could just be cut with scissors ...
 I ordered this on line because you ca n't always rely on Home Depot having stock . I was really looking to see what might be available for just general tying things together . I guess this is about as good as it gets . Generally I use it to hold coiled cable for my radios in place . Works OK , sometimes a little difficult to cut with one hand while your holding the cable in place with the other ... guess I could cut a piece first and hope it 's long enough ...
 I love it . It is very flexible and strong . I have used it to make Christmas bows and they turned out great .
 This stuff is really easy to use and extremely strong . I used it outdoors and after three winters it 's still intact .
 Great quality , very useful to tie things up especially for the long wires of computer charges , usb wires and so on
 It 's the perfect thing when you need to secure any number of cables of various thicknesses and lengths . The mess that this item prevents is priceless .
 I needed these for my office to protect a nice credenza . I use for large coffee thermos pumps for meetings . They work well , they arrived quickly and were a good price .
 I have this set up operating off X-10 commands that are generated from my HAI Omni security system . while vacationing on the great lakes I called my security system and had it run irrigation every few days , but not when my Iphone app said it was raining.I can tell you this is a rugged and easy to use device . It has operated flawlessly for 3 years now and is way more flexible then the standard timer based irrigation system . It must be placed outside in an enclosure , and has some nice features like a maximium allowable irrigation time that is a failsafe against runaway irrigation . thumbs up .
 Easy to setup ... supports many zones . Ties into my home automation system and works perfect !
 This is a great product to use on a brush cutter . It is getting harder to find any companys that sell them.You do have to use protective equipment while useing these blades they are made with metal , and do cut very well , just be mindful if there are rocks they will fly !
 My husband uses the grass gator on his brush cutter for jobs that are heavier than the plastic line will handle . He loves the product and Amazon has the best price .
 then you will need this . I picked up the Grass Gator at the local big box store and wonder why I did n't get one of these a long time ago.I have property with areas that are prone to grow thick weeds and small saplings . Attacking them with a heavy duty string was NOT working . The string would not last and would tangle in the tall grass . I now have an extra trimmer head with this installed so I can grab it and go.Caution ! As one reviewer has already stated and I will say again - use safety gear ! In fact a face mask would be better along with safety glasses because this thing will create shrapnel and they will hit you in the face . Also wear heavy boots or mud boots in case you decide to step into the path of this thing . I use an extension on my trimmer head to keep it farther away from me - I can also get a wider cutting radius using it.You will bang up the blades if you hit fence posts or rocks so get replacement blades.Now go clear some brush !
 First of all , put on your safety glasses and if you 're too cool for safety glasses , go to the home improvement store and get some safety glasses that are sunglasses because you WILL need them ! Stay away from gravel and such , or you WILL get rebounding debris and it WILL hurt , no matter how much you deny it . That said , Grass Gator is easy to install , the blades are n't too bad to change if you have to change them . See if you just weed/brush eat what a reasonable person is supposed to , they stand up to use . If you are like me and go chopping all kinds of small trees with them and run up along buildings and concrete , you will wear these little plastic covered blades down after a season or two . Some things in life are worth every penny and more and I ca n't tell you how glad I am to be freed of the weed eater string . I can actually get some substantial work done with the Grass Gator .
 Throw away your crap lawnmower string and get something that will actually take out some brush . . these things are the best !
 I have been using these metal blades for years and have so far never had to replace one . I have over 70 acres and these do a great job of thick brush . Not suitable for weed-eating around brick/concrete/siding / or posts . These are best for open areas . I have bent them a few times striking roots/stobs/rocks but you can just bend them back with a pair of pliers . I only ordered these because they are getting hard to find and I hear they are being replaced with the plastic ones .
 I needed these for my office to protect the floor . They work well , they arrived quickly and were a good price .
 I bought this product to train Trumpet Vine to grow on brick walls in my courtyard . They are fabulous ! Since they are clear and the ties are green , you really do n't see them unless you look hard . And as the vines grow , the foliage covers the ties . Do n't use too much glue , and make sure you let the glue dry well -LRB- overnight is best -RRB- . I put them on the bricks in the spring and only 1 came loose ! The vines are growing nicely and blooming beautifully !
 One of my vines started going over a fence to my neighbour side , so I bought these plant stakes to keep it on my side of the fence . They sticked to woodern fence very well . Since the plastic pieces are clear and the cable ties are green , I could hardly see the stakes at all .
 Just recently , We had planted vines in our office building and as the plants grew , they were n't attaching themselves to the walls so I found these on amazon . I received the package fast and started sticking these on the walls and sure enough , the vines started clinging .
 This is a great product to keep your vines supported , hard to find in local stores
 The vine supports are good and hold the vines well . My only disappointment was that it did not attach to the metal beam of my windows . The hook came off the beam after two days , however the rest are still holding on pretty well to the wood . Will definitely buy again for my next vines .
 The description online on the Corona clipper states that there is a 2 inch diameter cutting width , but actually the descriptive information on the tag that comes with the clipper indicates only 11/2 inch diameter cutting width . I called Corona to verify the information on the tag and was told that it is correct . It would be very difficult to make a 2 inch diameter cut because a larger clipper would have to be used . The compound action effect of the clipper makes cutting limbs an easy task . The clipper is a bit heavy for a woman to use but no problem for a man . The clipper is well constructed and should last for many years . I use the clipper on branches within the 1 to 11/2 inch diameter because of the ease of use.Overall the clipper is well worth the price that I paid for it .
 I can cut thru big branches with ease with these trimmers . These are much better than the trimmers sold at the big box stores . The mechanism compounds the cutting strength , making my jobs much easier !
 These pruners are awesome ! They will last forever . Built realwell and can tackle tough jobs ! I always fear a super thick limb will break them and it never does ! They are great !
 I needed some loppers to cut some branches on some trees , decided to go with these because of the price and all the positive feedback . They work flawlessly and now I can keep my house trees trimmed to where I want them .
 This is a good product . This is my second one and I purchased it because the other one had a damaged blade and it was more economical to purchase new than to repair .
 These are the premier clippers available . I have used MANY cheaper clippers in the past -LRB- all of which I cussed at some point or another -RRB- ; these just WORK . For what you get , the few extra dollars spent are worth it in saving aggravation.These are well built , and have more leverage and more cutting power than anything I 've used in the past . I bought them on the recommendation of a friend who has used them for years , and likes them so much he has several pairs scattered around his outbuildings.BUT make sure you buy these 32 '' models . There is a smaller pair available also ; I have not used them , but for pure cutting power you need these.These WORK ! No more cheap clippers for me !
 Strong and lightweight , this set of loppers is all business . I went to work with them and cut big nasty thorn and blackberry bushes , heavy brush , and small trees . It is limited by opening -LRB- and this operator 's strength -RRB- to comfortably cutting up to about 11/4 inch stock at a single lop . But by nibbling at the cut one can easily double that diameter . I am impressed by the ease and cleanness of the cuts made by this tool . The only negative is that the foam hand grips are not well glued to the handles and tend to slide up with heavy use . If the foam had been better attached to the handles this would have easily rated 5 stars . But I ca n't give that rating even though the fix is simple for the owner to implement . One should not have to fix new tools.Apart from that they work very well . I initially thought that the anvil action would be inferior to the curved jaws I had previously used , but that was not the case . These loppers do not slide out of the cut as I thought they might . They are direct and effective .
 I was getting ready to buy just a replacement blade for this Lopper but on looking further , I noticed a brand new one was about $ 5 more than just the small blade so of course I bought the whole new lopper instead . Thanks again Amazon .
 I 'm very pleased with these . We have lots of maple trees and I use these to get the low-hanging branches . I have cut branches an inch in diameter . Very sharp , so be careful and obviously , do n't leave them in reach of kids .
 Works great , but it 's a little heavier than the last compound clipper -LRB- another brand , which was discontinued -RRB- that I had . All in all , I 'm happy with it .
 We use these loppers for our habitat restoration work at the Nature Conservancy 's Ives Road Fen Preserve . They can cut a fairly large bush or sapling . After 100 hours or so of use the linkages wear . After more hours the fiberglass handles become flexible and fracture where the rivets go through them . We have figured out how to rebuild/repair both of these areas . In seven years two blades have broken . Replacement blades can be purchased from the Corona website . A homeowner using these would have no problems in a lifetime of use . These are the best combination of high capability and low cost that we have found . The anvil type blade can be easily sharpened with a hand-held angle sharpener .
 The Corona Clipper is absolutely the best . After going through Hurricane Irene , the Corona Clipper came to my rescue in cutting up tree branches and getting them ready for pick up . I would most certainly recommend this product .
 Received it quickly and am now using it for the spring cutback of our azealas . Cutting big limbs takes some exertion , but it works as advertised . The other reviewers were on target .
 I have used my lopper for many years for heavy duty cutting of branches and roots . It 's a great tool .
 I wasnt able to go to my hardware store to i got these clippers and they work just fine . the best thing is they have changeable parts . I hired a guy to cut other trees down but he wanted to much to trim my larger tree so i decided to get these cutters and they work just fine .
 This is a great clipper . It works very well , cuts cleanly , and does n't take a lot of effort . The black grips slipped on the old one over the years , but that is not significant . I accidentally nicked the blade and anvil after years of use . It was cheaper to buy a whole new clipper from Amazon than to buy the replacement parts from the company and pay shipping .
 I mainly use this tool in the Wilderness to help clear trail for the FS . The fiberglass handles make it light weight to use all day . I can hang it from my saddle horn and it does not bang the horse as a metal handled set would traveling between areas . I can cut a 21/2 '' green tree or a 11/2 dry one . I have used mine for about 3 years without touching the blades yet .
 Corona Clipper Compound-Action Anvil Lopper #FL 3420Of the half dozen large loppers we 've used and owned over the years , this one makes cutting tree limbs/branches the easiest . This is due to the compound action 's added leverage , and , its anvil cutter -LRB- versus the scissors type -RRB- , which does n't twist on the wood while cutting , like scissors loppers sometimes do . When there is serious trimming to do , this is the tool I reach for . To top it off , they are n't very expensive.The only downside to this tool is the foam handles are too soft , so they get chewed up with normal usage.In spite of Amazon 's sales blurb , this lopper ca n't cut 2 '' wood , and I 'm 6/4 270 lbs . Maximum cut is maybe 1.5 '' in softwood , and 1.25 '' in hardwood , like oak or cherry . Anything larger than that , and I use a saw .
 I broke a blade after several years of use and abuse . While I was researching a replacement blade I bought a brand new FL-3420 lopper , because I liked the old one so much . Just ordered a new replacement blade by calling Corona directly as mentioned in other reviews . Only complaint is that the foam rubber grips on the old set have come loose and slide up and down the handles . I intend to reseat those with the same stuff I use for my motorcycle grips . Otherwise , these work great .
 I will never be without this Corona lopper . Have three other kinds and they do n't even compare to this one . A friend gave it to me to trim my trees about 10 years ago . It has cut hundreds of large branches and small trees . The cut is remarkably neat and clean . Large branches and small trees do take some elbow grease , but well worth the effort ... I suppose a small woman might have some trouble leveraging a thick cut , but I am strong and I do n't have any problems . It is phenomenal . I have never had any problem with blades or breakage , and I have loaned it to many friends for heavy duty jobs over the years . A little of the rubber grip is wearing off after all this time , but that is the only deterioration . Going to cut up a large tree limb fallen by the wind right now. , , , do n't waste your money on the others .
 Have had one of these for YEARS . Much regular heavey , abusive use , and it has been indestructible . Just ordered another as our other , lighter-weight anvil loppers just do n't cut as much as easily . This is THEE lopper to have , and is our go-to tool for brush clearing , woods trail-making , home pruning and general yardwork . To use it is to love it .
 My wife & I added this lopper to the arsenal of tools we are using to clear brush on our five acres . It is well-constructed and has worked as described in the product description . I went with it over others because I have a Corona telescoping pruning saw that has also served me well . So far , I 'm sold on Corona products .
 This has been an excellent tool for me for many years . I have had no problems with it in all that time . A friend used mine to cut steel cable . Yes , it did , but damaged the blade . -LSB- ... -RSB- Or you can buy a brand new one from Amazon for 30 bucks and know you are getting a great deal on great equipment .
 I really liked this lopper . I 've had it for over 2 Years and worked it really hard . Unfortunately , I loaned it to my neighbor and he gave it back to me with a couple of large chips in the blade which makes it difficult to make a clean cut through a limb of any size . Sure wish I cold get as replacement blade ! If replacement blades were available , I 'd rate this lopper as 10 Stars !!
 Received the clippers . I did n't unpack them . It 's winter , I figured I would not need them till the spring . We have tree trimmers here the other day and one of the men asked if I had clippers . I opened the box and have them the tool . About 2 hour later the boss came in and asked where got them . He was said they cut off 2 &#34; limbs like cutting butter . RD
 I found this cutting tool to be very well suited for pruning palm trees that have those very sharp frond stickers such as the Pygmy Date . The tool has the long handles and a wide jaw opening that are needed to make the job a more pleasant task .
 I love this loppers and it took me awhile but I found the replacement blades . Call Corona toll-free , phone number listed at their website coronaclipper.com . These items are not listed on their website-Part #FL 3420-1 -LRB- blade -RRB- and #FL 3420-2 for -LRB- anvil -RRB- . Hope this helps !!
 Great tool for general pruning . Do not believe reviews downgrading this product due to alleged false claims regarding blade replacement.Those blades are available . I just purchased one . It is about $ ... . Buy it and have fun pruning .
 I had my clippers for almost 3 years then they broke . yes it sounds like i should be rating them way lower then 5 stars , but so not true . I was trying to chomp through a 2 inch oak tree in my hedges and i managed to break the arm on the clippers . Originally i emailed corona just to see about replacement parts , and lo and behold , 2 emails and a couple digital photos of the carnage later , my new clippers should be here in a few weeks . This product comes with a limited LIFETIME warranty . This is my 3rd set of bypass loppers and I will probably never change brands again . Until the big crack they did there job flawlessly . Well new pair have arrived , it only took 1 week to get them from the west coast .
 This is one of the toughest loppers I have used . It cuts a wide variety of woods with ease and can take a beating . Keep it clean , oiled and sharp and it will last a long while.As with all anvil loppers you have to remember not to torque the blade or twist the handles as you cut . This is what will bend even this sturdy blade . This happens most on larger limbs where the user 's upper arm and chest strength is tested , even with the compound action of the lopper , and the user tends to twist rather than squeeze the handles . The fact is that not every user can , or should , try to cut any limb that will fit in the lopper . You can bend this sturdy tool if you use it incorrectly.Many of the limbs I was often using a bow saw on I can now cut with the 3420 . It makes clean-up work on downed tree limbs a much easier process . I am very happy I purchased this tool .
 I recently broke our old trusted lopper and replaced it with this CORONA model . In hindsight I think that the model I previously owned might have been an older CORONA model -LRB- it was absolutely fantastic -RRB- , and that I could perhaps have repaired it with a set of replacement blades . However , by the time that thought went through my head , the garbage had already been picked up - too late for a possible dumpster diving rescue mission . That being said , I could n't be happier with this one . It has immense cutting power and produces amazingly clean cuts . Also , even when you do n't align the lopper perfectly straight , the blades will still not `` twist '' , which is what happened when I tried another `` Home Depot '' model which was actually more expensive than this one from CORONA . At this time the new lopper is , well , still very new , which might explain the degree of strength it currently takes to open and close it . Loosening the bolts somewhat or a little WD40might take care of that , but I have n't gotten to it yet as I have just been to busy working the lopper . I can not say anything bad about this thing , on the contrary
 I 've used one of these for almost three years and made MANY THOUSANDS of cuts - oak branches , whitethorn , manzanita , and also dead wood . Mine are getting a little long in the tooth , but still cut well after sharpenings with a flat file . This is one of my favorite hand tools .
 Most handsaws suck . Disgustingly . I have been risking ruin to my Japanese-pattern woodworking saws for years by using them as pruning saws . They have sharp teeth like chisels , cut only on the pull stroke -LRB- this puts the oh-so-thin blade into tension , keeping it straight and flat -RRB- , and cut with mind-boggling speed . Well , this is n't one of them , but it 's a step in the right direction . The teeth are not fine enough for what 's always going to be used as a crosscut saw , and supposedly always for pruning . The blade is about two times too thick , if not four , but I suppose that they were 1 -RRB- scared of people who did n't understand that one should apply NO PRESSURE WHATEVER on the push stroke , 2 -RRB- ignorant , or 3 -RRB- trying for greater durability and less chance of the thing losing a tooth . The curve in the blade is MAYBE useful in pruning thinner branches , but in my opinion is WORSE than USELESS and merely an attempt to make an unfamiliar tool look familiar . It seems to be no help in cutting thinner branches , and in felling small trees or cutting tree limbs it 's a complete , utter PAIN IN THE ARSE . Despite all these shortcomings , this is a much better pruning saw than any I 've seen on the mass market . I suspect that Takagi or someone will eventually sell a better one
 This saw cuts only on the pull action , which I like . It takes a lot less effort than what I was expecting . It does n't cut small limbs well , but that 's what they made loppers for . Seems like it will last quite awhile .
 If you order more than one of these saws , request that they be sent in one package . We ordered 12 saws and they arrived in 8 huge boxes , full on those plastic airbags . What a disgrace.Debby
 This is a really nice pruning saw , robust with an excellent cutting action . The build quality is excellent , and I think it worth the extra money . Practically as fast as using a powered saw , with none of the awkwardness . I am using it on branches up to 3 inches , and it cut them like butter . Have had it for a few months now , and very pleased .
 This item works very well and I would buy it again if I ever need another saw . Good buy , cuts fast .
 Saw seems to cut fine , does what it was designed for . Well pleased and would recommend it as a good purchase .
 It seems to be very good quality and I like the fact that the blade is replaceable . Good Christmas gift !
 I liked this so much I bought another for my camping trips as it makes cutting wood simple and easy . I find this easier than taking out a chainsaw to trim the trees and bushes around my house . WARNING the teeth are extremely sharp ! but I 'm not complaining .
 My husband 's favorite saw when we go camping.We had one for about 10 years , needed a new blade . Decided on a new saw.Now I can take the old one on a hiking trail for trail maintenance .
 OMG , I could n't believe how fast I cut through a 6 &#34; limb with this saw . Civil War surgeons would have loved it ! It has a great no slip handle , nicely curved , cuts on the pull . You ca n't go wrong with this one . Does n't come with a scabbard but they are available . Shipping was super fast .
 The Corona Clipper is one of the best quick hand saws for keeping your yard 's trees in shape . I 've tried other brands , but the Corona seems to works with much less effort and does n't stick as some saws do . I 've removed limbs as large as 6 '' -8 '' diameter in very short time with this saw . No need for a chain saw noise and bulk for most pruning needs and it 's much safer when working form a ladder or precarious positions . highly recommended . I wish it came with a sheath , but I just duct taped over the cardboard packing to create one .
 Need the right tool for the job ? Well this is it!I 've used pruners and other saws and NOTHING compared to the cutting power of this saw.I needed to remove large limbs from an apricot tree , and kept putting the task off because nothing I owned could do the job . Then I found this saw on amazon , read the reviews and figured , what the heck , I 'll try it.I pruned the tree in less than 15 minutes -LRB- cutting off about a third of the branches -RRB- and had so much fun with the saw that I moved on to a tree stump that had been left by a previous homeowner . I cut a 10 inch diameter tree trunk at ground level in about 3 minutes . This saw goes through wood like it 's butter . The best 25 bucks I 've ever spent on a tool - bar none !
 I have used this saw for over 10 years , with a ton of use , and it is as sharp todayas it was the day I bought it . For small jobs , I found it faster to use than gettingout a chain saw .
 The Best Saw on the market . I used to do Landscaping for retired military families in the Columbia , SC area . I have used these saws for years . You used to be able to purchase them at Local Home Improvement Stores , But I have n't found the in two years , Thanks Amazon for Supplying us Dads that are safe and do n't use Chainsaws ... Happy New Year and Be Safe !!
 I borrowed this pruning saw from my neighbor to trim some Crepe Myrtles and the saw really did the job . I then purchased one for myself and my son-in-law got one for himself . I do n't often rave about a product but this one deserves praise .
 The product is great ! It 's comfortable to use and allows me , an older woman , to cut through hefty branches with just a few strokes . I could n't be more satisfied with the product or the dealer 's service .
 Comfortable to hold and well made I have used this to prune some tree limbs up to 18 '' in diameter because of storm damage from this past winter . The saw blade is strong and sharp
 This is the best tree trimmer saw I have ever found . I tried others - including Stihl - but the Corona 's rubber handle makes hard work more comfortable and fits my grip very well . This is the second time I have bought this saw . The original purchase still works well but I noted that the big box stores were no longer stocking it so I thought to buy another before they are no longer available .
 Good piece of equipment for the purpose . Purchased for work on cherry trees and grape vines . Reports are that it does the job well .
 The Corona RS 7120 cuts very quickly and with minimal effort . -LRB- It cuts on the pullback -RRB- I have given several to friends , one with very little strength in her hands , and she can still cut thick branches EASILY . I have used many pruning saws , and the the size and shape of this one if perfect . I recommend this saw highly . You can use it in place of a chainsaw for small projects . When the blade finally gets dull -LRB- my first one took several months of hard use -RRB- , you can order new blades for about $ 10.00 each . It 's easy to replace the blades and they do n't loosen up at all . Warning - if you get one you will want to give all your friends one also .
 We bought this for my dad to use and he finds this product great . It 's sharp and trimmed our trees well . We have 3 big trees in our backyard , this pruning saw worked just fine . It did a great job . We had lender it to a friend and he liked it , too .
 Bought this to trim a few high branches I did n't want to use the chainsaw on ... It worked so well and cut so easily I ended up going nuts and trimming the whole tree ... Does not fold so it is very rigid and works great . Cuts very easily too . Lightweight so you can climb up the tree like a monkey and get those hard to reach branches . Lifetime warranty too !
 This baby beats any pruning saw I have ever used ! It 's SHARP and easily cuts through hardwoods like oak . Do n't make the mistake I did however - if you are holding the branch you are cutting , do n't get your hand near it - it works as well cutting the end of your finger as a branch if it jumps !
 a quality product at a good price ... . found using this extremely comfortable because of the soft handle ... . would reco this saw to all need need a quality tool ...
 Excellent product with good balance and blades that makes cutting tree branches easy . Very little force or pressure is needed when cutting with this saw .
 I had a saw like this for TEN years before deciding to replace it and searched for this type from this manufacturer in particular . I am so glad I did .
 Do n't keep it in a place where condensation will promote corrosion of the teeth . Even a little dull and it does n't cut well at all . Clean and oil it after each use . Dull , bark colored handle makes it hard to find if you put it down in leaves and brush or hang it on a branch . The new , 14 inch with the red handle is a better choice .
 Very sturdy and well made item . I was very pleased with this saw . I needed a good saw for getting some pretty decent size branches cut that were in very tight spots . So far I 've used them to cut up to 4 inch branches with ease.The only con for this is you ca n't use it on for pruning light branches because it grips too hard and will tear off the branch before it 'll cut it
 This is a great cutter . I use it to slice through branches all around my yard . It has a hight visibility red handle . It does not come with a sheath but that is not a big deal to me . You are supposed to be able to buy replacement blades for it . I have an older one -LRB- same model -RRB- that needs a new blade so I am going to call the manufacturer .
 So the guy that lives across the street has some hot daughters , but other than that , he 's pretty much worthless . He does n't do much around the house , parks broken-down sedans in his driveway for years , and leaves his Christmas lights up all year round . They are so weathered , hardly any of the bulbs work . So when the spirit hits him , and he fires them up for the season , his house looks like it broke out with a rash . Also , his wife has terrible taste in window treatments . The curtains on this house look like my childhood bedroom 's wallpaper , or like soiled Arby 's napkins left out in the rain.Anyway , I also have one more problem with this guy 's shanty of a home
 I have a few of these and I really put them to the test.I also have other , larger pruning saws , but these small saws are very handy.When properly cared for -LRB- oiled to prevent rust , sap/pitch removed -RRB- they last for a long time.I can cut through a 6 '' Oak branch with one of these in minutes . Keep it sharp , develop the arm/shoulder strength and coordination , and you will be surprised-perhaps amazed-at what you can do with this implement.My experiences and perspectives seem to be rather different than the previous poster . I disagree in regards to the blade shape , thickness , and coarseness.SHAPEThe curved blade is , in my opinion , a good design . I also have saws from Fanno -LRB- another maker of quality pruning eqpt . -RRB- and they are all curved . In fact , all my common pruning saws , from 13-24 '' have curved blades.I have a large timber saw -LRB- think 3 ` long 1man version of the traditional 6 ' two man `` misery whip '' -RRB- and a folding saw with straight blades , but these are the minority . The short , straight saw is very useful when pruning the unwanted branch or trunk from a `` Y '' or double trunk , but that is about all I use it for . The timber saw is used much like a bucksaw and the straight blade is fine for that purpose.The curved blade serves two purposes . 1 It helps you maintain a straight line around the branch . I am sometimes in an awkward position , straining , and/or exerting strenuously when pruning . The curved blade wraps , to some extent , around the blade and helps maintain a straight cutting line.A straight cut is n't terribly important when making the initial cuts on a large branch -LRB- 1st cut removes weight from branch -RRB- , but is very important for the final cut . The final pruning cut should be straight and consistent-just outside the branch collar .2 . It grabs the branch on the pull stroke and helps cut more effectively . With a straight blade , the saw would , to an extent , ride on the branch . With the curvature , the blade digs in.My long pole saw also has a curved blade . I rely on the curved blade particularly with a pole saw-it greatly increases the effectiveness . The curved tip also helps me grab onto a branch to dislodge it if it falls into a crotch or other difficult location . I ca n't envision doing all my pruning with straight blades.THICKNESSI do n't find the blade to be too thick . A pruning saw is subjected to much rougher treatment than a woodworking saw . While a thinner blade would cut faster , it would also be prone to damage . I keep my saws very sharp and they cut well . I do n't recall ever thinking ; `` Hmmm , if this blade were thinner I would be through this branch already ... '' More like ; `` I enjoy using this saw , it is an extension of my body and has never failed me ... `` COARSENESS -LRB- # teeth per inch -RRB- The number of teeth per inch are also suitable . Yes , a crosscut saw for woodworking would have fewer teeth per inch . Woodworking pieces need finer edges for appearance , joinery , etc. . That is n't a concern with pruning . As long as one does n't tear out a large piece of bark , all is well . I also think that the wet , pulpy nature of living wood would clog a finer pattern.It feels very good to cut branches with hand tools-chainsaws are noisy , foul-smelling beasts.I also use this saw for rough cutting of 2x4 and 2x6 lumber .
 As far as I 'm concerned this saw is great . It 's sharp , it cuts well , I think the curve of the blade actually helps with cutting 2-4 inch hardwood trees . Maybe as a previous reviewer mentioned it is too thick but it works well for me . I can cut through a 3 inch cherry branch -LRB- I 've done this numerous times now -RRB- while basically hanging in the tree and I 'm done in less than 30 seconds . No I 'm not exaggerating . Try doing that with your typical handsaw .
 I 've used the saw a lot for the past two years . I use a slit length of garden hose as a blade cover , held on with a rubber band . The blade shows no signs of dulling , but I just bought two replacements from the maker 's website for $ 10.07 each.I use it mostly for volunteer work on the Appalachian Trail and elsewhere . It 's great for removing large branches and small trees . It 's good up to eight inches diameter . It barely fits in my day-hike pack . With the handle removed it fits in my lumbar pack .
 I am a 58yr old female -LRB- great shape :-RRB- -RRB- I have no problems clearing 4-5in diameter trees with this tool.I absolutely love it !!! You wo n't be disappointed if you purchase this .
 I have to admit I purchased this saw a few years ago and never left a review . Well , I am 60yrs and a female in good shape :-RRB- I use this saw for all the large ornamental grasses once dead and small trees and bushes . I have even used it to down a few 4-5 inch diameter pine trees . I LOVE this saw . I bought a chain saw but am a bit leery to use it . I could not live without this for cleaning up around the property . You will not regret purchasing this ...
 This is the second one of these saws I have purchased . The first one an iron bar fell on it and broke the handle . The blade is extremely sharp and is replaceable . It cuts on the forward stroke but even more on the backward stroke as there are 3 teeth at different angles . When you do n't have a huge tree and do n't want to bring the chain saw out this is the one to use . Highly recommended
 This is the greatest pruning saw I have ever used . I use it to trim my fruit trees in the winter . It provides smooth perfect cuts at an incredable speed , with great control . I use my old Corona razor tooth saw to cut roots and stump small trees and brush , and although it is continuesly in contact with dirt it has remained sharp as a `` RAZOR '' .
 I own two of the Corona Razor Tooth saw and I must say they are the BEST pruning/trimming saw I 've ever used -LRB- ! -RRB- The name `` Razor Tooth '' is NO exaggeration!This thing is sharp , sharp , sharp - and the `` pull '' cutting action makes it very fast and easy to use . It makes neat , precise pruning cuts -LRB- read up on your technique for pruning properly folks ! -RRB- and is unbeatable for `` limbing '' small trees that you 're cutting down.As I said , this thing is sharp and with ONE well-placed pull stroke will cut off a soft or medium-hard wood branch up to about 3/8 '' in diameter . Two or three strokes will cut through anything up to about 3/4 '' . With minimal care -LRB- a little WD-40 every so often to prevent rust -RRB- and this saw should last you a good long time . It really does stay sharp and it 's one of the few tools I 've bought that I can rave about.I disagree that a bow saw will outperform this saw on 3 '' or larger cuts - perhaps more like 5 or 6 '' but maybe my bow saw just is n't as good as this saw.I would suggest you find/buy/make a scabbard for this saw because it IS very sharp.I 'm writing this now with a bandaged finger . -LRB- Did I mention this saw is SHARP ! -RRB- Unfortunately , the saw ca n't tell the difference between trees and fingers -LRB- or pants , legs , etc -RRB- and because it does cut SO fast , when it slices through a branch and into a badly-placed hand , it will be an unpleasant surprise . However , that 's my fault , not the saws.VERY pleased with this saw . Worth the money . A `` professional '' tool in every sense of the word .
 I am a life time gardener , -LRB- fairly long one at this point ! -RRB- and a Master Gardener . Good pruning is the secret to a beautiful and mostly disease free garden . These by-pass pruners are the best I have ever used for the smaller jobs . I am on my 3 or 4th pair simply because these smaller tools have a way of jumping into the recycle bag or disappear in the garden . If you care for these tools and keep an eye on them so they do n't disappear into the yard they will last for years . Some simple guidelines for maintenance of pruners is to always clean them with rubbing alcohol after use so as not to spread disease and sharpen them before putting them away . To sharpen the pruners run the sharpening stone one way only from the base of the cutting blade to its tip . When in the garden carry a small sharpening stone and be sure to sharpen the pruners often . If they are not cleaned , and do not use water as it will ruin the blade and does not kill any disease that may have gotten on the blade , the blade will get gummy with sap and not open properly . It also helps to not drop them too often or use them for any other purpose but pruning .
 I only bought this pruner because my Swiss-made Felco pruners cost so much I 'm not comfortable using them for rough work . But it turns out that these pruners are every bit the match for the pricey ones . And they are even heavier duty than any pruner at any price that I 've found . USA all the way , baby .
 This is a great , reasonably priced pruner . The swiss Felco 's are really nice , but not 2x nicer IMO.They have a nice heft with plenty of cutting power and the coated handles are a nice touch .
 I am a landscaper working in texas and have used many of these the past few years . My only problem is a personal one , of losing them often . I 've found that the sheath is a must for myself . The pruners work well for general gardening and home landscaping projects . The blades remain sharp when cutting within the 3/4 '' capacity but can handle larger branches as well . To elongate the life of the pruners I would n't make a habit of exceeding it 's capacity . Sharpening eventually becomes a necessity , the more dull the blades become , the more likely the blades will separate under pressure , which will ruin the pruners . I 've found a simple fine grit diamond stone works well for sharpening .
 Well made . Works great . Get what ya pay for in this category . Size matters . Do n't use small clippers for large branches and it will serve you well . Recommend the sharpening tool as well .
 I recently purchased these pruners in a package that contains a second pruner that also cuts string and opens boxes . Lifetime guarantee , and both at the local Costco cost the same as the one on Amazon .
 Is a nice item , fast shipping and seller responsible . I bought the item and was very good ! and use all day for a greendhouse 100 % % A + + +
 I am very happy with these hand held pruners . They are sharp , easy to grip , and I can find them easily due to the red rubberized handle grips . My husband likes them too and uses them quite a bit in the yard . I would highly recommend them to any gardener .
 These are top quality clippers , and should last a lifetime if treated properly . Very nicely made , and they work very well . Would definitely buy these again if they were lost . The red handles make them easy to find if you lay them down while picking up your clippings .
 These clippers are great . Easy to grip and sharp enough to really get the job done . I like the locking hook that keeps them closed when not being used . Also , the red handles are a big help to spot them when you 've laid them down among your clippings .
 I 've had Corona Clippers for over 20 years and they still work great , these essentially last forever if you treat them with routine care for garden tools .
 This is cheaper than I bought the same product 25 years ago . As a landscaper for decades , use this a lot .
 I have several pruners , but this is my favorite . They are sturdy and they cut through think rose branches . I recommend highly .
 We have a Christmas Tree Farm and use these pruners to make our wreaths and grave blankets . They work wonderful . This is the fourth pair we 've purchased , as we keep adding new pairs for our helpers that work with us . Pretty soon everyone will have their own pair , instead of swiping each others when they are n't looking . Plus ... the red handles keep them easy to spot when you lay them down amongst all the evergreens you are working with . Great product !
 I find myself reaching for these over all of the other types I have when I work in the yard .
 I have not used it . I bought it for my wife but it looks pretty good quality compared to other ones .
 I love these . They fit really nice in my hand and are very sharp . They are also the right size to fit in my pocket . I 'd definetely buy another pair .
 I have purchased several pruners over the years and had yet to find one that I loved . Most of them were adequate but nothing special . I am very impressed with this pruner . It makes a precise clean cut on the roses in my yard and it handles very well . I am very pleased to say the least . I , also , want to say that I purchased this item at a local nursery for $ 40 and when I got in my car , I decided to scan the barcode on amazon and for that difference in price I returned the ones I purchaced and ordered these from amazon
 Corona makes some of the best clippers around . Some complain about the blades sticking . They do , for sure , but I 'd suggest getting a bottle ofCumberland Swan Mineral Oil - 1 Pt -LRB- any brand of mineral oil will do -RRB- , and keep these babies lubed up . The water that is exuded from cuttings will cause corrosion . I 've had a pair of these from my grandmother that are over 30 years old . The metal is dark in color , but they work great because I keep them up . Sharp , durable , and worth the price .
 This clipper is a big scissors , that 's all . There 's no rotation of the blades relative to the handle , as the ad on Amazon says . My pair is OK , but the spring is a real workout machine , and I 'm wondering how to lighten it a bit . I find that the shears gum up with grass juice very quickly , and then the blades bind -LRB- wo n't open with the spring -RRB- . I carry a wrung-out rag while I 'm trimming and wipe the blades quite often to keep them free of drying grass juice . This works , and I 'm able to keep on snipping for as long as I want . The shears are sharpenable , and the construction seems strong . I really would like to ease that spring -- that stiff spring is really my only beef with these .
 I bought these because they were recommended by a colleague . So far , I 've found these to be great quality shears . Highly recommended if you 're a field person like myself .
 Easy to use . Corona 's signature red handles very comfortable . All my lawn and garden hand tools are Corona .
 Corona Clipper GS 3760 Heavy Duty Pump Grass ShearProduct is very easy to handle , stays sharp , will handle grass and small branches , long handle makes reaching high branches and flower bed trimmng much easier
 This item was a gift for myself . I have never used it for cutting grass because that 's why there are lawn mowers.It is a heavy duty clipper for me so I have always been able to trim back the bushes , etc. . As long as the branchesare super thick , it is a great tool .
 The Corona 20 '' lopper is great for those confined quarters jobs . The wood handles makes it lightweight so your arms do n't get tired . The slightly smaller hook on the head allows you to get into those narrow areas . Rubber stoppers allows for a smooth stop . Overall , this is a great product from a great manufacturer .
 Looks Nice , used it all day . PArt of the knife edge bent a little on something , still cuts great . Made in Mexico , not USA anymore , with components from usa canada and vietnam .
 While these clippers cost roughly twice the price of the pair being replaced , the construction appears significantly better -LRB- they were replacing a low cost clipper originally purchased at Home Depot -RRB- . Beyond this , they are markedly sharper than the pair being replaced -LRB- of course , this is a comparison with the original sharpness not how sharp they were when being replaced -RRB- . While I can not comment on the longevity of these clippers , I have worked with enough tools to have a strong expectation for the long life of these clippers -LRB- of course , only time will tell -RRB- .
 I purchased this tool to replace an identical item that I had been using for about 25 years . I lost the first one last fall . I hope this one lasts as long as the first .
 I use this all the time . Works well with the trimming needs . Stays sharp for a long time . I recommend it .
 I use these all the time in my landscape business . They are perfect for me as they cut very well .
 This clipper did the job I bought it for , pruning bushes . My only quibble is that the switch for keeping the blades closed is very stiff and hard to move .
 Now THIS is a high quality pair of pruning shears ! Very pleased with the quality of this product . Looks much more substantial than all the ones I 've bought at the usual hardware stores . I am so tired of wasting money on pruning shears . The last pair I bought at Wal-Mart lasted all of two minutes . They broke on the first couple of clips . Back they went to the store ! Someone at the nursery where I go to buy plants recommended this brand to me . Said she 'd owned them for years and years and that they had heavy duty usage and continued to last . I had to find them online but did so on Amazon and now they are mine ! I expect them to last a long time . I will come back and amend this review if they do not.Corona Clipper BP 31603/4 - Inch Capacity Bypass Pruner with Vinyl Coated Steel Handles
 This looks and feels like a quality product . I Ca n't wait for the glaciers to melt off of my yards and flower beds here in southwestern Minnesota so I can actually usse them .
 Have not had much of a chance to use this in Minnesota in December but looks and feels solid and comfortable .
 I never even venture out for a garden job without this in my pockets . I mis-use it for everything from cutting weeds to pruning trees . The design looks `` basic '' , but this really is a very well made product . The blades are sharp and have remained sharp . They have n't rusted - even though I am terrible at taking care of them . The curved blade design is just great - gives you increased cutting power as compared to the `` V '' shaped blade . I think this is the first gardening tool you really should buy . I 'm now trying `` Corona '' for my other tools - having had good experience with their pruner .
 I 've been guilty of buying the Chinese made ones for $ 6.00 , ... but they do n't hold up . Also , with the `` guaranteed to fall off and get lost '' spring that those have , it 's a losing battle . And Fiskars used to make a good product , but my last pair had the plastic latch break off -LRB- come on guys -RRB- . So , after reading some of the great reviews from the other folks here , I went with these Corona 's . The precision feel of the blades when you use them is stunning . Also , they are modest in size and would fit a woman 's hands easily . I 'm a landscaper and when I first opened the box , I was concerned that these might be too small . No way . I pruned an apple tree last week , ... and when I could n't use the pole trimmer , I used these . This hand pruner was chomping right through major branches with ease , and yet is delicate enough to snip flowers . Very strong and secure center spring . Quality blades . Highly recommended . My pole trimmer and lawn edger clippers ? Both Corona . I know what to get now . And I think it said on the package that the components were actually made in America ! Good heavens .
 I have been using Corona pruning shears and clippers for 70 years and have found them to be of fine quality , a pleasure to use and long lasting .
 Corona makes excellent hand tools with top quality forged carbide steel . Prior experience with Corona loppers and hand saws for 5 years bears this out . Only comparable product line is from Stihl but they only sell thru their dealers and at pretty high prices . A local power equipment dealer who carries both brands told me to go with Corona and save money . He was right . Amazon carries just about the full line of Corona products . I ordered this hand pruner for light one household jobs along with some snips and a handy Corona AC 8300 hand sharpener/file . This model is on the low end but has a comfortable grip , an internal spring that is not too loose or too strong which could cause your hand muscles to ache if used for a long time . The simple locking mechanism slide switch works well also . A little cleaning of sap off the blades , a touch up sharpening on the cutting edge , and a bit of oil on the moving pivot points will prevent rust , preserve the tool , and make you happy the next time you use it . Excellent tool for the price . You ca n't go wrong with any Corona tool and this one does it 's intended function well . Very good tool for the money !
 Pros
 I 've got a few sets of these so far as gifts to gardening members of my family because they are such great clippers . They are very sturdy , do n't have one of those terrible little plastic sliders to hold it closed that always breaks , have a good strong return spring , and the geometry of the blade is quite good , I 've found it quite capable at cutting 3/4 in . branches with minimal effort . The handles are n't the most comfortable , but they are very functional.I suspect these clippers will be working just as well in 20 years too , so the price is really not unreasonable .
 My husband is the gardner and he LOVES these clippers ! Although he did n't realize they come with a lifetime guarantee -LRB- awsome feature -RRB- he asked me to order him two pairs and I found Amazon had the best prices . These clippers are very good . Very well made and the lifetime warranty is terrific!You wo n't be sorry with this purchase . Forget any other clippers , these are the ones to own !
 My husband and I have decided to order a duplicate pair so that we can each have our own !
 I 'd grown weary of a continuous parade of pruning shears which just did n't seem to operate up to their advertised performance levels . All were lacking in some way - from losing their sharpness very quickly , to the ever annoying failure to `` spring back open to pruning readiness '' after trimming a branch , etc. . I am pleased to say that this clipper has lived up to my hopes and expectations . It might cost a little more , but it has eliminated the cursing from my pruning projects ! I 'd buy another .
 I really like these pruners . The metal construction works a lot better than the cheap , plastic ones I used to have . Highly recommended .
 the Corona saws cut very well and normally stay sharp for a long time , so i hope this will too
 This tool behaves exactly as advertised and then some . The handles are super comfortable , even after using the tool all day . The compound action really does make it easy to cut through even the largest branches and vines . The rubber stop prevents jarring.This is the best lopper I have ever used .
 This is a solid tool . With hollow fiberglass handles it weighs almost nothing.I do not however recommend this tool for the small yard homeowner.These are very big and awkward loppers . With 24 '' handles you really get the reach out of them but , in most cases this size lopper is just too large.It is a fine quality tool that will last a lifetime if maintained properly.If you intend to just putt around the yard or garden doing seasonal pruning . This tool might not be your best bet.Amazon offers a big selection of corona tools so , find the tool that fits your needs best . Now get out there and do some major pruning .
 If you use these enough the fiberglass handles gradually bend , so that the ends of the handles are touching before the wood is cut . You can replace the blades but the handles wear out long before the blades . They are probably fine for the average homeowner and they work well when new but only will last a lifetime if they are used sparingly .
 bought a set after using a Corona 3460 loppers at a campground . Excellent reach and padded handles . Lots of folks try to cut limbs too big for the loppers and start twisting the handles to force them to cut or break the limb . This only twists & opens the bypass knife so later use produces a stringy incomplete cut . I had to tighten the bolts a bit on the loppers I borrowed and they sliced again like they were new . Keep them out of the dirt and razor sharp so they will last a lifetime . I was impressed enough that I bought a pair the following week . Well worth the money and my arms are a lot less tired . a great buy .
 I am continually impressed with how thick of a branch I can cut with these . The compound action means that effort is very minimal . The 24 &#34; handles are plenty long for my use . I chose these because of the fiberglass handles , I just do n't trust the durability of thin sheet metal ones .
 This tool is one of the best tree cutters I have ever owned . This pair was to replace a pair that was over 10 years old and they still worked but I dropped them and it was time for a new set . These are easy to use and makes the larger branches a snap to cut . Great product and I highly recommend them to anyone .
 These loppers are terrific ! I am a 64 year old woman with 1.5 acres of trees and gardens . These loppers have done a terrific job , and are so easy for me to operate .
 We was in a crisis over in Skunk Holler -LRB- which is a suburb of Moonshine Holler -RRB- . Ned the Barber was fed up with wearin ' out all his shears and scissors on his clientele -LRB- and we 're a hairy bunch -RRB- to the point he was thinkin ' about shuttin ' down . Ca n't be no civilization without a barber , so I lended Ned my CORONA CLIPPERS.And these just ai n't any ol' clippers . With 24-inch handles and a cutting diameter up to two inches Ned has the leverage and power he needs to slice through shaggy manes that ai n't been combed in years . Heck , flat-top , buzzcut , crewcut , or mullet , Ned can create any look you want with just a couple of snips . And with nonslip foam grips he do n't make the unsightly mistakes he once did with his rusty scissors . Cousin Buford is so taken by Ned 's skill with this lopper that he even goes in to get his back and armpits trimmed -LRB- of course , Buford 's got thyroid problems that seem to kick up during a full moon -RRB- . This product has a long name , but it saved our little town . CORONA CLIPPER FL-3460 COMPOUND-ACTION BYPASS LOPPER . You know , Uncle Cy had to have a bypass , but I never figured it had to do with clippers . And all of us here in Skunk Holler thought Coronas were green bottles of beer . Sure proved us wrong , by golly !
 I 've been using these for a while now and they work real well ! No complaints !
 Terrific performance for the price . Even soft , green growth and tough roots get cut cleanly and do n't roll over inside the jaws .
 Got this to replace an elderly clipper of very similar design . As I 've been very pleased with its well used predecessor I was looking for an identical replacement and this was the closest I found . Acually it 's virtually identical ! It has a substantial feel of quality , works well and though I 've only used it a handful of times I could n't be happier with it !
 I have had a pair of these clippers for 4 + years . They have had much use and I have abused them ! Cutting saplings and limbs much larger than the pair should handle ! My original pair are going to my wife for floral arranging and I get the new pair ! The Corona 's have been the best clipper I have owned and for the price you ca n't beat them !
 Appears and feels well made . The anvil base has small gripping teeth which may leave a mar on the pruned branch .
 If so , do n't use these . If you are doing light pruning around the house ... the I 've got a yard and plants and trees and maybe some fruit trees , these are great . Do you need longer handles ... I guess that 's subective . I 'm of the opinion that if you are trying to cut anything bigger than 11/2 inch you really ought to use a nice sharp pruning saw . Of course it depends on what you are pruning . These are a little expensive but easy to use , sharp , can be resharpened , and have easy to replace handles . Although I think you 'll have a hard time breaking these accidently . If you like quality tools , this is something worth looking at .
 I needed hedge shears to maintain the bushes in our yard . The hedge shear is the perfect size and did the job !
 I am on my third Corona trowel , and each time I need a new one , I seek out the exact same one . I am an avid gardener who transplants hundreds of plants each year . I can work with this transplanter for hours at a time without wrist strain or wear and tear on my hands . It 's something about the curve of the handle that makes all the difference . With each of the previous two I owned , eventually the metal handle wore itself all the way through the rubber and at that point , it began to rub blisters on my palm . But this process takes years to happen , even for me . I rather think it would take much much longer for the average gardener . It 's an excellent tool .
 We love these pruners so much that we bought more ! The pointy blades make them great for deadheading roses and other flowers . They feel great in your hand . The are fine quality .
 I had a small cheap pair of these type of clippers for a while , and I found them useful . I got my eye on this pair of more substantial clippers from Corona and finally got around to buying them when I saw a good price . I love them , I pick them up every time I go out in the yard , they are great , and I can clip small branches over .25 '' . I 've had the Corona bypass pruners with the same design for over 20 years and still use them , but the straight blades on these clippers make it easier to get in and make cuts . I 'm very glad that I got these.Jim .
 As a retired florist , I learned years ago how valuable this shear is . Great for light trimming in the yard too . I keep several pair available . One for the deck plants , one for the front yard handy , and one for the back yard handy too . Then a couple of extra pair for whin I ca n't find one . They are wonderful .
 Very good scissors , sharp , sturdy . I was looking for trimming shears , which these are not meant for that purpose . Definitely good for cutting small to medium sized soft type branches , needs oiling between blades every so often with frequent use .
 I was amazed at what a difference using the correct shear does for pruning small and potted plants . Glad it was recommended . Product shipped quickly and have been using it ever since . Would definitely recommend these and other Corona products .
 I wanted some good clippers for gardening , and I found some . These clippers are nicely designed , well made , strong , sharp , and able to get into small places . I rate this product as a full success in engineering , manufacture , and usability .
 These thinning/pruning shears are of very high quality and precision made . Very comfortable to use and should last a life time ...
 The quality of the manufacture is apparent as soon as you try them . I expect they will last a lifetime .
 This is my favorite pruner and I use it for everything . This is the third one of this sort that I 've had . I was happy to find it online since my local garden center did n't carry it .
 The only tool you 'll need to keep your garden looking great . This is a quality clipper that will last for years . I highly recommend !
 I have been searching far & wide for this exact tool-I had one for years & it recently disappeared.I was so excited to receive this today I may have to order a backup . THANK YOU Amazon !
 Great shears . Do what they 're supposed to ! You ca n't go wrong with Corona brand .
 I have 6 pair scattered all around . I love them . They are especially good for a woman to use ; but then the reason I have trouble finding them is because my husband keeps swiping them .
 This Corona Thinning Shear is a wonderful little clipper that I will be using in my garden a lot this summer . I like its narrow design that allows me to get into tight places that a bypass shear is unable to reach without breaking stems . It is very sharp and makes clean precise cuts . The latching mechanism is not loose at all and stays down when you push it down and stays latched when you latch it . this thinning shear has some weight to it , but is also very easy to handle.Corona really oils the blades and hinge well to keep it from getting rusty , so you will probably have to wipe it off a bit when you first open it.Besides that , this is a wonderful clipper , and I highly recommend it . I am glad I purchased it .
 I use these shears to maintain indoor plants . They can trim leaf edges and tips , as sharp as scissors , and cut stems up to 5/8 '' very easily . I even use them on thin dead wood . I carry these in a Corona nylon scabbard which is very handy . I have Corona bypass pruner for the big stuff , but seldom have to take them out . I have not sharpened these yet ; I believe they will be as good as new when I do . If they get sticky they clean right up with oil and greenie . Years ago , I had the smaller version but these do it all .
 These are very nice pruners , and so handy that my husband and I decided we should order an extra pair or two . We already have two , but we are avid gardeners . These are great for deadheading roses . Corona products are a joy to use .
 This is a very good quality item , made from thick leather with a nice wide comfortable clip , and belt loops if you prefer . The rivets holding the thing together appear to be very sturdy.I like to garden around my home , and I prefer Corona bypass pruners , 1 inch . I 've thought that a scabbard was an unnecessary item for a long time . What a mistake ! I recently got one of these on a whim , and have been loving the increased convenience ever since . It 's well worth the price , and should last a lifetime .
 well madehandy for belt or hanging on the pantsHolds the clippers well with alot of activity in the yard
 If you spend much time in the yard this sure is handy . It keeps your pruners at reach and the clip allows you to wear it on anything .
 You would n't think there 'd be much to making a decent mini-shovel to handle your small digging jobs around the yard ... but when 's the last time you used one that did n't either a -RRB- bend , twist , or buckle under just the slightest amount of pressure , or b -RRB- grow a lovely orange coat of rust the first time you left it out in the rain or in the damp grass?And therein lies the real beauty of this Corona trowel -LRB- and the three-tined hand cultivator also in their `` Comfort '' line -RRB-
 This is a replacement/augmentation trowel for an identical one I bought years ago . The first one has a very blunted nose now . All in all it is the best garden tool I 've ever owned . I would highly recommend it for its comfort and durability .
 This wonderfully useful tool is elegant in appearance and design . The texturized grip overlaying the single-piece aluminum alloy is soft with a little `` give , '' and very comfortable . The handle offers sufficient length to grip without being overly long . This trowel is balanced , just light enough to prevent strain but still substantial enough to dig down deep and do some serious garden work.This Corona 12-inch trowel with comfort grip -LRB- CT3010I -RRB- is very strong , and used for its purpose , should last for years . I have no concerns about breaking or bending this tool . If by some incident the tool does break , I am happy for the lifetime guarantee . I happily use this and the narrowCorona CT3050i Comfort Weederfor almost all of my digging and weeding needs in my small garden -LRB- save those that require a full shovel -RRB- .
 This is a very sturdy and well made trowel . The form fit to your hand brings comfort and ease to work with . The trowel can easily get into hard dirt with no problem . How often have you used a trowel and the actual `` trowel scoop '' starts to bend ? Not this one . It is very sturdy and well made . I would recommend this product to anyone who would use this tool as a primary weeder or even a digger to transplant . That is how sturdy the trowel is . For the cost and quality I give this product 5 stars . Hopefully those of you who purchase this product will agree . Happy gardening !
 I have small potted plants and this trowel works great for me . Durable and easy to handle , it 's a great addition to anyone 's gardening toolkit .
 Trying to find a firm , reliable trowel seemed impossible . My research sent me to local stores , but with no success . Most of the handles were plastic , or soft metal , and they did not measure up to my green thumb.But the Corona Clipper twelve inch trowel is perfect , so it seems , and I have not had any problems with the handle breaking off . The handle is as it states , `` a comfort , firm grip . '' It is excellent for digging deep holes in the flower garden . It is a great addition to my daily garden activities.So far , so good.T.B . Grant6/20/12
 This is a sturdy hand tool . On my first outing with this trowel , I used it to dig and scooped granite gravel on to a screen looking for topaz . We worked our site for several hours . It 's a nice new friend and did its service with aplomb . A simple tool , when well made , can be such a pleasure to use . It looks like this Corona Clipper 12-inch trowel with comfort grip -LRB- CT 30101 -RRB- ought to last for a long time . Sweet .
 You ca n't have an orgasm over a trowel , but I like the Corona . The sturdy beveled blade penetrates soil well and the orange handle keeps you from losing it.Perhaps it 's because I live in California , but it bears a warning label saying it contains cancer-causing material -- I 'm guessing lead , but jeez , I would n't let that deter me . I imagine that 's one of the many examples of a government regulation that must be applied across-the-board , whether meaningful or not . `` Anything that contains more than X % lead must contain a cancer warning . '' I 'd bet that unless you ate the damn thing , there 's no cancer risk -- but what do I know . I certainly have n't investigated it . Life 's too short to worry about risks likely to be minuscule . My recommendation ? Go buy the thing and enjoy your gardening .
 I use these to cut/prune sunflowers for wholesale . I 've had them for about 3 + years and they 've held up great . They are sharp enough for small/precise work , and large enough for significant cuts -LRB- which happen often with large sunflower stems -RRB- .
 I was very glad to see this model still available , having had my previous pair snaked by , well , snakes.My previous pair were used in a professional capacity at a grower 's nursery , so I 've had some real use out of them.I consider myself to be a connoseur of good design . These clippers are functional and streamlined , without pretentious styling , thin and elegant . The last thing I want is a bulky tool getting in the way when I am doing 8 hours of pruning.There are two points to consider beyond the general excellence of this tool :1 -RRB- The rubber grips are now disappointingly in orange , the picture does n't mean you 've found reserved stock . Great for when you drop your clippers , not if you just miss your old trusty pair of secateurs :-RRB- Bad thing about the new grip
 I came back to Amazon looking for replacement blades , knowing that the original will eventually wear out . I was suprised to see that it was 2001 when I purchased these pruners . I use them mainly for pruning apple trees in the early spring , and also for cutting cutting up fallen tree branches . Later in the growing season they are used for much more civilized chores , like cutting flowers , with no complaints . I know I am cutting branches larger than they were designed for -LRB- up to 3/4 inch -RRB- , but they have held up great . Now if I could just find those replacement blades ...
 the Corona saws cut very well and normally stay sharp for a long time , so i hope this will too
 Recently bought this lopper for our new property which has 20 or so very unkept trees . This lopper has been going through the limbs of the fruit and Russian olive trees like butter . I like the light weight and sharp cutter as I am often up on a step ladder . I bought it for the feel of the hardwood handles and the long cutter tang that is rivited in place not pressed . It has a firm stop so there is no knuckle banging . I am very happy / impressed with this lopper .
 Corona has designed a solid tool ! the loppers are sturdy and light . They have good grip handles and a shock absorbing bushing that save the wrists from fatigue . The blade is razor sharp and has good temper .
 This is a bypass lopper . It is for light pruning . Not for CUTTING BRANCHES . A solid anvil prunner WILL CUT small branches . If you use a bypass pruner like this for cutting anything but new growth , you will damage the tool . This is a large -LRB- but still somewhat delicate -RRB- instrument . Not a brute force tool like a saw or anvil pruner . As a bypass pruner , it is by and large my favorite for use in trees . The blade has remained sharp after 2-3 years and the tool is in excellent condition despite high humidity in my barn . If you need to buy just one pruner , this is not the tool for you because it is not for heavy weight -LRB- anything past new gowth cutting -RRB- . But if you have a heavy duty anvil pruner and would like a light-weight pruner for finger vegatative -LRB- not woody -RRB- and new wood growth , this is it !!!
 Corona makes good products . This is their mid-grade , not their professional grade . You can spend $ 90 for a high end lopper and it will give you many years of excellent performance . You can also spend $ 12 in a discount store and get something so cheap that it will literally fail after one day 's use -LRB- I 'm not exagerating - it 's happened to me more than once -RRB- . Corona products are much closer to the $ 90 level than to the $ 12 level . I have n't owned this particular pair for very long , but I have a smaller Corona one-handed bypass pruner that 's lasted me for 15 years and still cuts great . Spend $ 90 if you can afford it , or spend less than a third of that and get something nearly as good .
 My introduction to the Corona Clipper Company came utterly by chance when I bought their Homeowners 1/2 '' pruner simply because it was the first one I saw . I was so thoroughly impressed with the quality of that pruner that I 've since added about a half dozen different Corona tools to my collection , and I want even more!As good as their Homeowner models are , the Professional series has a host of valuable improvements . Ergonomically , the angled cutting head makes for a slightly more comfortable cutting position , and the handles are thicker , so it 's a little more comfortable to hold . And joy - the Professional series has a different type of locking clasp that 's not nearly as fickle as on the Homeowner 's series -LRB- my only real complaint about that line of pruners is the rather unreliable clasp -RRB- . What continually impresses me about Corona 's tools is how well they 're designed and manufactured . Compare this pruner to pruners that look similar , from companies like Fiskars , and the difference in the quality of the materials and construction is incredibly obvious . The thickness of the blade is a good way to compare brands - Corona 's beefy blade is twice as thick as some other brands , so you know it 's going to be more durable , less likely to break or wear prematurely . This pruner has a heft and solidity and smoothness of movement that other , less expensive brands lack , and it 's this overall level of quality and substantial feeling that makes it a tool that will outlast its competition . When you really bear down on it to slice through a limb , the tool does n't flex , give , or yield in any measure ; it remains solid and just does what it 's supposed to , every time . Yes , they cost a little more , but you really do get what you pay for.A word of advice ... if you 're thinking about getting one of the larger models - the 3/4 '' or 1 '' capacities - you better have big hands , because they open pretty wide and it can be difficult to apply enough pressure to cut a branch if you do n't have long -LRB- and strong -RRB- enough fingers to hold and squeeze the handles . Do n't just assume that , `` Well , if I get the 1-inch model , I 'll be able to cut bigger branches ! Life will be grand ! I 'll be the envy of my neighbors ! '' , because if your hand is n't large enough to span the handles when you open the pruner around that one-inch branch , you 'll end up having to use two hands , one on each handle , pressing together , and when your neighbors see that awkward maneuver , they 'll hardly be envious . They may even snicker a little .
 I have used these clippers enough by now to say they are the best I have ever used . The angle of the blades is so much more useful than the straight ones . The quality is outstanding .18 months later and I still think these are the best clippers . Yes , it helps to have long , strong fingers . No shame in using two hands , especially when you can cut larger branches than the 1 inch promised .
 Great pruners ! I have used these for over a month now , they are still sharp and cut with ease . I 've trimmed all the weeds , tree 's and cut along the walkway in our yard ... . they cut great , I ca n't say enough good things about these pruners . One thing I like is they never seem to dull . My neighbor 's borrowed them for a few days , they bought a pair so I was lucky to get mine back . A great value , very good pruners .
 I have had these handy little shears for several months and really enjoy using them while potting up my orchids . The small size is perfect for trimming back roots before potting up a plant . The thin tip is also good for precise cutting of a spent flower stalk.As Orchids host at BellaOnline.com I 'm always on the lookout for handy tools and gadgets that orchid lovers can use . I definitely think these would make a nice addition to * any * flower gardener 's tool collection .
 these clippers are small , but sturdy , I have used them for everything from houseplants to working at a garden center , for deadheading , pruning shrubs , to cutting back perennials . They go with me everywhere .
 I purchased a pair at the local hardware store for my three year old ** , since she wanted to use my full-sized Felco 's but they were too unwieldy for small hands . Recently her tiny pair of Coronas were misplaced and we were heartbroken . Another user 's review helped me to identify that these are indeed the little ` baby ' clippers , about 4 '' total in length , that I am looking to replace!They are tiny but sharp enough to trim suckers off woody stemmed plants . They are great for budding mini-gardeners -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- and being light and portable , they come in handy around the house and yard when the teensy-weensy scissors on your multi-purpose tool are too small . The blades do rust quickly , so keep them oiled . ** Obviously children need to be supervised and taught responsible use while using sharp tools .
 I do not understand the negative review for these being small -- * That is the point * They are indeed * extremely * small , but for uses which require miniature shears , they are phenomenal . Extremely sharp , clean easily , and last forever -- and I can get into every little nook and cranny.Fantastic shears . Highly recommended .
 I have been looking for just this size to snip tiny bits of root and things off my orchids . This is just perfect and sharp , so although small , I would NOT recommended for children.It is exactly what I needed and does the job for tiny snipping .
 I prefer the larger size . . I ordered these by mistake . . but if you are just clipping flowers , they would be great . The larger size is more versatile
 I like the size of these shears , a bit small but the trade off is less weight . They are comfortable in the hand and and do the job they were made to do .
 These work great for clipping my orchids . I like that they are easy to sterilize with the blow torch .
 This is a fine quality tool . With proper maintenance , I can see these shears lasting a lifetime . I 've been using my set for two years now.I 've even thinned out some rather thick and woody stuff and so far , with flawless performance.Remember to clean the tool when you are finished , lubricate them and always maintain a sharp edge.With that in mind , these guys will last forever.I do recommend this set of shears . Now get out there and shear that hedge .
 I 've had a set of these for years and they work great . The wood handles flex nicely but do n't break . Easily cuts through a 1 inch limb and slightly larger . Larger than that get a pruning saw . Also should you break the handles , replacements are easy to attach , two bolts and you are done .
 Good quality Fair price cuts hard wood 11/4 '' and under easy . Keep the cutters clean and oiled .
 This is one of the handiest garden/yard tools I 've ever had . This saw cuts through small limbs and medium size shrubs so quickly it makes clearing and cutting fun ! It even works quicker and easier than my pruners .
 Excellent pruning saw . Folds like a giant jack-knife . Cuts nice without leaving the tree with a clean cut for proper healing .
 I first used this saw at my inlaws home in FL as we were trimming a holly tree . I could n't believe how quickly the saw cut through small branches . Their saw was a number of years old but has stayed sharp throughout the years . The double-tooth technology is awesome . I highly recommend this saw !
 The Corona is a great triple sided sharpened blade that cuts twice as fast as conventional blades . It can easily cut live or dead limbs up to 6 inches with no problem . With larger limbs be careful not to flex the blade tip with too much force or it will break . This happened to me so I replaced it by purchasing an entirely new unit which cost less than simply buying a replacement blade . The grip on the handle is ergonomic and comfortable . I highly recommend this compact pruning saw .
 I have cut huge stuff with thisStill sharp after 7 years of occasional use
 Very sharp . I think Fiskars also makes a really good pruning saw . No need to get the pricey Felco .
 I bought this to replace our older corona saw which snapped in half . The clip on this one is a little different , I felt more secure with the clip of the older model , but we are happy with this purchase .
 I AM PRETTY SURE MY HUSBAND WISHED WE DID N'T OWN THIS RAZOR SHARP SAW ! I CONSTANTLY FILL UP OUR TRASH CANS PRUNING OUR SHRUBS AND TREES ! THIS CUTS SO BRANCHES SO EASILY ! ESPECIALLY FOR A GIRL ! I USUALLY GET CARRIED WAY , AND `` OVER-PRUNE '' . LOVE IT !!
 Works really well , it is easier to buy a new one when blade wears out than to find replacement one . Good price .
 The saw works great-nice feel to the handle , does n't cramp your hand . Gets into places a bow saw ca n't . The saw cuts very quickly in very hard woods .
 Ok , maybe that 's a stretch , but this little saw is incredibly sharp and makes short work of all the small -LRB- 2 '' and under -RRB- branch trimming chores . Really handy if you 're up in a tree or confined in some other way . Very sharp and makes cutting quick work . Love it so far . Lets see how long it stays sharp .
 MY WIFE HAS TROUBLE WITH HER HANDS . ITS NOT STRONG ENOUGH TO CUT BRANCHES WHEN WE DO OUR GARDENING . I GOT THE RACHET CUT AT A FOOD & PRODUCTS SHOW AND ITS FABULOUS . SHE CAN NOW CUT ANY SIZE BRANCH WITH THIS PRODUCT . SHE STILL HAVE TROUBLE USING OTHER KINDS OF CUTTERS .
 I 'm really glad I tried out this pruner . It is the best I 've had so far and I have 60 + roses to prune . I have n't had it long enough to rate it 's durability but I do know it cuts smooth and clean . And it cuts through some hefty canes . Be sure to remember it has rachet action and let go and reapply pressure for your cut . Excellent pruner for the price .
 This ratchet pruner is lightweight and easy to use . It cuts branches in a snap without tearing up your hands . Super sharp .
 I have worn out two previous rachet clippers and just purchased my third . When it wears out I will purchase another one . It is a very effective tool and enjoyable to use . I can cut limbs up to 1/2 inch , maybe even 3/4 inch . Great tool .
 I really liked using these when I tried them out . I bought them for my grandmother . She loves them . She has no trouble cutting through things that she wasnt able to before having the ratchet action . They work exactly as advertised and designed . I 'd reccommend these to anyone .
 These clippers were great . The fact that they ratchet makes clipping so easy that some chores in the garden are no longer a chore .
 This item is well made , easy to use and it was priced right . I feel very comfortable buying from Amazon .
 I have lots of nodes in my fingers , so pruning is very hard for me . But with Rachet clippers I have no problems at all.There easy to use and my hands do n't hurt .
 It cut very nicely at first , but after 3 weeks of use , it slipped when cutting the thicker branches . Maybe it was not meant to last .
 Product is as advertised and is excellent ! Very good quality and I am assured that it will perform as advertised
 I purchased this product at a garden store about eight years ago and then broke a tine off trying to remove a rock from from dry and hard soil . I needed to replace it because it is wonderful for removing weeds . I was lucky to find it on Amazon . Its forks wo n't bend when you are removing stubborn weeds from hard soil .
 Upon receiving this planter , I was quite surprised at the quality of it for the bargain price . Having no yard , but a heavily planted balcony , I do a lot of container gardening and have purchased many pots , planters and window boxes of various sizes and shapes at local stores . One thing that especially shocked me was the fact that the tray was included at the low price . It surely deserves the `` PPP '' ! Thanks a lot for the pot !
 This is a well-balanced , easy to carry and pour from watering can , all at a very low price .
 Perfect for getting water from my backyard , where the pond is , to the front yard , where the container flowers are . One trip every other day is plenty with this 2 gallon capacity . And yes , it is 2 gallons , plus a bit . Very generous size , and the full handle makes it easy to both carry and pour .
 Great product , holds plenty of water without straining , pours great , heavy plastic construction . As I said , great product . Thanks
 Best I have ever had . Perfect . I had one for 5 years and it broke . Hence I ordered 2 more ...
 This watering can holds enough to water your plants on your porch , balcony , or patio with an even spray . It 's also sturdy enough to leave outside until you need to do it again . It 's attractive as well . I recommend this product !
 This can is exactly what I wanted . Easy to carry with a comfortable handle . Would recommend to anyone .
 I purchased this as a gift and it is used often . I was satisfied with the service and the condition the watering can arrived in .
 Plastic watering cans are still plastic watering cans . What makes this one stand apart is the excellent service from the seller .
 My granddaughter loves it !!! It also serves her as a slide when she turns it upside down , we realize it is n't made for this but she is only 16 months so she does n't know this and more than likely does n't care , it works for her .
 Our local library has a few of these chairs and my 14-month old loves to climb up and sit in it by herself . The arm rests give her something to hang on to and it 's comfortable for her to sit in while she reads . Looks like excellent construction ; considering buying one . A little pricey but good quality and made in the USA .
 This is a great inside the house watering can . It is large so it holds a good amount of water but not to big that it is to heavy to use in the house . We had one for years that broke & we were thrilled to find an exact replacement .
 I got this as an addition to an oversized table with only 4 chairs . It does not match the color perfectly but it is hard to match online and I could not find any retailers in my area -LRB- Birmingham , AL -RRB- that had benches . It is also a great price as these are around $ 200-300 elsewhere . It is sturdy and is a good piece of furniture .
 These Replacement Lawn Mower Wheels for MTD # 734-1860 , 734-1871 have a very strong rubber/chemical smell out of the box . It might be good to store them outside for a while until the odor-chemical dissipates.The wheels look strong and capable for their purpose , but they are somewhat wobbly in their rotation , and if the wheels are to fit very closely to the mower housing , they might rub . They are true to round . For my purposes they work well .
 This product is ok . It was easy to replace the broken wheel and seems to be holding up ok . The price is good so I got several just in case the original on the other side breaks . I live in the land of rocks and difficult mowing conditions . I think that this wheel will hold up just fine .
 This is the correct wheel I needed to replace the one that was partially crushed during Hurricane Irene by a tree that fell on our storage shed . However , not sure there is as much material and engineering here to justify the cost . Luckily , all I needed was one of these to be back in business otherwise $ 40 worth of wheels ... I was only $ 60 a way from a new mower .
 If you have a small single gas valve grill , this is the one you want . It 's a little wider than some , spreads the flame out a little better . It 's `` stainless '' but if you grill a lot , it will probably eventually corrode like all the others of its kind as the salts and acids from the food get to the burner through the lava rock and draw moisture when not in use . We get a season or two out of them . Keep a spare on hand !
 If you ever used Uncle Sam 's actual bug mix , then the smell will send you back ! And yes it does the job . A little around your socks , neckline , arms and legs will keep the knats , mosquitoes and horse flys flying away . Great stuff !
 I was so pleased with this product , it is very well made , and looks even more expensive than it is . I do n't know about the other recliners offered , but I would bet this one has them all beat . An added bonus is that there is no assembly required . Just take it out of the box , and unfold it . !!! I am not easily pleased , but I am thrilled with the quality and looks of this product from France
 Lafuma is a good product -LRB- recliner lawn chair -RRB- . We have another similar chair which we have owned since the mid '60s which was purchased outside the USA . With new canvas and elastic lacings , it has served for years . We like the larger size of the new product .
 Bought this for my husband who is a very large person -LRB- 6 ' 7 '' and over 250 pounds -RRB- . He loves it . It helps suport his back and he prefers this chair to his other `` real '' recliners !
 This chair is very comfortable , but the bungee/elastic rope that holds the canvas in place broke in less than a year and it was never in the sun or left outside to the elements . I read this complaint in several reviews before I bought the chair so it was no surprise . Lafuma sells replacement kits for $ 20 , but you can do much better by Googling 3/4 inch bungee cord . I bought 50 feet for less than $ 10 , including delivery on ebay . That 's enough to re-string the chair 3 times and it works just as well . Do one side at a time so you can copy the stringing pattern on the good side . No need to do the other side until it breaks which did happen eventually , also in less than a year , but I tied the broken ends together and it 's still holding . The bottom line for me is the chair works very well and I 'm glad I bought it .
 This is good solid deer fencing at a great price from a solid seller but ... It is lighter duty than some , heavier than others . It would seem that regardless of where you buy this fencing -LRB- on the net -RRB- ... the price itself -LRB- rather than pictures -RRB- really is the best indication of just how heavy duty of fencing you are getting . Forget buying locally ... even the best garden shop charges twice that of what dollars you will spend on the net . Of course I only shopped in 2 states over a months time but still ... ALSO NOTE
 I also reviewed Hot Discoveries website when researching this purchase . . I can type in the number of people I am having for dinner and what I would like to serve and it will print out a shopping list and preperation instructions !! Perfect for someone with a busy schedule and a low tolerance for grocery stores.I am also very pleased with Hot Discoveries service , I had typed in the wrong address and was pleased when I contacted them and they fixed my mistake right away and I still received my grill in time for my dinner party : -RRB- and BTW The party was wonderful , the grill keep the conversation and the meal moving at just the right pace . . and our friends that had never seen a tatar hat grill before loved it .
 This grill is so much fun ! My guests raved about the variety of food -LRB- something for everyone -RRB- and the great taste . Everything cooks so quickly and yet never gets cold since you cook it piece by piece . I defintely recommend buying additional burners right away . The 3 it comes with are perfect for one long meal , but you 'll need more for next time . I already promised my friends I would make this for them again before Christmas , and my parents ca n't wait to try it too !
 Easy to assemble . I had to make an adjustment to the shut off mechanism so it would close all the way . Handles really well behind my ATV , even over some rough terrain . I had to bend a piece of aluminum -LRB- about 3/4 `` x14 `` x1/8 '' -RRB- and screw it to the control lever , so I can operate it from my ATV . I do n't think you would need to do this with a lawn tracktor type mower . Overall this is a good product .
 Last year I used a spreader which was just a bag and a hand-cranker . I thought I had to do it that way because of the hills on my property and was afraid it would tip over . The salesman at John Deere even advised against this type of Broadcast Spreader but after breaking my back last year , I gave this product a shot . I did 500 LBS of lime in about a half hour . Even when the mower felt like it was about to tip over , this unit did it without a problem.I did do just one bag of lime first just to get the feel of settings . With lime , I used it wide open and it spread fast and evenly .
 I have not had a chance to use the spreader yet but am very pleased with the way it went together and i 'm sure it will perform just fine.I think it is a good buy !
 I bought this for fertilizer use and found this to be just what I needed for a hilly lawn.It is a very well built product and stable . Very easy to assemble . I wish I knew of this product years back .
 I 've owned this for only one season , but have used it to spread fertilizer , spread seed , and even used it once to transport mulch across the large yard -LRB- probably not the smartest thing to do , but it did n't hurt it -RRB- . Fertilizer spread evenly , no burnt areas . Grass seed spread evenly , evident by how thick and full the re-seeded area is.This spreader seems very durable . The only `` negative '' would be the spreader adjustment mechanism -LRB- i.e. how much you want to `` drop '' -RRB- relies on a plastic locking clip for keeping the adjustment set where u want it . When making 180 degree turns , I like to close the spreader , make the turn , and then open it back up to the previous setting . However , if you 're not careful , the little plastic clip will slide right on up and you can open up the spreader wide open.In the grand scheme of things , this is a minor issue . I would recommend this product .
 It does everything it should . Only glitch -LRB- which was obvious once I thought about it -RRB- is that once you 've loaded heavy stuff into the hopper , you ca n't adjust the flow rate for a faster flow -LRB- you can adjust it for a slower flow , though -RRB- . So make sure you adjust the flow rate * before * you load in the product - especially if it 's something like lime !
 We purchased this spreader for salt and fertilizer based upon other Amazon reviews last fall , and we found the perspectives of other customers to be quite accurate . The Precision Products 6 Series is a very well-built piece of equipment and has worked flawlessly for both salt and fertilizer . The wide stance of the high flotation tires make it very stable , and it can handle 130 lbs with no difficulty.If we had one suggestion , it would be that Precision make the hitch plate a little longer to accommodate zero turn mowers like our John Deere Z810A . In a tight turn , the hitch gets hung up on the tang of the Deere and the spreader slides sideways instead of turning . That is easily remedied by replacing the fatory-supplied pin with a U bolt .
 this spreader is well built , the tires are big and wide , they spacing should keep them from turning over on my food plots . it has metal gears and a zerc fitting to grease the gears with , overall it seems much better made than the othersw i have had over the years . I have only spread lime with it in the yard but it worked fine for that and I see no reason it should bnot do great at the club . I am happy with this tool .
 This spreader worked better than expected . Used to put out 50 bags of lime and this was a breeze with this spreader.Highly recommend .
 After seeing this unit at the local Tractor Supply store , it appears to be solid . Metal gear housing with a grease fitting for lubrication . Not many spreaders have this drive train.However , I 've been watching the price for this spreader on Amazon for the last week -LRB- starting 3/11/11 -RRB- It was $ 165 on 3/11 . As of the date of this review it is now $ 199 ! Both prices were for spreaders sold by Amazon.Why does Amazon do this other than to maximize profit ? I 'm noticed a lot of items change price frequently - sometimes more than once a day . Amazon used to be a reliable source for a low , fair price - now you have to watch closely to see which way the price of an item is trending so you do n't pay too much - I hate retailers that do this . I will limit my purchases from Amazon due to their increasingly complex pricing practices .
 After a great deal of online searching for a tow behind broadcast spreader , I purchased the Precision Product 6-series 130 pound tow behind bradcast spreader and have nothing but praise for the product . Only short coming would be trying to determine the proper setting for spreading Scott 's Turfbuilder Lawn Fertilizer -- trial and error . If precision did a study and provided a chart for application of such products , it would have been 5 stars .
 The quality of this spreader seems great to me . It is very stable on uneven surfaces . The flow control mechanism works effectively without resetting the gauge for the openings on the bucket . I 've only used it once but I am impressed with the design , quality of the materials and the price .
 Got about 2 acres of hills , dips , ruts , rocks etc. . After reading the reviews decided to pick this one because of less complaints of tipping and spilling . Wider traction , real tires , strong and worthy.Well , no complaints . Its built like a tank . Control lever is easy enough to reach . All spreaders are finicky , I found this one to be easy to turn on and off . Really appreciate the screen to avoid clotting . Really appreciate the elastic banded cover that you can see through and keep the contents dry and from spilling.Tires are what you would expect on a dump cart that can withstand at least 500 pounds.Packing was indeed a bit beat up on arrival but nothing to affect the product . BTW Can Brown not tear up a box?I wish I would have gotten this sooner . MY lawn is so much better off as now I can hit two acres and not blow off of it because I am out of steam up those hills trying to get a push spreader to compensate for jiggling , variation in speed etc. . IF you got a 20 * 15 do n't buy this but if you have 2 acres like I do of highly challenging slopes and obstacles , buy this and you will be happy .
 The Precision Products TBS6000RDOS 6-Series was easy to put together . Only changes I made was , a. the bolts that hold the clevis pieces onto the tow bar were not long enough . They would engage the threaded part of the elastic stop nut but would not engage the nylon area so the nut would be certain to rattle off and lose the bottom part of the clevis . I purchased two bolts a quarter of an inch longer to be sure I would have no problem ; and b . The axle rod was locked to one wheel with a bolt but , on the other wheel , there was no bolt . This would allow the spreader to turn corners more easily . The wheel that turned freely still had the holes for securing to the axle though . Since this would allow corrosive materials like fertilizer or salt to go into the open holes and then into the wheel bearing I covered the holes with aluminum tape.A couple of grumbles : a . The operating lever is on an extension from the hopper and is positioned directly behind me and is not easy to grab and operate , especially when making a turn . It would be much better if there were a cable that reached to the front or side of the operator so he could see the position of the lever and have better control over it.b . The off-on lever and the metering stop parts are made of plastic . I have n't had any problem with these parts and I hope they used a good grade of plastic . They do seem to flex as I operate the parts though.On the plus side : The spreader is very stable . My property has many various grades and is very bumpy . I have had no problem with this spreader navigating this terrain .
 I did n't find this product until after I ordered an Earthway 2170T . I found this unit at a local Tractor Supply although it 's not found on their website . The unit appears to be very well built and has a nicely designed feed gate that has more than one hole -LRB- I think I saw two , but there may be three -RRB- . Had I saw this unit prior to buying the Earthway , for which I pruchased a seperate rain cover , I would have just bought this unit . I could have saved the expense of the rain coverm and saved $ 30 on the unit because TSC is selling them for $ 139.99 through 4/24/2011 .
 We have a really wicked driveway and a beautiful view . this product pulled behind my four wheeler makes it possible to get up to the house in the winter .
 Hold lots of material . Nice inflatable tires . Solid construction , and easy assembly.The controls are a little sensitive , meaning slight movement greatly changes quanity dropped . Just be careful and take your time .
 Gleason/Precision says that it has a 565K sqft manufacturing facility in Illinois , so this may actually be made in the USA . Strangely , there 's no country of origin printed on the box.It comes partly assembled in a large single-layer corrugated cardboard box . It 's not the kind of thing that you can routinely expect to survive the usual delivery services -LRB- like the monitor-tossers -RRB- unscathed . I bought mine from a local OPE emporium so that was not an issue.It 's nicely made with mostly robust parts . Wheels are large and widely-spaced which helps to make it stable on inclines . Big plus
 The Precision Products broadcast spreader seems well built and was designed as a tow behind unlike some less expensive spreaders that are just modified walk behinds . Besides handling a heavier load , the wider tire spacing of a true tow behind keeps it from tipping when going over bumps or when making sharp turns . A strong gearbox is very important for a tow behind and the all metal gears and enclosure should give many years of service . The tires are pneumatic and big enough to carry the full load.Assembly seemed simple , but when I tested the feeder rate button I could n't get it unlock and move easily . It looked like I needed to squeeze the button to unlock it and after trying to do so with pliers I discovered inadvertently that I just needed to push the button in . Embarrassing , but in the process I discovered that , while the feeder controls look like they are made out of cheap plastic , it 's some really tough stuff that I expect will last the lifetime of the equipment.I have only used the spreader once and with only about a 30 lb load , but the feeding rate control and the spreader mechanism all worked well . The feeding control was easy to reach from my lawn tractor 's seat so that I could shut off or turn on the spreader as needed . There was never a time I felt like the spreader was going to tip over on my relatively flat , but bumpy lawn . The spreader did the job well and seems like it should last for many years of use.Precision Products TBS6000RDOS 6 Series 130 lb Tow Behind Broadcast Spreader with Rain Cover
 The spreader was easy to assemble . It works great ! The volume adjustment is easy to reach from the tractor seat , and can be adjusted quite easily , even without looking . I found the coverage on the lawn to be uniform , -LRB- something I had never quite been able to achieve with other spreaders -RRB- . I have a hilly lawn , so the wide stance and big tires made a full load of fertilizer easy to handle with no danger of tipping ! I issue only one negative and caution with a question . Why do manufacturers build an implement designed to hold corrosive materials and fail to use stainless steel in essential parts ? I , for one , will happily pay more for this feature . I would suggest to any prospective buyers to spray the rotor shaft and areas exposed to fertilizer or other corrosive material with WD-40 or similar product before using , and spray after cleaning after each use . Even though I washed out the spreader as instructed after use , corrosion had already begun its nasty work on the shaft and some adjacent parts . The spreader is a good one , but it could be great !!
 I recently bought this Precision Products 130-pound tow-behind spreader . I live in Albany , NY and we do get our share of ice and snow . Although I do not spread salt , I found this product does a superb job in distributing dry coarse sand , called cement sand , on my 75 ft. driveway . It took a few tries to adjust the flow properly , but now I found the setting . The hopper holds approx . 4 coal scuttles full of sand which is enough for one side of the driveway . Then I fill the hopper again and do the other side . Finding the proper towing speed is also a factor . Too slow does not spread very well . After a few passes I did find the proper speed . Maybe I should have bought the next larger size hopper -LRB- 200 lb . -RRB- to make the job go even faster , but all-in-all I am quite satisfied with the unit . The tires are a plus ... large enough and they do n't drag on the terrain . It 's a smooth , even spread . I give it 5 stars .
 Honestly took like 15 minutes to assemble . Love the fact that they made the spreader wide enough so you have no worries about it tipping . I use it to spread salt on my gravel driveway behind the house leading out to the back garage . It 's 200 feet long so the extra capacity is nice . I had considered the next size however their was a big price jump . This one is plenty large . The metal grate inside is great it breaks up the large chunks so the spreader has a nice consistent flow . The cover is great too so no water gets inside and nothing spills over the top . The drivetrain seems plenty strong and I appreciate that they even put a grease fitting on it -LRB- remember those ??!! -RRB- . I anticipate this spreader lasting a long time . Do n't hesitate to buy !!!
 I reviewed many spreaders and found many , if not most , had plastic gears , and thus , dented or warped with use . I found this advertised to having metal gears . It was a cinch to assemble , as most was already done . Very sturdy , smooth operation . Great product .
 I was all excited with it arrived on 4/13 . Very easy to put together , basically all you have to do is bolt the pull bar on and attach the adjustment lever to the pull bar . Construction is excellent and sturdy . Now for the weird thing , I will be using this as a 4 season spreader and found out that is does a poor job spreading grass seed . The small agitator as they call it , in the bottom of the spreader , it is the little wire that spins as you pull the spreader , does a poor job as installed . I called the 800 number listed in the instructions and spoke with a Design Engineer and he was aware of the problem and is sending me a replacement agitator to use when spreading grass seed . The one that is in the unit when it arrives is good for heavier spreadable product like ice melt , salt , lime , granular fertilizer but not seed . So I am now waiting for the new piece so I can get the seed out on my 4 acre yard .
 I bought this spreader based on other reviews and the fact that it is made of sturdier materials than the competition . I have only used it for spreading salt on our gravel driveway this winter and have not used any other spreader so this review is based on somewhat limited experience at this point . My drive has quite an incline and obviously not very smooth but this spreader never came close to tipping over . Not even a concern . Although the construction is sturdy , the assembly instructions could definitely use some improvement . Assembly is not difficult but the illustrations in the instructions are not clear or accurate so it took a little more time to put together than it should have . I am also having a slight problem with the adjustment controls which makes it a little tricky to get the opening completely closed when filling but this would not sway my decision to recommend this spreader to others . From what I 've seen of the competition available in local stores , this spreader is much better built and worth the extra money . I have no doubt that it will last a long time .
 Works well , enclosed transmission , metal gears , big tires , does n't tip over on hills . I 'm pleased ...
 After searching high and low for a decent broadcast spreader -LRB- it seems this is a seasonal item sold during the summer and fall -RRB- , I finally found this one . Although we do n't use it for fertilizer -LRB- we use it primarily for spreading salt during the snowy months on our extremly long driveway -RRB- , it seems to serve it 's purpose quite well ! I would recommend this item to anyone who needs a good sturdy broadcast spreader to attach to their garden tractor .
 very very ver yvery very satisfied ok ok tank you perfecto dont want to right any more ok ok ko
 I really think these are great chains . I have to cut alot of wood , trees , etc. and these do a super job . I will continue to buy from this merchant and would recommend them .
 This was a gift.Happy with it.Good condition.Not much to say , it 's just a flag.Would recommend to anyone who likes the Sabres .
 I lucked into this camera second hand -LRB- but new in the box -RRB- the very day our five indoor cats pushed out a window screen and made a prison break . We have five different personalities to contend with , one of whom is a feral adult we 're socializing for the Humane Society . I needed a tool that would help me in the likely event some would n't come home on their own . This seemed ideal.The instructions repeatedly recommend buying plastic tubing to protect the line from moisture . Pardon me , but when I buy an OUTDOOR device , I think it is reasonable to expect it to be weather proofed right out of the box . The company does sell a weather proofed version , but IMO anything made for outdoor use should automatically come dressed for a reasonable range of weather conditions.We set the camera up to focus on a bowl of food on our back deck . The bowl is tucked under the eaves and the camera is too . We ran the cord through a nearby window and set a tv on a table next to the window . The whole set up was very easy and took about 15 minutes with one person inside watching the tv for perfect placement and advising the other , who was outside setting it up . The picture was surprisingly clear ; the sound even better . That was at dusk . As soon as night fell , we could barely make out shadows . I made a mental note to set up a light the next day . Consider whether you will be wanting to watch critters at night or just during the day , and think about what accommodations you will need . It may be that it is not quite dark enough in my yard to get good contrast or too dark for this camera - I 'm not sure.Within an hour after set up , we saw eyes glowing in the region of the bowl . Thinking they were from one of the cats , I stepped out onto the deck and was greeted by a grinning opossum kit , thanking me for the unexpected snack . It soon became obvious that opossum would get all the night time eats at the bowl , so the decision was made to feed during the day only.The next morning my son got up , tripped over the extension cord to the TV and the tv screen went blank . He 's good with electronics so this was not a permanent loss , but he did n't trip hard and feels it broke too easily for a product in this price range . I got a sense from the instructions that the company knows their wire is not up to par , so this was almost too predictable . They seem to have chosen to address it with a lot of warnings -LRB- inside the sealed box , not where a buyer will see it before purchase -RRB- and offering a more sturdy model for more money . I paid very little for this camera , so still feel it was a screaming deal , but would not feel that way if I 'd paid full price.Other than the wires , I am impressed with this product and very grateful for the information it gave us . I am also a wildlife rehabber and wish I 'd had it when we released bunnies this past spring . I 'll use it for pre-release boxes for squirrels next time we have them . That consideration brings to mind just what sorts of wildlife watching you plan to do . Birds wo n't chew the wires on this but mice , rats , and raccoons sure will . Squirrels may or may not -LRB- they are no where near the chewers some animals are , unless they need to to survive -RRB- , but they do LOVE a camera and they and raccoon young will thoroughly enjoy inspecting and possibly unscrewing and dismantling that part of the kit . I 've known ones that would put Paris Hilton to shame , vamping and hamming it up for your viewing pleasure , if they learn that this projects a video of them , too.In case you are wondering , two cats came back as soon as we went looking for them . Our foster kitten was found under the deck in the morning . The feral came back the next morning after I got up and left a door open for him at dawn . Six days later , we are still searching for one last adult cat . He has not been to feed at the dish ; only opossum do , so we are taking it in during the day . Websites about finding missing cats have been very helpful , for those of you who find themselves in the same situation . BTW , such sites are the only place online that I was able to find reviews for this camera , and that is why I decided to write one myself .
 This is a great brush , rubberized handle , stiff bristles , works great . However the brush head is not replaceable . Next time I 'll buy one that is .
 The chain fit perfectly and I am happy with the purchase . I will be sure to contact your company for futures items .
 The item srrived just as described and quickly . I am pleased with the purchase!It will give new life to my old mower .
 Excellent replacement wheel for Craftsman mower . This wheel has a metal bearling which is better than the plastic bearing on the original .
 This is a great replacement wheel for the Craftsman lawn mower . The axle parts are METAL much better than the original plastic -LRB- which break , ergo the replacement -RRB- . The price was great too , if you get them from Sears the price almost doubles . Great service on the delivery , prompt and on date promised .
 For anyone new in town , the original version of this wheel had a plastic center bearing that was n't up to the challenge . At $ 35 per you do n't want to be replacing these wheels every two years and some replacements have the plastic bearing . This one does not . This is MUCH better purchase since the bigger size of the wheel puts a lot of torque on the center bearing.Mine is white by the way as shown . There are yellow wheels out there but the one I ordered here on Amazon is white .
 Perfect fit , great price , fast shipping . I highly recommend this seller and the accuracy of their descriptions . I received the replacement wheel in 3 days from the date of order and it fit perfectly .
 Got these to replace the original wheels for my craftsman mower . The new ones have a ball bearing hub , unlike the original . They fit perfectly , should last much longer . The new and old part # are the same . Not a bad price either , from sears they are $ 5 . oo more per wheel and its the same as the old wheel , all plastic !! Would recommend this for your replacement .
 This wheel fit perfectly when one of the spokes on the old one broke . None of the wheels available at the local big box stores would fit . I only wish I 'd gone ahead and ordered two together instead of just the one .
 Our Sears store was one that was closed earlier this year so finding a replacement was n't possible where we live . I had to order one so decided to go to Amazon . Cheaper than Sears and looks just like the one we still had on our lawn more . Just hope it holds up as well . It was towards the end of weekly mowing and have only used the lawn mower twice since replacing the tire . First time we had to replace the tire in 7 years .
 Nothing . This part is better then what came on the mower , should have bought two , before the other one fails .
 I ordered two of these wheels and they were exactly as advertised . I was very pleased with how quickly they arrived.I 'd had trouble locating 14 '' wheels that would fit the 1.75 '' long axles on the mower but these fit perfectly .
 The plants were in great shape , well packaged and are doing great . I 'm very happy with them and would buy again from this nursery . Thank you .
 It Is very compact , I use it to charge boat battery . Very easy to set up on boat . Can store in boat when not charging by rolling it up.Seems a little high priced , but probably because of its compact size .
 I love the saying on this stone and it appears to be very well made . The only complaint I have -LRB- the reason is it not a 5star rating -RRB- is the size -- I wish it was a little more substantial in size but overall very good for the money I paid .
 I owned this same item for over 12 years , and had installed it on my home in Arizona.The heat in Arizona destroys items like this in a short period of time ... But not this hose hanger!Some kid jumped up on it while it was installed on the house , and cracked it at the mounting holes.I looked on Amazon , which has everything and anything you could ask for in a product such as this.I was looking for the exact same item , and I found it on Amazon.Installed it last week using the same mounting holes already in the house , and I expect it to last forever this time.Great product , and it holds my 50 foot hose , plus an extra hose nozzle in the hinged compartment .
 good variety of cute stamps - sometimes you only get a couple good ones and the rest are junk . But this set is one of the better ones I 've come across .
 I have used the Camp Chef EX-170L camp stove for many years . My father has this stove and my brother also has this stove . We all love them . We all use them as our primary cook stoves when camping . As a family we like to go camping and quite often the group is 15-20 people large . We set up a cooking area under an EZ-Up tent and these stoves with the high pressure burner can not be beat for cooking outdoors . I have recently purchased the side shelves for mine . It 's winter here so I have not tried them out yet , but I can already tell they to are going to be an awesome addition to my stove .
 We purchased this product for our emergency power outage kit and have found that it is VERY useful without any emergency . One of its great features is that it keeps the heat out of the kitchen on those hot summer evenings when the thought of turning the stove on brings groans from every member of the family . We have used the Wok with the outdoor cooker and have obtained some of the best quality stir-fry as of yet . The griddle/grill is a very nice addition and surprisingly easy to clean . We also have a large garden and the cooker handles our canning equipment with ease . We 've enjoyed the experience and would recommend it to others .
 this stove is simply the lightest stove that can truly recreate a home kitchen as the burners have the power of a quality gas range and can out cook any of the lesser lighter stoves out There , but I would recommend a diffuser plate for delicate items such as omelets and French sauces just as you would do on a normal gas stovesalso camp Chef is a quality company as the griddle pate cracked due to an inperfection in the cast iron and camp shef with out question just sent out a placement at no cost or hasstle to methis is a company that not only builds top quaily products but also stands behind them.I use this stove car camping at Major medival and religous camping events I head to but would be equaly loved tailgatingalso at home it a great Brew station as i can brew and keg 2 batchs at the same time thus setting up 20 gal a day of homebrew in two stages
 The cooking system is a wonderful thing we bought . It is worth the price we paid for it . I buy a lot of things from Amazon.com , the reason I sit down to write this review today is not to write about the product itself . But , about the service you get at Amazon.comI just love the customer service at Amazon.com and will continue to shop here as long as they keep up their excellent service.I like the `` Free Shipping '' part of it , I had ordered several things via free shipping and it always arrives much faster than the specified time . Also , there were several instances when the price of the commodity I bought fell soon after I purchased it and all I had to do is send them an email and I got the difference credited to my account within 2 business days.Amazon.com , I am really impressed the way you do business . I would highly recommend using Amazon.com for all purchases , you dont have to think twice .
 `` I recieved the item on 2 Aug , two weeks before the estimated delivery date . The quality of the eagle is not what I expected the welds are sloppy and are not complete . My only other complaint is that the achor threads post is too short to go through a solar light so I had to remove the ball and just have the eagle sitting on top of the light . Overall it looks very good from atop the flag pole . '' However when the company heard about this they immediately contacted me and resolved the problem .
 I ordered 8 baskets and two were on backorder . This company was very helpful with my order and contacted me to make sure I received my order . I would definately order from them again .
 these are a commonly used chinese household object . not really useful for sitting for a western adult . nice as ornaments , plant stands , table/lamp accesories , bookends , object stands/displays , etc. i know it 's authentic because a female chinese friend visited , saw it , her eyes lit up -LRB- almost teary ! -RRB- , she reverted to her childhood , straddled it , and galloped around horsey style , remembering her youth and her mother . that alone makes it a great bargain !
 I just want to take this time say thank you , This is one beautiful plant it 's growing excellent thank guys great service specialy shipping . Wish I could post a picture to show how its growing .
 Just planted this item . Arrived well packaged , definitely do business with this company again . Hopefully will have full bloom come spring .
 The plants arrived in great condition and are hearty & healthy . Looking great in my garden already .
 This was exactly the correct part - at a remarkable price . Excellent customer service and shipping speed . I will be back to purchase more .
 This is a great fire pit for sitting around in the evening . The pit is built good with welded foot ring , legs are a little loose but work well .
 I 'm using this on my sailboat with a 30w solar panel to charge two 12v deep cycle batteries for my electric motor , it does an excellent job of silently keeping batteries fully charged without over charging or damaging the batteries .
 I have n't really had a chance to use this device as yet . Purchased it after reading about it was used for and how necessary it was to have . Thank you .
 After looking around on many different websites . This one got the best reviews without spending alot.Have a place down in Baja that is off the grid . So , when my other one finally died , I was happy to find this one .
 I put this guy between the Northern Tool 15 watt solar panel and a 33ah wheelchair battery . It 's doing a good job , exactly as expected . One thing that confused me at first is before you attach it to the battery both the CHARGING and BATTERY FULL light will be on , but once you hook it up to the battery it works as advertised .
 I use this with a Solaris 26 solar panel . Though both products are made by Brunton , their integration is rather lame . Panel to controller hook-up is not plug - & - play easy , & will require you to buy some wire connectors from your local hardware store.Other than that , does what it 's supposed to do . It does not have a removable cover where you can disconnect the wires from the terminal & attach longer or thicker gauge wires ... that would be nice.Add this to your watch list , I purchased mine about 3 months ago for $ 18 after watching it fluctuate from $ 20 - $ 25 .
 I use this controller with a 15 watt Brunton Solar Flat panel on a boat hoist that uses a 12V DC motor for the winch . The 12v battery remained charged throughout last summer with no `` over charging '' . The controller is easy to install and provides an indication of `` charging '' or `` charged '' . Amazon has a good price for this item .
 I bought this charge controller to use with a 20 watt solar panel to charge a 12 volt 10 AH battery . I use the battery to power a LED light in my bathroom.This controller is exactly like the Sunforce , Global Solar , and other 7amp charge controllers you find online . I have used this controller with 80 watts of panel without a problem . You have to follow the instructions and ALWAYS connect the unit to your battery first . When disconnecting ALWAYS disconnect your battery last . I do not leave it out in the weather so I can not offer an opinion on its ability to resist weathering.I would purchase it again without hesitation .
 I 've been using this with my solar panels since early summer this year . This does exactly what it should . The indicator lights on it are handy so you can see if your battery is receiving voltage from the panels , and you can see if you batteries are fully charged or charging.I 'd recommend it to anyone wanting to piece together a small inexpensive 12V solar power system.Note - You may want to consider a larger capacity charge controller if you are thinking about expanding your system down the road .
 I was interested in putting together a solar rechargeable 12 volt portable battery system , partly for experimentation , partly practical -LRB- with an 800 watt inverter it can power a couple lights and other electrical devices for quite a while during a power outage -RRB- . I purchased the Brunton solar controller based on another Amazon review and I am very pleased with its performance . The best feature is the indicator light which shows active `` charging '' which lit up right away when I hooked up the solar panel . It also has `` full '' indicator as well.This appears to be a high quality item well worth its price .
 I 've been using this unit to charge a 75ah deep cycle for almost 2 years using a Kyocera KS20 -LRB- 21voc , 1amp sc -RRB- Its simple and cheap and would highly recommend it for small battery packs and small arrays putting out less than 6amps .
 This controller works very well for keeping 1 or 2 12v batteries charged on 30 - 45 W panels . I neeed to keep my Batteries at 14.2 for at least 2 hrs a day to prevent corrosion buildup and this works perfectly .
 It 's been between a 15w solar panel and a small battery for a few months now , no issues as far as I can tell . Simple , relativity cheap , and built well .
 Small , simple installation with a 12 watt panel source , maintains the 2 batteries I have on the load side very well .
 I 've got one of these and in a word , it 's `` Awesome ! '' . We had one of the biggest storms of the last 20 years here in the Philly suburbs and it saved the neighborhood . It threw the snow over 15 feet from the machine when needed , and ate not only the original snow , but really came in handy when it had to clear out over 15 neighbors driveways AFTER the snow plow came thru and blocked them up again . I ran it for over 2 hours out of every 8 hours throughout the 3 day storm . It never quit . Be advised , it 's so powerfull , the daily paper that is buried below the snow , and unseen , zooms through it at the speed of light . -LRB- If you like your paper delivered in pieces -RRB- . The light really came in handy after 5:00 PM when I 'd be out keeping up with the snowfall after dark . Highly Recommended . And the Electric Start is BEAUTIFUL . It seems powerfull enough to propel the USS New Jersey Battleship across the Pacific . Electric Start ... the only way to go . A Full tank of gas -LRB- about 1.5 gallons is my guess -RRB- lasts for about 2 hours out in the cold . The engineers really did a great job designing and building this one ... and I 'm originally from North Dakota , so I know snow .
 This snow blower is a great investment , if you want a snowblower . It was shipped fast the , handle and shifting rod was the only thing to assemble . It was simple to raise put 4 wing bolts on and connect shifting rod . I gased it up and read how to start and it started and ran perfectly . The first snow of the season was about 8 inches deep where I live.Took me about 20 minutes to do my drive way , I have about 60 foot driveway , I did my moms about the same time she has about same driveway length as me.I also had to cut thru the plowed up snow from the townships snow plow , NO problem , went thru it like a hot knife thru butter ! It handled 8 inches deep snow with no problem what so ever . This was a better price then I could find anywhere . I am VERY pleased with this Snow King . Heres a tip if you have a leaf blower , it makes it easy to clean up and put back where you store it . Took me 15 minutes with a leaf blower to blow out all snow and ice , from the snow blower , blew it dry in about 10 minutes . No mess or dripping water from the snowblower . My neighbor has a 51/2 horsepower , he had problems clearing 8 inches , This 81/2 horsepower blower has plenty of power , throws the snow farther , and doesnt hesitate in 8 inches.I think it could handles alot more ! My neighbor is taking his 51/2 hp back and is going to get a 81/2 hp . More snow expected this weekend . I CANT WAIT !
 First of all , a part was broken on this when it arrived and communication with the company was extremely poor . We got the part after several sharp emails from me . The item is attractively shaped but I 'm disappointed that it is getting rusty so quickly . Other than that annoyance , it is just the right size for our small patio and puts out a nice flame . I wo n't buy anything from this company again , however .
 For anyone that buys this item , be prepared to do some modifications . The casting of the iron parts leaves enough flash to where you 'll need to take a Dremel rotary tool and grind the sections where the legs bolt to the bottom of the firepit and to the lower reinforcing ring to ensure a proper fit . I replaced the 6 nuts and bolts with some local hardware as the originals seemed to strip out too easily when I tried to assemble it . Standard 1/4 '' nuts and bolts work fine . The screwdriver and wrench supplied were minimally adequate , better to use tools from your own workshop . The 2 handles to the wire mesh door and the ash cleanout were bent and had to be rebent to function properly . This was n't a big problem but is something that ca n't be done with the tools supplied with the firepit . It 's also a good idea to tighten all the other nuts and bolts on the firepit before using , I found a few that were loose.For the price this is a good buy . Once assembled properly , there was no shaky feeling when moved around .
 We bought this fire-pit for our smaller size patio . We just love the look of the fireplace , the round design really makes it more compatible for smaller areas.This weighs a ton and we like how it weathers . It makes it look older than it is ! Only complaint is the hardware on the door hinge is kind of cheesy . It works , but not as solid as the rest of it is.I would buy it again . We get lots of compliments on the style of this too .
 I bought this book to replace a couple of macrame books that were borrowed from me in the early 1980 's and never returned . I like the look of natural fibers and hope to some day get up the steam to make a macrame hanging pot holder of epic proportions and , of course , find a place to hang it . This book offers enough examples of patterns to do just that . It is a real blast from the past so , all fiber arts personsshould have something like this in their library in case the urge to tackle something different arises .
 Easy to Make Macrame Pot HangersCaren Greenwood197424 pagesComplete patterns - illustrations - b/w & color photos - includes section on knots
 First one of these wore out we used it so much . Had to have another . Great tool for hamburgers on the grill !
 After reading reviews for a consumer products report on chipper-shredders , I tried to buy this one here as it is listed as a good one but alas , it is `` currently unavailable , '' a status not defined in the availablilty section of this website . -LRB- See for yourself on the link below -RRB- http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/browse/-/540842/ref=br_ca_/102-2487721-5348905
 I was reciently in the market for a new snowblower , I had just sold a 10hp mtd snowblower . I wanted something newer and more reliable . Living in eastern Canada we are acoustomed to large snowfalls of 50cm or more , three feet or more . I wanted a big rugged machine . After doing some research and looking at different models I chose the yardman 13hp 33 `` cut model . The store I purchased it at gave me the machine for $ 300.00 less by just asking the store manager . I have used the machine now to clean my driveway about 6 times now , and snow removal is now fast , fun , and efficient . The yardman is a big brute of a machine with lots of power . No comparisan to my old machine . Also this unit has power steering which makes the big snowblower handle great . You also have locking controls on the auger , so you can adjust the shute without stopping . You could handle this unit with one hand . Also starting is easy with electric start , but even on the coldest days one pull will bring this machine to life ! I think this is a great snowblower and one that will last me for years .
 These bags will hold whatever you need them to ; they are so strongit 's amazing . Stray dogs and animals can not get through them !
 We demoed our house to studs . We used these bags to fill with anything you can think of to put into a bag and then into a dumpster . We had plaster walls , roofing materials , lathe , nails , tile , ect . I only use these bags , we truly tested these bags . Do n't spend less on cheaper bags , these are the best .
 needed these for surrounding sand bags indoors and they are great . Did exactly what i hoped for and were extremely long lasting .
 These are some of the best bags you can get . I have not found any others that wo n't break when full of liquid . If you are cleaning up debris or just need a really strong bag , this is it .
 After Hurricane Sandy hit the NYC area , my backyard was covered with debris , leaves , twigs , branches , and some of everything else that the wind carried into my yard . I used these bags to do some deep backyard cleaning . What I love about these bags is that the twigs and branches I placed in them did not rip through the bag . They held up pretty well , especially after the garbage men came and was dragging several of the bags through the streets to their truck . No rips , no tears and definitely no worries about cleaning up the mess some of these garbage men leave behind . When I run out , I plan to get more.There are two contractor bags that I can 100 % depend upon to do a good job here on Amazon and depending upon which one is on sale at the time , that 's what I usually would order . The only thing that separate these bags from the other I like is that this one has tie flaps which makes it easier to tie the bag after it gets full . It can be pretty tough trying to tie a contractor bag because of the thickness , but no worries here .
 This watering can in a good size , and very well built . I expect to get several years of service from it .
 My son is really pleased about this bag - looks good though a bit `` loud '' . Good service .
 After searching on internet for something to kill stink bugs -LRB- shield bugs -RRB- found a poison -LRB- Cypermethrin -RRB- that kills em , found cyper eight was the only one in this area that had it . Mixed it one oz per gal and has been killing stink bugs for 3 weeks . Sprayed it around doors and windows and along eves and finding dead stink bugs by the dozen every morning around every door and window . Follow all directions for this , not to be used around pets and anything eatable . Wash off door handles and anything else you are gon na touch , This stuff is TOXIC ! Wear disposable gloves ! It does kill stink bugs , for sure
 This was easy to put together . The instructions are very simple . It has a heavy stand so it does n't tip over . Once the water is in the birdbath and it is plugged in , the water comes out of the frog 's mouth and flows over the lily pad . It is really a cute birdbath .
 I have been using these for many years . They are ground up whole corn . When squirrels eat off of corn cobs they eat just the tiny germ and then discard the rest of the kernel creating a big mess.I live deep in woods virtually surrounded by State Park/Lake/Wildlife Habitat , Towns Habit , County Habits and Audubon Lands . Off my house is a tree level 30 ft X 30 ft deck with many METAL bird feeders on two sides hanging out into the woods . There is no way to totally protect them from the squirrels , who eat up plastic and wood , but using long , nearly horizontal hangers for feeders and safflower seeds for those that hang close to rails helps to discourage squirrel chewing . Squirrels are n't supposed to like Safflower but I have one pregnant female who eats safflower . ; -LRB- Anyway I keep two logs out at all times for the many , many wild -LRB- obese -RRB- squirrel `` pets '' that live here . I can usually go through `` only '' about 6 logs a week -LRB- and some wildlife feed scattered on deck -RRB- as long as I bring one of the logs in every night that the opossums steal if left out.I have n't observed any other birds showing much interest in the logs other than the Crows . They love them . We have several families of Crows who visit daily to eat the logs , Safflower seeds , and woodpecker 's special suet -LRB- squirrels favor that one too -RRB- . BTW ... On the few occasions we run out of Squirrelogs and are not successful hitting the few stores around that carry them but always seem to be out we have had to use corn cobs . Between the crows and squirrels we have to replace the cobs every hour or so . AND THE MESS !!!!! This price from this seller is the best I have found even with shipping . And with one exception the packages from our local sources always have bugs in them ... the one that does n't has the initials is PS.You wont go wrong getting this product . I used to use the little wood seat to hold the logs . After the novelty wears off a strategically placed screw holder that comes with some of the packaged logs works fine and gives appropriate viewing pleasure . One local seller sells packages that icludes a holder screw in each package ; others sell packages without the screw holders . The prices are pretty close . I have a huge collection of the screw holders and have n't yet found another use for them .
 Best squirrel food I have found . Easy to use in tree-mounted feeders . Long lasting , no waste , no mess , and economically priced . Highly recommend .
 I have a family of squirrels who eat everything in sight.I bought a beach chair , which I attached to the oak tree , that is used as a feeder.I have been using corn cobs for the past few years , which are eaten up by the dozen.I found these corn logs and noticed that one lasts 3 or 4 days . One is equivalent to 2 dozen cobs or so.This is a lot less messy , and more convenient than replacing cobs all the time .
 easy way to feed the squirrels & keep them away from the bird feeders . they really last !
 This goes down much faster than 10-12 ears of corn . With 6 squirrels living in my area , they fight over the squirrel log , and the one that wins , eats it until they are satisfied . It definitely keeps the squirrels away from the bird feeders , and the birds are happy .
 Product was as advertised . Arrived on time in excellent condition . Would purchase from this merchant again . It was a better price here than I could find locally . Satisfied customer.The squirrels turn to this when their feeder is empty . It last a long time . Try to keep it out of the rain .
 I have been using this product for years . It also attracts Woodpeckers and Blue Jays and is longer lasting than other products I have tried.Delivery was prompt .
 Ever since I place one on one of my backyard trees . Just to keep them away from my fruit trees . I 've had squirrels and birds from woodpeckers down to finches nibbling at it . And its gone in a matter of days . It is an excellent birdwatcher tool . if you have the screw-in stand for it , the critters will come .
 We received our order in 4 days . This was the fastest service I have had to date .
 We put these out for the squirrels so they do n't get all wigged out over our other seed , but we 've seen rabbits totally get into these logs . We even watched one get up on its hinds and give a small squirrel a whap across the body . Pretty cool seeing nature attack one another .
 Man , , my Squirrels LOVE This Stuff !! I mean I have Two Feedersout in my front Yard & My Squirrels really go for them !! BUT -- I have reg corn to offer them as well when they start to getFinicky . . But I always have liked this product . . JUST DO N'TLet It Get WET from Rain !! It decenter grates really fast ... Also have a cover for it so the DEW dosnt get on it and makeit mold faster ... By the way I live in Southern Texas ...
 I 've been getting these for a couple years now , more for the benefit of our cats than the squirrels specifically . I hang them on a fence just outside the window , and the squirrels are on this thing all day long , not looking overly concerned with the two hungry-looking , twitchy cats glued to the window screen not six feet away.Well , to be honest , it 's not just the cats that park at the window . Everybody likes watching the squirrels . I 've got them on a wire fence , so as often as not the squirrels are actually going at them from the back side , meaning our view is of squirrel belly and legs all splayed out to whatever wire they can grab . You know when they 're out there , too , because you can hear them gnawing away at the log . That or chattering back and forth at the cats.The only real drawback is that they go through them pretty quick . Not because the logs are n't substantial , but just because they 're so addicted to them . I think it took them a little while to discover them when I first put them out , but once they figured it out there was no turning back . I do n't think one lasts more than a week now . No mess of seed hulls underneath is a big plus .
 Squirrels found this food right away . Entire log is edible . Much easier putting this log out than continually putting nuts out each day .
 I put one of these in my backyard , came back and checked it a few days later expecting to see it nibbled on a bit , but it was almost completely gone . I am glad the cute little squirrels like the treat and hopefully I can lure them close enough to pet them !! ; -RRB-
 the squirrels took 2 days to find but there was a great surprise to it wren love more than the squirrles but they both love it so its great
 I am unable to find C & S Sweet Corn Squirrelogs where I live . Thank goodness I am able to order them online thru Amzazon . The price was excellent and the shipping to my home was fast and efficient!Thanks !
 I love this product and have been using it for years . Our pet stores stopped carrying it and I 'm so glad that I found it on line . Our squirrels love it and we even have woodpeckers that eat it to .
 It is what it is -- great stuff , if you want to attract squirrels , although once a few of them discover it , they will eat one or two each day ! Good price , quick delivery . Convenient for bulk buying . No complaints .
 If you have bird feeders and squirrels like to come and raid them this product will keep them busy at their own feeding spot . The corn logs last much longer than the usual corn cobs and only squirrels have the teeth to really make a dent in the logs .
 This product could not be located at the local store where it was originally found . I was thrill when I found the items on the internet . My squirrels are happy again and they can eat as good as the birds . Thank you .
 The plants arrived super fast , the packaging was perfect , and the plants were in perfect shape when they arrived . The description stated there were multiple plants in one pot . I figured 3-4 plants we got a pot with 11 plants and all of them were healthy and hearty . They needed to be re-potted with in days of arrival because they grew do quickly . I totally recommend these coffee plants to everyone
 This product shipped the same day that I ordered it and arrived about 48 hours later . It was well packaged and arrived in perfect condition . It looks a great deal like the photo and also very healthy in my opinion . The size is a little greater than promised and does not include the root system . I got exactly what I paid for ... maybe a bit more.Edit ... a few weeks later this plant is thriving . It is healthy and growing ... I mention this because other coffee plants I ordered have not shown the same results .
 Plants arrived earlier then I expected , got eleven in all . They were very healthy , and potted nicely . Shared 4 with my brother and he loves his as well . Well worth the money .
 Plants arrived is great condition especially for ordering in the middle of winter . Shipping was fast . will buy from again !
 Plants arrived live and well , did not seem shocky at all . Each pot had several small plants that seperated easily .
 It arrived very soon after th order , it was nice wrap and not a mess , one thing wish it came with is how to care for it , but other wise amazing , price
 Arrived a day early and on top of that it was packaged very well . It was alive and healthy ! I have had it for a few weeks now and it still living despite the multiple nibbling attacks from my cats .
 My Sister is a HUGE Coffee fan . She must have a cup in the morning and I felt it would be great if she could grow her own Coffee beans and roast/brew anytime without having to drop by a store for coffee . The package arrived nice and secure with a nice and healthy plant . Hopefully I can keep it healthy til Christmas time . Thanxs for the wonderful gift idea !! I recommend it for any Coffee lover .
 The two sets I ordered were packed well and arrived in excellent condition , with lots of fresh bright green growth . They were in definite need of some water by the time they arrived from the post office , but were in no way suffering from their trip . I attempted recently , and unsuccessfully , to start my own plants from some green beens I had at the house from a bulk coffee purchase and can appreciate the time and effort taken to get these started and shipped in the shape they were . For those curious , coffee beans are easy to get to germinate , but hard to get to sprout because that process takes about two months . I 'm really looking forward to seeing how well these do and hope to get my first crop in a few years .
 The coffee plant came just as other reviews had mentioned , in a small 4 '' pot with tape around it to keep the soil from falling out . I was very impressed with how well the plants handled the shipping process and how green and shiny the leaves were when I popped them out of the box.I planted them into a larger terra cotta pot so they would n't crowd eachother , but they 've been growing so fast that I decided to transfer them -LRB- after only 2-3 months -RRB- to a larger planter box . The 9 plants are now all spread out in a staggered line and share the abundant sunshine and rain -LRB- or tap water -RRB- they get every day.All the plants are still very healthy and growing very quickly . These plants seem to really enjoy having plenty of water and have had no problems so far with either of the pot transplants .
 I ordered two of these for my boyfriend for Christmas ' 09 . They arrived very quickly , and were packed very well
 I bought these early this summer . I just got one , which came as a single pot containing a tangle of plants that were mostly 4 '' in height . I separated all the plants before potting them . Now , about six months later , I have about eight seedlings ranging from 4 '' to nearly a foot in height . I have n't found any health problems with them , though one turns yellow when it 's brought inside my dim apartment -- sort of odd , since all of the others have been fine indoors.Care notes : I have done nothing special with my plants -- they are in regular Miracle-Gro brand potting mix , in terracotta or well-drained plastic pots with a bit of styrofoam or drainage rock at the bottom . They loved the rainy Atlanta summer and fall ; I never added water unless they started to look limp . When I water them indoors , I let the water flow through the dirt several times so that the dirt is soaked . I want the soil to stay moist for several days , but I do n't want a bog . Keep the plants ' native climate in mind , and you 'll do fine.They 're clearly sensitive to cold -- they droop dramatically when exposed to weather below about 40F , so I 've moved them inside as needed . -LRB- Do keep them out of reach of cats . They 're not poisonous like poinsettias , but you do NOT want to be cracked in the shin by a fast-moving caffeinated feline . Trust me on that . -RRB- To those who think they 'll be able to harvest coffee from these things
 I was also pleased when this plant arrived . I have had it for a few months now , and it grows slowly and steadily . Very attractive plant , that you can leave in the kitchen window , and spritz with water every few days . I think it would also make a great gift , because who 'd ever think to go to a nursery and buy a coffee plant ? It makes a great addition to the kitchen or any room . I have not seen the red buds on mine yet , but am hopeful .
 The plant showed up in great shape and did n't wilt or anything when I switched it to a different pot . I am known for my black thumb of death and this tough little guy did n't even flinch during it 's two week stay with me before it went onto a friend as a gift .
 After losing two hibiscus plants to insects , I decided to stick with indoor plants in my apartment . I had a coffee tree years ago that grew to be taller than I - indoors in Seattle . That tree produced beans . I had never ordered a plant for myself online . Ordering from Hirt 's was a breeze and my future coffee tree arrived sooner than expected . I 've followed Hirt 's instructions . My plant/tree is actually composed of several stems . It is doing fine in indirect light , which is the key to success with coffee trees . Too little sun or too much direct sun will simply kill a coffee tree . Other than lighting , if you do n't over water , your tree with grow nicely . Coffee tree leaves are a rich , shiny green . Do n't hesitate to order from Hirt 's . Later in the year , I 'll probably order something else from Hirt 's because they seem to really value customers and they send you a more than healthy plant .
 I bought 3 plants as a package from this seller in February of 2009
 I ordered 2 pots of this coffee plant about a week ago . At first , I was n't happy at the shipping and handling cost . However , I had read the product description where it said there would be multiple plants in each pot , so I thought I would get a few extra plants and that would be ok . They arrived yeaterday , and to my shock , one pot had over 10 plants ! I was thrilled ! I could n't believe it ! That more than made up for that extra shipping and handling cost . I do n't know if they will live out the season once I get ahold of them , but they all look very healthy and disease free , so far .
 Received in EXCELLENT condition - especially considering it 's the middle of January and the package sat on my porch for at least 4 hours in subfreezing temperatures . I ca n't believe how good this plant looks ! It even came in a pot ! I 've ordered plants by mail before this is the first company who sent the plant in a pot , usually it 's a bag of dirt.I am very very pleased . I will order many many more products from Hirt 's Gardens .
 I am very happy with the plant I received and the way it was sent . My only complaint is that there were no instructions at all ! I did e-mail the company to try to get some , but have n't heard back from them yet . Nevertheless , the plant was very healthy and I am happy with it.Okay its almost 2 years later and just thought I would let you know the plant is still alive and doing fine ! It has grown to be about 2 feet tall and I am wondering if it is time to transplant .
 This little pot had nine plants in it ! I 've seperated and repotted them , so far they look great . They arrived in perfect condition , not one leaf damaged , I do beleive I 'll be ordering from Hirts again and again.Update
 I 've had the plants about 2 weeks now and have n't given them too much attention ... They are in my kitchen and I open the blinds so the sun shines on them and make sure they are getting enough water so the dirt is moist.Shipped fast and were packaged great ! It is winter right now and it did n't have any negative effect on the plants ... I ca n't wait to see what they look like as they grow ! The leaves are beautiful .
 Have purchased both the 6 &#34; and 4 &#34; pots . Each pot has multiple seedlings . The 4 &#34; plants are easily damaged , and I have found the 6 &#34; always survive the journey with less stress . Pots are carefully covered and well packaged . Priority shipping is way to go and service was great
 Just received the coffee bean plant , am totaly surprised how healthy the plants are . Very healthy looking plants , there was five in the little pot . So will have plenty should they live after replanting . I am so looking forward to watching them grow . I was also surprised with the seller , I asked a question before looking it up online . They were prompted with answering that they are self polinating . Very pleased with the seller .
 A simple plastic pot and it was probably more like 5 '' tall . No dying leaves , looks to be in great condition . It 's far enough along that if it dies , it 's my fault . Could n't ask for me . No to see how the beans taste once they start on .
 Beautiful healthy plants . Wish we . would plant them outside where I live but I 'm sure it will be just fine in a pot .
 The plant arrived within a week , packaged well , looks good , and is about 8 or 9 saplings in the little pot . Even though this was packed really well , some of the soil did come out of the pot , exposing roots , and one plant had been snapped in half . I believe this had more to do with the post office than the handling at Hirts , I will be ordering more plants .
 The plant arrived in excellent condition . Not a stem broken . It 's healthy , green and just beautiful . My mother saw mine and ordered 3 for herself .
 I understand it takes years for a coffee tree to bear fruit . That said , this plant has done very nicely over the past few months . It outgrew its original container so I planted it in a larger one . It is thriving and the base has started to become bark , which I 'm taking as a good sign . The soil I used was for succulents with some -LRB- ~ 10-20 % -RRB- added perlite . Maybe I 'll come back in a few years and update , but by now I can tell the plant is viable and doing well . People ask me what it is and it 's fun to tell them it 's a coffee plant . : -RRB-
 I have had these for about one year and they are slow growing -LRB- from two inches tall to about 1 ft. tall now -RRB- . But they are very healthy . Remember to keep them indoors because they like temps . between 60 - 85 degrees F . They crave a lot of light and love fluorescent lights . They are great for the office where you have artificial lights .
 I received my little coffee plant -LRB- s -RRB- on 6/6/2011 . I put them in my greenhouse immediately after giving them about 2 tbsp of water . They have been doing great so far . I know these are somewhat temperamental plants , and i plan to move them inside when it gets too hot , but for now , they are doing great in the greenhouse . I also plan to separate them sometime soon , although i need to look into any special treatment they might need for transplant . I will update this as necessary and am including a pic ... as of June 11 , 2011 . June 24
 I have bought a few houseplants from this company and have found the plants to be good quality . As others have said , they are wrapped up securely and shipped speedily enough for the plant to be healthy upon arrival . This coffee plant in particular is hard to find as most people do not think of this cash crop as a classic interior plant , so , if you really want one , this is a good way to get it .
 The plant that I bought was as described , it still lives and it is growing , thank you for the fast delivery
 Great product , outstanding packaging for live plantsVery satisfied with product after a month from purchaseWill be back . and highly recommend if you want to growanything you will not regret
 This plant had so many perfect leaves that it looked like an artificial plant when I was pulling it out of the box . There are 10 seedlings in the pot and they all look very healthy . The directions about water , light and replanting are very specific and easy to understand . Only a small amt of the dirt spilled out in transit - not enough to hurt the plants . There was still plenty in the pot with the seedlings . I plan to keep them as house plants , but if you want to put them outside , you need to watch the temperature when you replant them . The directions also included what to do the first few days after the plants arrive - do n't repot right away , do n't put them out yet if it 's cold , etc.I 've ordered various products from Hirt 's Gardens over the past few years and I 've never been disappointed . I 'm looking forward to seeing them grow this spring .
 Shipped good after a month still looks good and healthy . I have no problems with it . Satisfied . Who knows maybe I 'll get coffee beans to use .
 I bought this together with a banana palm which arrived in the same box . I was pleased when I saw the plants were both in decent sized pots -LRB- 4 '' -RRB- and were in very good condition . The packaging was very good and the pot soil was held in place with tape so it was still in the pot and moist . I 've repotted into 8 '' pots so the plants look a little lost right now but I have every expectation that they will fill the pots eventually . The coffee plant is looking very happy but the banana palm is pale and limp . However , that 's probably my fault because it looked better when it arrived.I have read that , although you can grow coffee plants in SoCal -LRB- where I live -RRB- , they do n't produce usable beans so I would n't plan on brewing coffee from these plants unless you own a hothouse.I ordered the plants about 10am , got a shipment confirmation at 4pm on the same day and they arrived the following day . Amazing.The only bad observation is that the instructions that came with these coffee plants were for carnivorous plants . I 'm pretty sure coffee plants are n't carnivorous.I would buy from this supplier again .
 What an excellent tree ! I look forward to trying to grow coffee in North Dakota . I 've had it for a little over a week now and it has grown by more than 75 % ! It 's very important that you find the right soil for the coffee plant . I bought a bag of citrus and cactus dirt , sand , small pebbles and 10-10-10 fertilizer and made a mix of soil . The plant is thriving !
 I got the tree fast and followed the easy instructions . now I am waiting for the beans to grow ... if they do .
 I purchased this early for a Christmas gift for my sister and husband ... I wanted to be sure it was going to be a good plant and to give it time to grow . Since there were a lot of little plants in the pot , I split this into two seperate pots . I get to keep one for myself!These plants arrived quickly and well packaged.I repotted these in a mixture of cactus and organic potting soils and they are doing great ! They sit outside on my table where they get a little morning sun , I will bring them in for the winter . Lots of new growth - my only problem ... I may not have chosen a new pot big enough!A more detailed care sheet would have been appreciated.Will purchase from Hirts again .
 When my plant arived , I was very excited . I opened the box and under all of those packing peanuts was my coffee plant . It came through USPS in a medium sized box that was perfectly intact . In the box was also your purchase ticket and a few general instructions . The coffee plant was in excellent condition , all the leaves a nice green . In the pot was 8 plants that ranged from 5-10 '' . It has been about two weeks since I have planted the plant and it has really taken off . If you have any doubts about buying this item do n't because Hirt 's does an excellent job getting the plants to your front door .
 Ordered 2 plants and received them within 3 days - in perfect condition . Each pot has at least 5 plants growing and all are healthy .
 I ordered three of these as a gift for a coffee lover . They 're pretty small - just a few inches tall - but are cute ! They come with a little tag showing that they 're coffee plants , and they 've survived very well even in a winter Wisconin home -LRB- ~ 65 degrees or so inside . -RRB- We keep them in the bathroom so they can soak up the warm steam whenever we take a shower . Very happy with the purchase ... a unique item for any gardener / coffee lover !
 I was concerned about ordering live plants to be delivered when temperatures were below freezing outside , but to my surprise , the plants arrived not only alive , but thriving . The package was sent by priority mail and was labeled `` perishable '' on the outside . Each plant -LRB- Olive Tree , Dwarf Musa Banana , Coffee Plant , and Dwarf Blueberry -RRB- was carefully packed in packing peanuts and not a single leaf was disturbed or wilted . There was a warmer included in the package to keep the plants warm during shipment . Each plant pot was individually wrapped with masking tape to prevent the soil from falling out . The plants were bigger than I anticipated . It has been about a month and all of the plants are continuing to grow . I am very happy with my purchase .
 Did not know about ordering plants by mail . Came quickly and alive . Still 4 months later are still going strong .
 Received the plants in excellent condition ... each plant looked very healthy ... transplanted them according to the instruction included in the package and the plants continued to thrive ... I love them !!!
 Received before due date , the item is in great shape and is working great . thanks for the great customer service
 I was very pleased with the product and the speed in which I received it . I will use this site for my future purchases ... especially with the hard to find items !
 The trees are not 5 '' tall or taller . Other than that great packaging for shipping.No dirt was spilled out becausethey put masking tape over the top of the planter it came in.They say there are a couple plants but the truth is whenseperated them there were 9 plants . I am very happy about my purchase.They are growing in my house in inderectSun .
 I was very satisfied with this purchase and the coffee trees . There was at least 7 small saplings int the delivery . I have some in my home and work office . They are facinating and everyone is attracted to them . They are a nice addition to any household or work office . Thanks .
 I got this plant a few weeks ago and just to make sure it was doing well before I wrote a review . So far theplant is thriving . Plant was packaged well with shipping pellets and tape over the soil to stop it from spilling out.Or should I say plants as It seems there are a couple coffee bean plants growing in my pot . This is the way togrow this plant , do n't mess around with seeds if you are considering growing this plant just buy it here .
 my coffee plants i bought from hirt 's nursery are doing pretty well . although when i emailed hirt 's with some questions about the care of my new plants , they were not very helpful . they only replied with a web site to go to that was n't even theirs . e-how . com was alot more helpful with the questions i had , then the web site they gave me . i still have some questions , but if i ca n't find it , i learn as i go . i do plan on buying more coffee planrs from hirt 's because they were very healthy when they arrived and arrived just a few days after i ordered them . they are looking better now that i am misting them once a day and have put a little used coffee grounds around the plant in the pot . with the high cost of coffee , i love the thought of growing and harvesting my own coffee one day .
 I received the two pots ordered in excellent condition . The plants were healthy and full of life and each pot had 4-5 plants and not just one plant . I already transplanted them in separate pots and I now have 10 pots with ten healthy trees which I hope will survive so that I may transplant them again in my garden.However , I would like to suggest a better way of packing so that the plants could travel for longer distances . I was in New York when I received them and then I had to travel to Greece and Cyprus where I wished to take them with me . I had to repack them myself very carefully and I did manage to bring them alive and healthy up to my final destination in Cyprus . They are doing well so far and I hope they will thrive in our moderate climate . I had a similar experience one year ago and I have 8 plants in my garden doing quite well.I would also like to be able in future to order and receive such plants or any other for direct delivery to me in Cyprus .
 I bought a plant , or plants -LRB- ? -RRB- , which are now in my kitchen window . Seem to be growing well , but I 'm hoping they survive the winter . I also bought some coffee seeds and have planted them in a BioDome starter tray , which is like a little mini greanhouse , and hopefully they will grow as well . Of course I suppose I should have this outside during the summer , but I 'm not sure until I see how it does that I want to take that chance . I 'm looking forward to good results though and maybe the seeds I bought will be something to look forward to this winter .
 The plant arrived on-time with a heating element so it would not freeze . The plant remains very healthy and is what I expected .
 I love all kind of plants . Never had a coffee bean plant before . Hoping it will produce some coffee beens so I can use them for some coffee .
 These plants are growing well despite bing cold in the house this time of year . New leafs has emerged , no beans yet .
 I ordered this plant and a bay plant for a friend , expecting that i will receive 1 shoot of plant in 4 '' pot to my surprise it had 4 healthy and very good looking shoots in a 4 '' pot which was nicely packed and shipped.i normally buy my stuff from amazon only but for this product I looked around lot and finally decided to order from this seller and boy I am happy to say that it was a very pleasant experienceI will definitely order more from this seller.To the seller
 I bought two plants , and actually received 2 pots with a total of 7 plants ! Seperated and replanted them , and 5 of the 7 are doing well . The other 2 are a little scraggly and sickly , but they are being coddled extra so I have high hopes !
 Item arrived exactly as described . Highly recommended , would do business with them again . A + + + + + +
 SM-90 is a food safe insecticide and root conditioner . It kills fungus , and all sorts of other pests . Works very well on powdery mildew . This is a very good product . It has saved my plants from many pesky pests .
 This is a great product . i have had very good sucess in using sm-90 , i have noticed my system has been running better since i have started useing sm-90 . i would recommened to anybody .
 I purchased this to replace a tiller with reverse . I really had my doubts about it , but it really turned me around . I tilled the area I had for a garden in about 3 hours the first time and it is now taking me about 2 hours each time . I would recommend this Tiller to any one it is great .
 Just got this machine . Well , I got one close to this . I was planning on ordering this one from Amazon but found a clearance priced unit at Lowes with a 6HP OHV engine for a lower price and I was able to take it home right away -LRB- No shipping and waiting -RRB- Got it home and it started right up . Extremely pleased with its performance . It tore right through my grassed in areas where I am starting a garden and flower beds . I was amazed at how quickly and how good of a job the tiller did on the soil . I dug out a 30 ' x 15 ' garden and over 100 ' of flower beds in just a few hours with no problems . The soil is ready for planting.A few things , it is not as easy as the ads show . it is hard work to wrestle this -LRB- or any other tiller -RRB- around whilst digging . You will get a workout and if you are lacking upper body strength , you might find it to be too much . You might also consider the model with a reverse gear for added maneuverability . The rear tine design is miles ahead of using a front tine model however . This was a pleasure compared to a front tine.A few specifics to this machine ... You have to pull a pin and slide the wheels on the axle shaft and reinsert the pin to engage the gear drive . Not the hardest thing to do but something to be aware of . The machine is very slow to transport unless you leave the wheels disengaged , shut off the engine and just push it . Also , if you chose to use the engine to transport the machine to where you are working , the tines will rotate as the wheels move . There is no way to have the unit propel itself without the tines spinning.All in all , its more than I was hoping for . I was considering a Mantis 4 stroke but for less money , I was able to buy the correct machine as I would have been expecting way too much from a smaller tiller . Dollar for dollar , I could n't be more pleased with the performance .
 My front tine tiller finally broke . I always wanted a rear tine so this is it . No disappointment . It starts great and is easy to use . I no longer have to wrestle the tiller . This works great . I was cheaper to buy from Amazon and ship than it was to buy local . If you are considering a rear tine look no further . my only regret is I wish I would have bought this years ago !
 This rototiller , while smaller than anticipated , does the job I need it to on my half acre of land . It actually worked out better that it was n't the size that I thought it was because it may have been too big . I use it about once a year to till garden space and it performs wonderfully and is relatively easy to start . I have loaned it to family members to use for their gardens as well and have good feedback from them on the tillers performance as well .
 I originally discovered these new lightweight pots at the local garden center , but have since ordered several from ... because of the price . Unless I ca n't find the sizes I need , I will never order any other type of pot again . They 're * amazing * . I 'm not sure what these are made of , but it looks just like clay and it 's super-lightweight -- much easier moving around the house and garden than the real thing . Unlike clay , they are completely waterproof , though drainage can be achieved by drilling a few holes through the bottom . Versatile design
 I 've recently moved to an apartment with a patio that desperately called for green growing creatures , but it 's a long walk from the garage to my front door , so these pots were a godsend . You can carry a stack of them with one hand.Attractive and sturdy , it 's nice to know that they provide insulation from heat and cold . The bottom has a spot in the middle marked `` drill here for drainage '' . Being without a drill , it took less than a minute to gently tap in a large nail half way , remove it with a twirling motion , and get a nice drain hole.This is a great invention , and apparently chip and crack resistant as well ... the designs are aesthetically pleasing , and my green friends are happy in their new homes .
 These planters are terrific for outside -LRB- Northern California -RRB- ! This particular brand is of high quality and my plants thrive in them -LRB- I have had some geraniums in them for 2 years -RRB- . I really like the insulating qualities and I can water them less frequently than if the planters were clay .
 This lightweight attractive planting pot is a wonderful invention for the flower gardener . It is so much easier to move around than the traditional clay pot . I have 8 of these in various sizes and use them to set smaller pots in . I have found it is the perfect solution to moving your plants inside during the winter months . Not only is it attractive decor in your home , it does n't leak , sweat or stain the surface you sit it on and makes winter watering a breeze . If you are away from home during the summer months when watering daily is essential , just fill the pot half full of water , set a smaller clay pot inside and instantly you have a self watering system . It works great for me and is a beautiful accent to my deck and patio area .
 This is a sturdy rake and pan combo that I leave outside year ` round for easy acces . It has n't rusted in years of outdoor weather . I always wrap a plastic grocery bag around the pan when scooping . Could be improved by adding an ergonomic forearm cuff handle for wrist support when carrying those heavy loads .
 I originally discovered these new lightweight pots at the local garden center , but have since ordered several from Amazon because of the price . Unless I ca n't find the sizes I need , I will never order any other type of pot again . They 're * amazing * . I 'm not sure what these are made of , but it looks just like clay and it 's super-lightweight -- much easier moving around the house and garden than the real thing . Unlike clay , they are completely waterproof , though drainage can be achieved by drilling a few holes through the bottom . Versatile design
 If it was not for the multiple functions of this backpack it would be overpriced , but it is n't really for carrying your books to class anyway . This is perfect to carry all the essentials you need to bring the party to any location . It is a 12 pack cooler and stereo that can fit all the other necessary essentials to make the party blow up .
 The main reason that I bought this was because it is made in U.S.A. . I try to buy as much American made as I can.I have n't used it yet , so I do n't know how well it works .
 I can not say enough about this pot . It is lightweight and very durable . If you have to move this pot for any reason its lightweight materials make it very easy to carry . While providing a beautiful exterior this pot can be dropped without harming it and can be easily drilled for drainage . Since having this pot I have never had any problems or complaints . I actually hope it lasts forever , I do n't know what I would do without its great look and durablility .
 Light , sturdy , easy to move . These pots can be used as attractive cachepots or holes can be drilled easily for drainage and plants may be grown in them directly . Plants grown in these pots overwinter surprisingly well here in Wisconsin due to the insulating nature of the formed foam material and the depth of the pots . I have multiple sizes of these pots and want even more . They hold up well outside and have survived a number or northern winters without any protection .
 This was very hard to find ; did n't have stock in the stores anymore . Glad that Amaazon had it . The only holdback is the cost of shipping .
 I 've used Spray-N-Grow for over 20 years , and I consider it one of the true ` miracle products ' on the market today . In fact , back in the 80 's , I sent in photos of a streptocarpus I had grown using this product , which had over 100 luxuriant blooms ! This photo was then printed in their next mailing.My understanding is that its micronutrients boost growth and enable the plant to more fully utilize what 's in the soil . Flower count , particularly of annuals like impatiens , are astounding . Moreover , one can see the results almost immediately on ` tired ' plants , which perk up within minutes . Spray-N-Grow sends out marketing material , as mentioned , that features photos sent in from happy growers , including vegetable growers . It 's all true ! I 've never heard of anyone being disappointed in this product .
 Have used Spray-N-Grow micronutrient complex on flowers , veggies , herbs and have even dipped my bulbs in it before planting . Wow - good stuff ! Since you ca n't control the weather might as well stack the gardening cards in your favor any way you can . Order a bottle -LRB- one bottle makes a boatload of spray so it 's a great deal -RRB- , follow the directions and know that bigger , fuller , more flowereful plants are in your future . Wohoo !
 I moved into a home that has had the same owners since the early 80s and they neglected the yard - really neglected . The soil was practically sand , nothing bloomed for over a year , no matter how much miracle grow and other fertilizers I tried . I had given up . My mom bought some spray n grow and had amazing results . She said I HAD to try it . There were hibiscus plants that were simply green and stalky , no flowers :-LRB- So I started spraying . I sprayed everyday for a week because when I tell you my yard does n't bloom it does n't bloom , and I water consistently , fertilize and everything is planted according to desired sun levels . Well I am 2 weeks in ... and my hibiscus have over 10 blooms and the first oped today ! It is a beautiful shade of hot pink ! I almost uprooted them because I assumed I must have been wrong , they were n't hibiscus , just an over grown weed . So glad I didnt ! They are stunning ! All 6 plants have lots of blooms and I can not wait to FINALLY see the colors !! I have been dying for some color and now I finally have it.My mom sprayed also everyday for the first 1-2 weeks now she only sprays once a week . Once all these plants have blooms , then I will go down to 1/wk . I love spray n grow and cant say enough about how amazing this stuff is ... mildly addictive when you see the results ! Oh and it also brough back to life 2 tomato plants I had assumed were dead . They were dried up and yellow/brown . Now ... they have buds !
 We had purchased ours from Home Shopping Network , and because it is mixed with water , very little is used in each application , and 20 ounces lasted us three years . My wife uses it on foliage plants , which are all in window boxes , which we put outside during the day . She use it without fertilizer , because she does not use it on new bulbs , but on plants which are more mature . It keeps the foliage green and healthy for the entire season for each plant . The only reason that I am reviewing this is our supply has just run out , and while searching the internet to purchase more , I came across these reviews.There was a review which said that plants died due to application of this product . I wonder if there could have been contamination of the spray bottle used to apply Spray-N-Grow ?
 I 've used this product for years with wonderful results on flowers , vegetables , houseplants and virtually anything I ever sprayed it on . I 'm writing this review , because I could n't begin to understand the negative one that I saw here . I highly recommend this product . I 've used the same bottle for 4 years now several times each growing season and I still have some left .
 these stakes really take wear and tear , i garden so they are always in useand stand up to it
 These Stakes are just what I needed for supporting my little trees that I received since they were too small to support themselves . And they were sturdy , with pointed ends so they would easily go into the ground . I would recommend this product .
 These are great wood stakes that do the job . They 're simple and attractive and blend well into a garden . I 've used them for a season with no breaks so far !
 These stakes are perfect for holding up young plants without being too large . They are sturdy enough to go into the ground easily too !
 I was happy with these stakes . They are all a uniform size and shape and appear to be good quality . I would buy again .
 By using the product Dyna-Grow Bloom 3-12-6 Plant Food on my tomato and pepper plants , has increased my harvest of these plants enormously . This item was purchased at Amazon that included a speedy delievery , Tom Jackson
 This is the only way to go when you have to rack your yard . I already wore one out .
 I first learned about Superthrive from a former neighbor who planted a tree , and in two years , it looked like the tree was at least 5 years old . He told me about Superthrive , and while I was skeptical , I bought it and used it not only on an existing apricot tree that gave me little to no apricots and on new trees and a vegetable garden . The results were simply amazing , that summer I had more vegetables and apricots that I knew what to do with them.I simply use one cap full for every 5 gallons of water and apply 4 times per year ... I also use it as a starter when I plant something new . I would highly recommend it to everyone !
 I have been using superthrive for about thirty years . I repot alot of orchids and I always use it to prevent shock and stimulate growth . It is also useful to generate new growth during the growing season for all plants . It goes a long way because it takes only 1 drop per gallon for regular watering . I use it when I feed every other week . For repotting and revival it takes 16 drops per gallon . And better yet I can get it through Amazon and save money
 This was the best price that I found anywhere on the internet . SuperThrive is simply the best additive for watering plants as it will bring back plants from near death . Love it and am glad that I found this seller !
 If you are interested in feeding your favorite plants -- try this product.My husband bought it and was extremely surprised how much better his plants look after a couple of applications.It may be expensive to some , but for those who love giving vitamins to their favorite plants this product is the oneto buy.You will not be disappointed
 SUPERthrive is awesome . I put it on everything . I use it when I transplant large or small plants . I use it on my lawn , on my citrus trees , wife 's flowers , ... everything . It 's easy to use . It 's concentrated so it lasts . First time I 've ordered it online , wo n't be my last .
 I was wondering about this stuff , all I can say is that my plants never looked so good !! great for a follar -LRB- mist you leaves when the light goes down -RRB- . Or a drop per gallon for house plants !!
 I love this product ! Works great on established plants or on rootings . Now that I 've used it , I ca n't live without it . Makes a big difference on my plants .
 I 've been using Superthrive since an orchid grower recommended it as part of a regular feeding routine . It is NOT a fertilizer , so it can be used in conjunction with plant food , It 's also very helpful for re-potting and transplants , because it stimulates root growth . I keep a small bottle by the kitchen sink because I use it so often when I water my houseplants , or work outside in the garden.A little goes a very long way , so it is also economical to use.What 's not to like ?
 Superthrive makes the difference between good plants and just alive plants . It also makes a difference between whether your plants blooms or not -LRB- including violets -RRB- . I do n't just water my house plants , I feed them so they look thier best in my home year round .
 They were great for our day in the sun . We attached the umbrellas to our beach chairs .
 I used this umbrella all last summer . It worked great !! It stayed attacthed to my chair really well . Will be buying a second one for this summer !!
 The clip on umbrella was used twice so far . I bought two and they worked very well for what it was intended for . However , the base did bend a little during a heavy wind gust while hanging out at the beach but remained clipped to the beach chair . My wife and daughter used it at the Jazz festival and the shade provided was great .
 Works easily and fits the bill . Clipped on to my umbrella and hung our towels to dry in between swims and a few other light items . Very convenient .
 Superthrive is the one garden essential that keeps my plants alive and well here in the HOT southwest summers . I highly recommend it to anyone .
 I have been using this for years . While it wo n't revive dead plants I have used it to bring dying plants back to life -LRB- such as plants that have wilted due to lack of water -RRB- . I call it vitamins for plants because it does not provide nutrients it just helps the plants to effectively use the soil and water available to them . Plants that are growing well seem to shine after a dose of this .
 My original Superthrive gallon arrived damaged and leaking , but with one phone call to Landscaper I had a new gallon within days . David was helpful and prompt with the return and followed up to be sure shipping details were correct . Superthrive is an unbelievably effective plant food that yields dazzling results and I was happy to receive the replacement so fast . I highly recommend Landscaper in ordering this product .
 Not only is the product wonderful and great so is the shipper , It was sent as soon as possible and no problems . I would recommend them to everyone !!!!!!! Fifteen stars as opposed to 5 !
 I have been using Super Thrive for over 30 years and it supports everything in my garden from herbs and vegetables to roses and orchids . It is really important when transplanting and prevents shock to the plant because it is essentially Vitamin B1 . I know my living things thrive with Super Thrive and I will continue to use it .
 This stuff works great , in fact the word amazing comes to mind . this is the third gallon I 've bought so far this year but I 've got hybred willows that were twigs 18 months ago that are over 16 feet tall -LRB- maybe 6 out of 200 -RRB- but even the little ones are 8 to 10 feet tall . they are one of the fastest growing trees but with superthrive you can almost see them grow it 's amazing !!!
 We live in San Felipe , Baja Mexico . We have a lot of plants around our home and use this product consistently . It does everything it says it will do . There is a plant nursery here in town and they are the ones that told us about it . They use it annd it keeps all their plants beautiful and healthy .
 We been using Superthrive for almost 20 years , its was very hard to find , until we saw it on amazon , It was fast and easy and very cheap !!!!!! We will be using amazon again thank you Rosemary & John
 This stuff is terrific ! I use it exclusively as a fertilizer , growth stimulant & flower stimulant ... it also works to preserve cut flowers . It is the best fertilizer/growth stimulant that I have ever tried . And it uses natural vitamins & hormones , so it is good for organic gardening -RRB- . Also it does n't burn like most other fertilizers do ... although it is best to add water when you use it .
 I had bought a lawn chaise and found that the rachets for positioning were so poorly constructed , I was afraid to use . I bit the bullet and went ahead and bought this recliner , looking for a stable product with good construction . I found it . The chaise is easy to use , right out of the box , with no assembly . However , you can not lie totally flat on this . Rather , you recline with legs still bent . This is okay , since I have other recliners that go flat , but something that I would not have guessed looking at the picture .
 great price for this belt everyone else wanted twice as much for this belt.works great .
 Bought 2 of these belts , Could not find a belt which fit at the local hardware and lawn mower shops . sick of shoveling snow so made up my mind to get my snow blower working again.excellent price , perfect fit.havent had enough snow to start it up again.I 'm absolutely sure it works fine ... let it snow !!!!!!
 I come very fast and works perfectly well . This produc come home in 5 days , I did not expect it come so fast
 one misreable winter and our neighbors insist on keeping large landscape rocks between our properties , so when it snows and we have to use our snowblower we always break a belt , trying to clean up between the properties.Thank God you had stock and we recived our 1 day shy of the next storm
 I was extremely impressed with the speed of service and the quality of the product . I had never purchased an item like this through the internet before . Like most people , I usually had to trudge down to the snow blower shop and face highway robber behind the cash register who sold the belt . After relieving me of a good portion of my bank account , I would be told to wait as long a 3 weeks while he ordered it from somewhere in Lower Slobovia or where ever ??? God would n't it be nice if someone made these things right her in the good old US of A ??? Anyway , I might be lucky if the bandit at the snow blower shop called me sometime around 4 weeks later after I had had my sixth heart attack , my third hernia and my forth slipped disk !! All for a silly little belt that took me all of 15 minutes to install . And most of that was spent trying to find the socket set my wife had hidden in her sewing basket . -LRB- GOD ! I ' ll never understand the female mind !!! -RRB- I do n't know who these guys are that I ordered the belt from , but somebody better tell them they are not supposed to treat their customers like that ! I placed the order with them on Tuesday and the belt arrived a week later ! -LRB- the very next Tuesday -RRB- You could have knocked me over with a snow ball!I am very very very happy with both the service and the belt . Tell these guys they have made a customer for life!Once again ! These people are fantastic . If they service ALL their customers like that , you really need to buy from these guys !!!! Gary D. Vant
 I had the part # so this was easy to find for my Craftsman blower . I do n't think I could have found the correct one otherwise . Most fitment guides list the part as 754-0430B or 954-0430B which is a two-pack for blowers with two belts . This one is correct for blowers with one auger belt . As for the thing itself , it is an OEM part , it goes round and round as well as I expected - no complaints . Watch out for aftermarket belts - they are often the wrong size no matter what the parts book says . This was just like the old one . Yay - something was right for a change !
 I use it all the time on my outdoor kitchen side-burner . I just love cooking on a wok outdoors during the nice summer months , and even during the winter -LRB- on good weather days -RRB- . I have a few woks , but really like to use the cast iron wok on this setup , as I do not manipulate the wok itself . Rather , I manipulate the food to stir up onto the sides of the wok to rest and then plunge the food down onto the the hot bottom when appropriate . This grate holds the wok firmly in place to cook as I described above
 I bought this generator to power lights and small appliances at my cabin , and for these jobs it works like a champ . I power about 7 lights , coffee maker , and a microwave -LRB- not all at the same time -RRB- . It 's reasonably quiet , starts within a few pulls , and is reliable . I also own the Honda EU2000is and there are quality differences you 'll notice . You will save about $ 300 over the price of the Honda EU2000is , but I would spend the extra $ $ $ if you can afford it . But , if $ $ $ is important you wo n't be dissappointed with the Kipor
 I recently purchased this unit to power my side by side refrigerator/freezer a few lights , 50 '' plama and my satellite receiver in the event of a power outage . I currently have natural gas ventfree logs for heat and gas water heater so all I needed was TV , food and light - not necessarily in order of importance.First , my refrigerator is a GE energy star pulling about 500 watts , my plasma pulls 550 watts along with several lights and it had no problem at all . I did some testing to see how it would handle my 1875 watt hair dryer which it did with ease . Then I added to the hair dryer one 500 watt shop light-no problem . Finally I added another 500 watt flood and still no problem need less to say I was very impressed.I had studied carefully the following brands including Honda , Yamaha , Subaru and many others before finally settling on the Kipor . Kipor is relatively knew to the market and I had my own reservatons about the name . When comparing apples to apples and oranges to oranges , Kipor has the quality look and feel just like the Honda EU2000 . It also is very quiet just like the Honda . If only I new it would last like the Honda . However , the Kipor comes with a 2 year warranty and with the $ 350 I saved I was willing to take a chance .
 I own a Honda generator -LRB- not pure power -RRB- and the new and improved ig2000 sinewave -LRB- pure power -RRB- generator ... if you use any electronics at all , you will want to use something that is `` pure '' for fear that it may ruin that piece of equipment you cherish . The Kipor is a bit quieter than the Honda ... the run time looks to be a bit longer than the Honda , the unit weight is lighter . The price is about 300.00 dollars less , but you get a lot for your money ... two year warranty . It 's a keeper .
 I just tried this little guy out . I hooked it up to my 5th wheel and it ran everthing except air as expected . It ran my circular saw and powered a 1500 watt heater runinng a noisy full throttle . In short , it ran every thing I had hoped it would , one at a time . Saved $ $ $ , but not a Honda . A little louder than a honda , and must discover durability . So faar well pleased with purchase .
 I have had this generator for about 3 months . I previously had an older Powermate Pulse 1750 . The Kipor is better designed , lighter , runs longer on a tank , and is more powerful than the Powermate . The Powermate starts on the first 2-3 pulls . The Kipor , as previously reported sometimes takes many more , but always starts.Recently I was camping at 10,000 feet , and the Kipor started everytime , but took sometimes 20 pulls . A fellow at the next campsite had a Honda 2000 , and also took many pulls to get his started . The noise of the Kipor and the Honda seemed to be about the same , but hard to judge subjectively . Once started I had no issues , even at this high altitude.I can run a small efficient A/C unit on my camper , which is why I bought it . My old A/C was 6000BTU and was rated about 7 amps running . The Kipor would barely start it . I replaced the A/C with a newer unit of 5500BTU and 4.5 amps running , and the Kipor would easily start the new A/C even when running in economy mode.Overall , I happy with the Kipor .
 Almost Identical to the Honda 2000 . Runs very well . Starts very easy . Runs about 5 + hours on a tank of gas
 I have two of these units -- I keep one in my motorhome so I can keep the batteries charged without having to start the large unit . Both of them start on the first or second pull and appear to be as quiet as the Honda units . They feel and look like quality units . I see more and more of these units while camping and have heard only great comments !
 works well , starts easy , change oil often if you want it to last , , if you run a/c it will power a small unit ok with smart power off , but you would be better off with the 3000
 The best use of this is with rocks on top of it . You get double the protection and it does n't have to be tacked down . Mice ca n't live under it -LRB- as in the previous review -RRB- . Rabbits and squirrels wo n't dig up your plants . This combo is the only thing that stops pesky digging and also stops weeds .
 My husband and I gave this as a gift for Christmas to my mother-in-law who has everything , and she loved it . The ball inside it is beautiful ! It 's sturdy and easy to assemble .
 I bought this pump last year to replace the one that failed on my 8hp Generiac pressure washer . This pump is not ceramic like the original , but has already lasted longer than the original unit . It bolted on just fine , I had to get an adapter for one of the fittings , but no big deal . This unit has been a good replacement for a power washer that is used by the neighborhood for washing their house before painting . I do n't know if it would hold up for professional , but for us it has been fine . 3 houses done , and it is still working . To powerfull for washing cars though , it took the paint right off my montero bumper , and the labels off my fiberglass ladders .
 Be careful with what you are getting yourself into , make sure the harness has the right bolt pattern , and the stem size is correct . They might of been a cheaper option , but this one pushes water good , and is far better than the stock one on my Monsoon w / a 5hp honda engine . Good luck , if this is the one you need , it works , small and shiny easy to hook up .
 About 30 years ago in our first home we applied Milky Spore powder to our small lawn and never had a problem with grubs or Japanese Beetles -LRB- we still had to watch out for adults that migrated into our garden , solved primarily by a little hand picking and dropping into a pail of soapy water , pretty easy since the beetles ' first reaction when disturbed is to drop -- straight into the pail ! -RRB- . When we moved to a home with a much much larger lawn space , we chose to use the granulated , spreadable product as it was easier to apply . We are into third season of application , and so far similar results
 This is a terrific product . My yard has become a grub nursery over the years and I can already tell a difference since I have applied the milky spore mix.PROS
 I am so happy to report that this works . Maybe not right before your eyes but after a few days you definitly see a reduction in Grub Worms . I have my own vegetable garden in my back yard about aprox 4000sq ft that I dedicated to this but when I first started these worms would devour my plants every time i put them down . Greedy badminded little bastards they are too because we have grass and they dont bother the grass but suck my veges dry.So I must say thank god for milky spore.In addition just to let you know that if you buy this make sure that you water it nicely into the soil every day or it seems the bacteria dont get far enough to kill the worms . You have to make sure you water it in everyday for atleast a week . I usually apply just a little more after my intitial application just to make sure that its in there . Once you see the worms turning black and becoming limp that means that it is working.My suggestion is leave the worms in there -LRB- the soil -RRB- to die as the bag states that as they die the dead worms release more milky spore into the soil which is definitely a good thing . Give it a chance to work you wont regret it .
 I bought this stuff before and it works well !!! However , I forgot to put it down this past spring and my neighbor decided to use it too.So of course , ALL the grubs from HIS yard came over to MY yard . The bag states that once put down for 2 years and 2 seasons , it would last for 10 years . This is NOT true , which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . When you first the milky spore down , within 2 weeks , I saw dead grubs all over the place AND it is SAFE for Pets too !!!!
 I decided to try the St. Gabriel 80080-2 Milky Spore Grub Mix for an infestation of grubs that attacked my lawn and plants . The product performs as promised but noticed in reading the information that you need to apply 2-3 times the first two years and once this barrier is in place , you will be grub free for 7 + years . This is not a one time only treatment so be aware of this . It is kind of expensive but not as expensive as replacing plants and lawn from damage caused by grubs . I would recommend this product to others .
 I believe the product is working , however , it seems too early to tell as it can take awhile to work . I have heard that if you put it down spring and fall for two years it lasts for 10 so that is our plan.The product description fails to mention that this stuff is really potent and you practically need a hazard suit to apply which I was n't expecting since it is all natural . The places it did get on the skin were red for a day or two . Also we only have a broadcast spreader so the directions on the bag were not helpful in knowing what setting to use .
 This page says use once per season , but the bag says use three times per year for two years in a row . Which is correct ?
 My neighbors are wondering how I have green grass when theirs are brown . I have recommended this product to everyone .
 We bought three bags of Milky Spore . After applying it heavily over our yards , we were somewhat unhappy the next day . The grubs were all over our driveway . We thought it did n't work . . the next day , they were dying off , and found several in a large pile , dead . This stull really works ! If your wife hates grubs as much as mine , you owe it to yourself to get this stuff ! . Al Hogue Talking Rock , GA
 Great for hanging pots anywhere . You will need to supply fasteners and anchors . We love them !!!!! Galvanized Steel Chelsea Flower Pot Hangers -LRB- 12 -RRB-
 These are great little pot holders . I do n't have a lot of space on my porch , so these worked great to keep the pots off the ground and are very decorative .
 This is a well built shovel that will last years and years . The price is unbelievable.Why spend $ 40 - $ 60 for something of equal quality ??? Get one you wo n't be sorry .
 Once I started shoveling , I literally could not stop . The long handle allows for a multitude of grips to prevent fatigue .
 I needed a classical-looking column for the garden and this has suited my needs quite well . We 'll see how it stands up over time but it 's a nice addition to the garden .
 The original item ordered came broken . The sender graciously re-sent the item in a timely fashion . I consider the sender to be a top flight businessman , whom I would happily do business with in the future . He was 5 star all the way .
 I ordered a replacement blade and springs for my Felco # 2 pruner . The product is great , they have good prices and it arrived in two days ... but ... My order arrived in a plain 6 `` x9 '' manila envelope -LRB- slightly torn -RRB- , no padding , with $ 1.32 in postage stamps -LRB- 3 x 44 cents -RRB- and 24 cents postage due ! And how much was I charged for shipping and handling ? $ 12.48 ! ADDED NOTE
 Excellent product and good price for such quality blades ! Buying a quality pruner and then just having to replace the blades every 5 yrs is such a good investment !
 Great set of hand pruners . Good feel in the hand . With the 8 '' lenght they cut easily through three quarter inch hardwood limbs , leaving a clean cut . I 've been gardening for over 40 years and have used a lot of pruners and these are the best yet .
 At first , it is quite a mystery how this meter works and reads . The instructions are well-hidden inside the cardboard packaging , and easy to miss , or even toss . Unfortunately , the company 's website has only half the instructions available in PDF . If you find the complete version on the web , they are still hard to read.Here is a quick summary that will allow you to use the meter :1 . The sensors are on the top , not the front , so make sure the top is pointed at the light source .2 . There are two bands on the meter
 One thing I should say right away to the people who think it does n't work - this light meter is specifically meant for measuring light From light bulbs commonly used for INDOOR gardening , not being simply pointed at the sun . This thing got here sooner than the delivery estimate , and works excellently for very specific light measurements that actually are within 2 % which is great for the price.If you need a nice cheap light meter , this one is easy to use and well worth it.The main reason people get confused is that you need a besic understanding of the different ways that light gets measured and how relevant it is for your indoor plants . Also the variety or strain of plant you 're growing require varying amounts of light to properly photo synthesize.Hopefully my review is helpful to those on the fence about buying it . Mine works just fine , but Ive also been gardening for 13 years , so I did n't need the instructions . And the instructions I 've seen in the reviews for this product just are n't right .
 The meter is easy to use and simple . I just got into orchids and this tells me how much light I have in the rooms of my orchids .
 I purchased this for my wife , an avid green house gardener . She loves it . I recommend it for simple , accurate metering . Thanks
 I agree with the other reviewers that how this meter works and reads seems quite a mystery at first . The instructions are well-hidden inside the cardboard packaging , and easy to miss , or even toss . Unfortunately , the company 's website has only half the instructions available in PDF . -LSB- ... -RSB- If you do n't want to read all that , here is a quick summary :1 . The sensors are on the top , not the front , so make sure the top is pointed at the light source .2 . There are two bands on the meter
 I went through two other cushions made from different companies prior to ordering this one . The first two did n't hold up after a while in the rain . They got soggy and misshaped . In Georgia sun and pollen can be very destructive . Both my prior cushions were damaged in pretty short order by both of these climate factors . Neither of my prior cushions came out well after washing -LRB- a point I was sold on -RRB- . They were however more plush and comfy.The rain bounces off this cushion . It is very sturdy and durable . The black color is a true deep black as shown and surprizingly compared to my earlier tan/cream seems to be holding up to our Georgia sun past the time the other two had already started to show signs of fade when flipped . The material stays cleaner and wipes off easy with a damp cloth , so I have n't needed to wash it . It is not the sinking into heaven cushion , however it is comfortable , and holding up much better than the two much more expensive cushions I had previously owned .
 Good by !! I had a difficult time finding this size , and was very please with this purchase ... Customer Service was excellent ... . shipped in 2 days !!
 I love this tool ! I 've been using this pick to remove some very deeply-rooted established plants and I 'm sure I saved myself a lot of time and effort . I have small hands and it fits perfectly . It has now become my perfect answer to weekly weeding .
 Product arrived on time , in good shape , and was as advertised . Beefy product which should last for many years.No problems with the manufacturer . Took some time , but I finally found what I was looking for here on Amazon .
 Perfect size for those small , tough jobs . Got this to compliment a large pick axe used to dig holes , turn over hard dirt . This much smaller one allows an efficient , more precise use in small area for those tough jobs ... like getting to the roots of wild berry vines located hiding amongst ground cover you do n't want to harm . Very happy with my purchase .
 Very nice tool . I use it to break up the soil and chop up any roots in the garden and it does a great job of it . It 's about the size of a large hammer or a chopping axe and is great for precise swings where you have to be careful to not hit or cut certain things like garden lighting .
 I love my mini pick . This is a tool that does n't take no for an answer.It is an extremely versatile garden tool
 Great little pick , seems to be holding up well as I dig holes in the desert . I have never been a fan of sliding heads , so I drilled , counter sunk , and screwed the head to the handle . Now we get along great . I bought this to use with the metal detector , but I wish I had had it last year when I put in a sprinkler system . I 'll find many uses for this puppy .
 Just some of the names this little titan got on my last two archaeological digs . I bought this over a year and a half ago and I at first had no memory where . Now Amazon tells me it was on this site . Mine has a green handle cover and lacks the Groundbreakers logo -LRB- older model I guess -RRB- . I left it behind last year , but this time I brought it . Damn , did I miss out last year , because this season the Monster Patiche was king.When this fellow goes to work , it 's like using something only slightly smaller than a pickaxe . The soils of Israel were no match for this pick as it tore through . This pick is only slightly heavier than your average Toper minipick -LRB- a small blue piece of garbage masquerading as a minipick -RRB- and is only slightly less effective than your average pickaxe . This makes it ideal for quick work without tiring out the whole body . When I needed to remove a hump in a digsquare and could n't be bothered to waste time with a pick , I just took this little guy and got the job done.The crafting of this thing is excellent -LRB- forged steel with a tough and sturdy handle -RRB- , and so it retains an edge and I never feel like I have to be gentle with care . It 's light and the two best parts - it is insanely cheap -LRB- you 'd think there must be something wrong at the price Amazon 's giving , but I tested this puppy thoroughly -RRB- and its made in the US -LRB- patriotic purchase -RRB- . I highly recommend this two anyone else who loves playing in the dirt , whethter they be archaeologists or otherwise .
 This little devil is a champion !!! Best weeding tool I have ever owned !!! Really gets to the `` roots of the problem '' !! Much easier to use than a long handled tool because you can put a lot more oomph behind it when you are at ground level . It digs , it weeds and it edges . Great tool !
 Very solid . Hefty and well made with a wooden handle . A useful tool when a full size pick axe is a little too big or will not work in a tight space .
 Great gardening tool , and one I ca n't be without . I love the foam rubber covering on the handle - makes it more comfortable to use . The pick on one end is handy for digging out weeds , and the wider flat end is great for digging holes for planting & generally loosening up the soil . This is my number one gardening tool . It seems very sturdy & well made .
 Spring is not here yet . Have not had a chance to use this product yet . I looks like it will work for me .
 I bot this product as a present for my wife the gardener to use in digging holes to place new plants in . the soil around my house contains coral rock ant the pick will beused to break up the holes . the other end of the product is a chisel pick - used for cutting roots and digging a hole in which to plant . this product is rather heavy - it feels like a 2 pound hammer . While the weight may be a good thig , my wife will be using it and she may find it too haevy .
 This hose appears to be very well made , despite the fact that it was one of the lower priced self-coiling hoses on Amazon . The fittings are solid brass , and although the hose itself feels extremely soft and pliable , it seems to be more than up to the job ... . so far . We have had it in service for a only a couple of months , but it is performing just fine .
 I like the fact that this is not bulky and heavy . It does not leak at all and works well . Does not tangle and is flexible . No complaints ...
 My girlfriend uses this hose for light watering on the plants she has out on the patio . There are no leaks , even when the hose is fully pressurized . The blue color looks really cool too ! We been using it for 2 months now and it works great ! Nothing wrong with it at all .
 i got this self coiling hose because my older one was too short , it is holding very nicely and coils back when i am finished using it , it is a great time saver and holds pressure well .
 This product was offered at a great price . The coiled nature means it will sometimes spew water once the spicket is turned on . Make sure you have the end in hand or a nozzle in place otherwise the force of the water will stream through the coils so quickly it 's likely to spray you in the face ! Other than that minor issue -LRB- which is really an end-user issue , not a product issue -RRB- - this is a great value
 I have been using this hose for over a month and find it works very well . I do get enough pressure on the hose and I love the way it coils back when I 'm done watering .
 A very nice garden hose , perfect for watering my front yard and the blue color is just so pretty !!! I bought the blue so in case I forget to put it up , the guy who mows my lawn will see it and move it out of the way before mowing . I think it 's easy to miss a green hose and mow right over it , but blue will show up against the green grass . I believe you 'll love this garden hose .
 I have used these mini tillers for years in my garden . I have found that working with moist heavy red clay soil the soil will stick to the typical garden hoe or shovel . That will wear you out fast . Anyone who has worked with clay soil knows what I mean . Each time you dig in the soil , the clay soil sticks to your tools . So every time you lift your garden tool , you are picking up a heavy amount of clay soil attached to the hoe or shovel that will not come off unless you scrape it off . Then I discovered these mini tillers . Less clay soil sticks to them , so I can work longer . I suppose less soil sticks to them because of the smaller surface area compared to a shovel or hoe . For whatever reason , I find these tillers easier to work with . Plus , I can work the soil more precisely when working among existing plantings I want to keep . I have also used them for trenching for drain pipe or irrigation lines . So , after working in clay soil with lots of rocks for 30 years , I can vouch for these as a necessary tool for me . I have never worn one out . I lost my last one in the bushes somewhere , so I needed to replace it . I bought the plain Mini Tiller and this Mini tiller with the foam handle to compare them to each other . They are both excellent . My wife loves this tiller with the foam handle . It feels more secure because of the grip on the handle . I have to admit it also feels more comfortable to hold and work with for long periods . The tiller without the foam handle can feel a little slippery sometimes especially when it is wet unless you firmly grasp it . But , the tiller without the foam handle is a little easier to clean because the entire handle is bare wood and the sticky clay soil washes off . It also washes off this tiller with the foam handle but it can stain the handle a little . So , if you are particular about your tools looking pristine , that may be a problem . However , the soil washes out of the foam handle and the foam remains soft and comfortable to hold . Because it is more comfortable to hold , I consider this tiller the `` top of the line '' luxury model . I highly recommend it .
 This is the first tool like this that I 've purchased . I planted a large shrub today with the help of this tool . I had to make a 3 foot diameter hole . I used this to dig and to claw through limestone rocks below my Texas soil . It really helped to make my job easier I rounded out the sides of the hole with it . As I got deeper I did notice that one of the tines bent slightly . I was digging in soil with a lot of rocks in it.I 'd buy another one just like this if I lost this . The price is right also .
 When a full size hoe or tiller is too big , this hand tool is just the ticket . Bought it to replace another similiar tool . Great in flower beds , gardens . Enough weight to `` dig in '' but not so bulky as to be cumbersome . Very well made , comfortable grip .
 The thing about these tillers is that they do things you might not think about . For instance , they 're great for dealing with long-rooted weeds . You can hack your way down to the root , then pull up the plant and not leave a huge hole in the ground .
 This Tiller is an excellent product . It has been very usefulin my garden whether digging up weeds or digging a small trenchfor a sprinkler line .
 I went through two other cushions made from different companies prior to ordering this one . The first two did n't hold up after a while in the rain . They got soggy and misshaped . In Georgia sun and pollen can be very destructive . Both my prior cushions were damaged in pretty short order by both of these climate factors . Neither of my prior cushions came out well after washing -LRB- a point I was sold on -RRB- . They were however more plush and comfy.The rain bounces off this cushion . It is very sturdy and durable . The black color is a true deep black as shown and surprizingly compared to my earlier tan/cream seems to be holding up to our Georgia sun past the time the other two had already started to show signs of fade when flipped . The material stays cleaner and wipes off easy with a damp cloth , so I have n't needed to wash it . It is not the sinking into heaven cushion , however it is comfortable , and holding up much better than the two much more expensive cushions I had previously owned .
 Good by !! I had a difficult time finding this size , and was very please with this purchase ... Customer Service was excellent ... . shipped in 2 days !!
 Absolutely the fastest , most efficient way to weed . There is NOTHING like this weeder but it is so darn hard to fine !!! I like close encounters so I prefer the short handled version but either works like magic . I bought my first Winged Weeder in 1985 and I have never loved any other garden or household tool as much as I do my Winged Weeder . NOTE
 I bought the weeder because I had one since the year 2000 . One of the wings broke off this spring and it was starting to get worn down from all the use . Since the store I purchased it at had gone bankrupt and closed , I looked on the net for it . It is alot easier to use than a regular garden hoe . Since I sit on the ground when I weed the flower beds and garden , it is easier for me to control around the plants . I can also loosen the soil around the plants with out accidentally digging them out like I did with a regular hoe . The weeder is just the right length to do this . If I tried to use a long handled weeder while sitting on the ground , it would be harder to control . The weeder made to last . I had my first one for 9 years . I believe my first one would not have broken , except I think I got it caught on a tree root and when I pulled back on it , it broke the one wing off . The metal used for it solid and is able to cut through the hardest ground . I used to use garden hoes in previous years , but since finding this weeder , I only use it to weed with . It is well worth the money that it costs . I am considering buying several other ones for my sisters . It is a very good product .
 If you want to save time and make weeding easier , this tool is for you . It grabs grassy weeds like crabgrass by the base and pulls them out easily . Great for small weeds too . The tool is flexible and allows you to work around and between flowers . Make weeding easier . Get one today . A great gift also .
 I borrowed this winged weeder from a friend last summer - it takes so much work out of weeding the flower beds - does a beautiful job - and does n't break your back ! I ordered my own !!! P.G.
 I had a short handled winged weeder for about 20 years . It was -LRB- & is -RRB- the first tool I would grab when gardening . When mine finally wore out , I could not find a replacement . I thought I was going to have to give up gardening . Then I received an email from a gardening company and there in their catalog was the winged weeder . The winged weeder not only weeds , but easily works the dirt and cuts small roots . It is EASY on my hands which is even more important now that I have developed severe arthritis in both hands . With the winged weeder , I can continue doing what I love best working in and weeding my flower gardens.Creative Enterprises WW300 Winged Weeder Jr. . Short Handle
 I have all three winged weeders . Of all of them , this one is my favorite . It 's good to get between plants and does a nice job . I wish I was as taken with the other two as I do n't have to crawl to use them . : -RRB-
 ... for just about the best weeding tool I 've ever used . Bought a few to share with neighbors and they love it too !
 The best way to clean up any area in the garden . I have purchased 7 of these !! Light weight and effective . Everybody keeps wanting them -LRB- thats why I had to buy another one ! -RRB-
 Excellent hand tool for gardening great for weeding , gets in around all the stem and cuts out the weeds nicely , Made in USA also is huge for me .
 The CobraCo Queen Elizabeth Bronze Hanging Basket looks wonderful with the fern I planted in it . It is a good weight and shows off the plant very well . Extra long chain makes it versatile and able to hang at higher lengths . Much prettier than the simple garden hanging basket and adds beauty to your plants .
 Love this ! It took me forever to find a simple , vintage-looking , hanging planter . Coconut skin is nice and thick , great midcentury aesthetic , and effectively holds about 15 pounds of plant and soil from a ceiling hook in my apartment .
 Seems to be a good quality item , which fits bench perfectly . I also bought the matching chaise cushion which is very comfortable .
 I had a Bolens that cost 200.00 & lasted ; one season , no fault of my own.MTD -LRB- Bolens -RRB- explained various reasons , but read the reviews -LRB- Lowes -RRB- and you will find 271 reviews citing the same stuttering pull cord starter and/or inoperable next season -LRB- new carb kit is the 45.00 fix -RRB- but hard to pull -LRB- recoils -RRB- anyway.Got an electric Toro , like a blender in a sandbox!Cord is a nusance.Took it back the next day . Finally decided to pony up my ante & choose between the Stihl Yard Boss & Mantis ; , plain old 2cyle tiller/cultivator . I chose the Mantis because my mother - in - law had one 30 years ago & I ; thought it worked fine , but too expensive.Turns out the Mantis can convert to a hedge trimmer!And all the stuff the Stihl can convert to for about 100.00 less . -LRB- I owm a Stihl weedeater & chain saw and they are great , probably the best -LRB- all the previous , albeit cheaper tools are in-op or a back-up -RRB- But the Mantis is everything.I live on a farm , put in raised beds , tried it out in the wetlands -LRB- after weedwacking the ground to the bone -RRB- it worked great ! Next & final test was to till hard ground that was barren weeds , to put in ground cover landscaping . THIS MANTIS TORE UP THE CLAY AND WEEDS LIKE IT WAS A REAR TILLER MACHINE -RRB- Tines have a LIFETIME guarantee & the ; Mantis itself has a great warranty.It is so easy to pull start , tines convert from tiller to cultivator by reversing them , so you can go 3 inches or 8 inches deep in a minute ! -LRB- pull the carter pin -RRB- I am one happy gardener & landscaper.There ; really is nothing to compare for 300.00 !
 It works just as its advertised . Watch the dvd , read the manual , and ur set to go . Myne starts right up and runs great . It will not till in muddy areas as it bogs down , however no tiller will well . Flip the tines one way for 2 inch top fitting or the other way for deeper stuff . Does cost more than similar sized tillers but so far i have no complaints . It is just as fast as large tillers in small gardens or large . And you ca n't beat it for tilling between rows . It is light enough that anyone can use it . works well for fitting landscaping ground also .
 I like the mantis overall ; it 's lightweight ; pretty powerful , starts easily but the on/off switch is too close to the accelerator handle so if the mantis jumps -LRB- and it will -RRB- it can cause your hand to hit the cut off and shut the thing down . I understand why they put it there because of an emergency situation but man , when I first got it I was accidentally cutting it off like 5 times during while tilling my 30 x 30 raised bed !!!!
 I have a Mantis tiller that is over 10 years old . I simply love it . It really tears up the dirt . My Garden spot is 2 acres in size and the Mantis tiller really helps out . It is not meant for breaking new ground , as it does not have the tilling width or horsepower that a larger tiller has . However , for making seed beds after ground has been broken up or keeping weeds out of a row , it is great . The tines are shaped such that it really breaks up the dirt into fine particles . I have not had to do any major work to the unit and it runs great . Like any other 2 cycle engine , if you leave mixed gas in it all winter , the carb will be all varnished up and you will have to have it cleaned up . It is so much lighter than the 8hp Troybilt that I used to run that I prefer the mantis whenever I have a tilling job to do . My 13 year old runs it fine . I love my Mantis Tiller .
 After several weeks of research I finally decided to order this tiller . I received it today and I could not be more pleased . The tiller is very simple to assemble , thankfully it was because the directions were mostly text and not many pictures . What 's wrong with those people ? They have to know that men do n't read directions!Assembled it in less than 15 minutes . Added gas and followed typical 2 stroke starting procedures . The 2 stroke Mantis is an Echo motor , if you know anything about starting an Echo , you will know that most of the time they will not start while choked . You choke it until it sounds like it wants to start , then you take the choke off , give it a little gas and it will fire right up . If you flood it , take off the choke , hold the throttle wide open and pull the cord.So many people complain about the way it runs , starts , etc. ... either they do n't understand 2 stroke motors or they do n't understand that Echo motors are a little different . Other than that , they must be the same people that are the reason ladders are covered in stickers , to protect people from themselves.The tiller really tears up good quality soil , it gets a little bouncy on hard soil due to how light it is , but again it 's NOT what this tiller was designed for . You ca n't have a tiller that weighs 20 pounds and expect it to dig in without bouncing . If you need to prep new , hard , plant covered soil , rent a large tiller for the first prep . Garden soil is a breeze , it pulverizes and digs in great . Plenty of power for the little motor . Moves easy between the rows and plants . VERY agile tool , working between plants , narrow rows , etc. . Wear a pair of gloves for two reasons , vibration and when it bounces the handles are hard plastic and may be a little rough on your hands . A simple garden rake after tilling will leave your garden looking perfect!Compared to the ratings of the other tillers , you can not beat this tiller , most of the other tillers , Sears , Troy Bilt , Yard Machine , Bolens are all the same design and all likely made by MTD.The Mantis comes with a 5 year warranty , likely due to that being the normal Echo warranty and from my history with their weedeater and backback blower , thankfully it was not necessary , both still run STRONG.Don ' t waste time trying to save $ 50 or even $ 100 on a tiller , get the right one the first time and you wo n't be disappointed.ENJOY !!!!
 This Mantis is fabulous ! Great buy ! Easy start ! It is a tough machine even in bermuda grass ! It will last !
 I have been gardening for over 40 years . I enjoy working in the garden living in the south summer gardening get hot in a hurry . Cultivating and weeding has always been two jobs I never look forward doing on hot humid evening . I have always thought about purchasing a Mantis and brought one this last April . I have alway been a jack of all trades putting the Mantis was easy and simple . Started up first time could not get over how well the Mantis lay out rows and till up the graden . I should had gotten one these years ago . The Mantis 2 - cycle makes cultivating and weeding a snap in short order time . I have not had any problems with the tiller and if it operated according to start up and shut down operation should last for years to come . Looking forward to more cultivating and weeding with my Mantis Tiller .
 I 've read reviews that this little machine is not for clay soil , and I 'm here to tell you that it can be done . I live just outside of St. Louis , where the black awesome soil of Illinois starts to transition into the thick , mucky , clay of Missouri . When our dirt dries , it turns to rock . I used my tiller a couple of days after the last rain . Just wet enough to work , but dry enough to till . Really , all it takes it patience . As long as you keep it moving and do n't let it mire down , you 're golden . It bounced a little on some particularly tough clay , but I turned and hit it from different angles , and it busted through just fine . This little tiller milled that clay dirt so fine , my veggies are going to love it !! My only tip really would be to make sure you stop frequently to check that the tines are n't getting full of clay . I had some longer grass in the way that got wrapped up a bit , but it was no problem to slide the tines off and pick out the weeds . I DO recommend either getting the weed remover tool or coming up with one of your own . It put a kink in my tilling day when I sliced my thumb on the tines while trying to clean them . However , I 'm just glad those blades are sharp!I knew I was taking a risk buying this tiller for use with my clay soil , but it has absolutely been worth it . It 's light , easy to use , and does n't make me feel like my arms are going to fall off like those big , beasty tillers do . This has been my favorite purchase this year . Happy Mother 's Day to me !!
 This is my second Mantis . The first was used hard and lasted probably 15 years . I broke a tilling blade and they made good on their lifetime guarantee.I use raised beds now , and it is perfect for tilling and cultivating them.You can find small tillers for less , but I believe the difference is worth it .
 I have had the opportunity to use this product several times with great results . You should use gloves when using this product for it is very light and bounces around . It works best in previously tilled soil but also works well in virgin ground . Overall I would give this product a five star rating.Duane Neale
 I am loving the lighter weight and ease of use . Our big tiller is so hard to manuver and makes such a large path , that this makes working between rows so nice and easy . Seems to run great and has been easy to start .
 Works good for small garden @ half the price of a full size . Stars easy and light to carry . Once you get hard ground worked up this unit will keep it soft . Good control so you can get up close to plants .
 Really impressed with the power of this roto-tiller . My arms were so sore from holding the machine back once I got started tilling . I tilled dirt that was hardened for the last couple of years -LRB- I live in the desert -RRB- and could n't believe that the end result was nice , fine dirt for planting grass seed.The power is unbelievable ; easy start-up ; easy assembly . Do n't know why I did n't buy one of these alot sooner .
 This little guy gets the job done . Understand its does n't have the weight to till new gardens `` So yes it sucks breaking new ground '' . For existing gardens that have been worked season after season this little guy does n't play . I have a 40x40 vegetable garden that this little guy allows me to till small sections as I switch from season to season . Does exactly what I want it too and more .
 Every one can use it.it is light weight . Easy to use and handle.When battery gets low you are ready foe a break anyway
 Great product !!! I had been eyeing it for months and finally , based on reviews , purchased it . Delivery was fast and I was up and running in no time . The Mantis is lightweight and easy to maneuver . No holding on for dear life as the machine bumps all over the place . This was easy ! I literally tilled my backyard garden in 45 minutes , and I live in South Carolina , known for the red clay . Now , would I use it on a parcel of land compacted for years and hard as a rock , probably not . But for areas tilled in the past , such as a yearly garden , it rules !
 It was just what my husband wanted . It was easy to assemble and runs great . It is supposed to be the top of the line .
 Ca n't beat amazons service or pricing ! The mantis ... lives up to it 's reputation ! Best little machine ever , with little to no footprint in my shed !
 I have had a Mantis tiller since1990 and it was time to get a new one . The old one did not have a way to pump the fuel into the carborator and this one does . The main problem with this tiller is keeping the dirt out of the carborator . Every time you use this tiller I would remove the air filter and clean it and around the carborator . I use it in rocky soil and rocks do bind up the blades but you can easily remove the rocks . It will dig right through weeds and will dig deep to make a garden .
 My dad bought one of these when they first came out and I thought is was a joke . But 12 years later I found myself in need of a tiller and he offered to let me borrow it . I figured why not . I was very amazed at how well it did . Our soil is clay and it does a pretty darn good job on it . It 's light so it 's easy to carry around and lift . I HIGHLY recommend the Mantis Tiller Kick Stand 4333-00-02 and the Mantis 1722-00-02 Tiller Weed Reducers . My dads does not have them and these 2 items make it a lot easier and nicer to use .
 this is a great little machine ! if you have a small garden it will do perfectly fine.its light and easy to use . I have had no problems yet and i do n't expect to .
 The tiller starts easy , runs well and tills nicely . I may not be using it correctly and it bounces much of the time . I have watched a video by Mantis and I do not remember it containing operating directions .
 I love this little tiller just the thing for small flower beds and anywhere you need to work . I like that it is light weight and can be easily used by anyone .
 I had my doubts about walking backwards while operating the tiller , but I 'm a believer now , it works much better than I expected . It 's so powerful for such a little lightweight tiller , the big tillers take a back seat to this little work horse .
 Great little tiller , light and easy to carry around the yard . Tills up small patches of ground in minutes without a lot of work . Can be hard to start when cold , is a little loud and the tines get gummed up fast when tilling up untilled ground . Overall , I a am very happy with it , made well and should last for years .
 This is my twelfth season for using this tiller . To prepare my garden I use an ancient Troy built that has been going strong for about 18 years now -LRB- I bought it used -RRB- and it looks as if this Mantis two stroke is going to last just as long . To be honest , I am a rather lazy gardener and the job of all jobs I hate most is cultivating and weeding . This little machine has taken away almost all of the excuses I have for not having a neat , well tended garden . There are a couple of things you should know though before purchasing this little gem : First , this is not a machine that is suitable for breaking up new ground or ground that has not been tilled for several years . It simply is not built for that.Secondly , you should not let your mind wonder when using this cultivator . It can take out a garden plant in a flash if you loose control over it and indeed , if you are extremely inattentive , it certainly has the capability of taking off a toe or two.Thirdly
 I ca n't even remember when I bought my Mantis , but it was at least 25 years ago . It has gotten hard use every year ever since . Mantis really stands behind their lifetime tine warranty ; they replaced mine totally free of charge after at least 20 years without any questions . The new machines look almost identical to my ancient one . The amazing thing is that the price has hardly gone up at all . In todays dollars , that makes it a raging bargain . The machine is light enough for almost anyone to use it , but be prepared for some serious bouncing around if your soil is rocky . It 's unbelievably powerful for such a small machine . I 've seen professional landscapers use it to loosen soil for planting new shrubs in some nasty , hard-packed soil . They just use it to dig down as far as the tines will reach , remove the loosened soil , and then dig down farther until they have the hole as deep as it needs to be . In the garden , the tines can be easily turned around to use it as a shallow cultivator for weeding purposes . The best thing of all is that it can be used in tight or hard-to-reach places where no conventional tiller can go . The small size and light weight make it especially easy to store without taking up valuable floor space . For the price , the Mantis is a really practical piece of equipment that no serious gardener should be without . It wo n't ever totally replace the big tillers , but it can do a whole lot of things that the big ones ca n't . I would have given up gardening many years ago if I did n't have my Mantis . One of my gardens is inside a small -LRB- about 10 ' - by-20 ' -RRB- fenced area that my big tiller is simply too big to handle . The Mantis gets right into the corners and tight to the fence with no problem . The Mantis may look like a toy , but - trust me - it 's not .
 I purchased the Mantis 2-stroke tiller after a great deal of research , reading reviews and looking at several other models in person . I had borrowed an Echo brand mini-tiller last year on a few occasions from a friend and I was very impressed with it . The mini-tiller did a great job at keeping the soil in my garden loosened up between the rows and also in tilling under the weeds that popped up.I really liked the Echo model since I had experience with it but it 's cost was about $ 50 more than the Mantis and the Echo was the most expensive model I 'd seen . The Mantis was the 2nd most expensive at around $ 300 but many other brands fell close to the same price ranging from $ 200 - $ 275 . I quickly decided against the cheaper $ 200 versions that can be found in Lowe 's , Home Depot , Sears etc. . If you look closely there are several brands of this $ 200-ish tiller that are all identical other than the brand name . Bolens , Troy-Built , Craftsman , are just a few names that I saw on this cheaper tiller and all looked the same . When I looked at these tillers in person , I was not impressed with the quality at all . I determined if I was going to spend $ 200 , I 'd rather spend a little more and get something I felt would last.I finally narrowed it down to a nice 2-stroke Craftsman model for $ 250 and then the mantis for $ 300 . What finally convinced me to go with the Mantis was the fact that I 'd seen nothing but good reviews and the Mantis has a 5 YEAR WARRANTY ! I do not think this should go over looked . One trip to a small motor repair shop when another brand tiller wo n't start in 2-3 years and I could have bought the Mantis and had it fixed for free . I determined this was the best bang for the buck.I ordered the Mantis from Amazon and had it 24 hours later with Prime Shipping . Nice ! The assembly was very easy and required nothing more than a couple wrenches and 10 minutes of time . The instructions were very clear and had full color photos . I would say that anyone capable of operating a small tiller should be easily capable of putting this tiller together.The Mantis cranks easily but does require 8-10 pulls when it 's cold . No really big deal , just make sure the ON/OFF switch on the handle is switched to ON . I 've forgotten about it a couple times when trying to crank it . It does an excellent job of tilling and the tines can be turned around backwards very easily so it does n't till as deep . I 've used it both ways and it does till much deeper when the tines are turned in the `` digging/tilling '' direction . I 've seen several reviews where people complained of the noise associated with the Mantis and other 2 stroke tillers . I have to say that I think the noise is actually pretty quiet . I have an Echo 2 stroke leaf blower as well as a 2 stroke weed-eater and both of them are much louder and have a higher pitched exhaust . The noise is n't really an issue for me , but I just wanted to mention it since I 'd seen complaints about it.PROS : Name brand quality5 year warrantyQuality constructionEasy to assembleDoes what it advertisesCONS : No disengage for the times -LRB- Once the engine is cranked , the tines are spinning , the only way to stop them is to kill the motor . This appears to be standard on all 2 stroke models I researched -RRB-
 Serious tillers bewarned this product does actually till soil that has never been tilled before but with effort . It works great in previously tilled areas .
 I 've had my mantis for several years and love it ! I use it every spring to fluff up the mulch in my beds after a cold snowy winter has matted it down . I use it to dig big holes to plant big trees and shrubs . I use it to weed my beds . I have over 3 acres of land and beds everywhere and this little machine is my co-pilot . I can make new beds 100 times faster than by digging by hand . I would recommend it to anyone who likes to garden and get yard chores done fast .
 I bought my Mantis fourteen years ago for turning raised beds . During that time I 've used it for that purpose plus one summer I dug holes for shrub planting in clay soil with my wife pushing down on top of the motor while I ran the controls ! Insanity - but it did n't break . This summer I used it to break up old soil and mix in compost for rejuvenating old beds at a new house . I 'm embarrassed to say that I 've never had the machine tuned up . I drain the old gas for winter and only use good quality oil in the gas mix , and I clean the air filter . I 've managed to break a couple of tines on rocks but otherwise it runs like new . It ALWAYS starts on two or three pulls when I bring it out of storage each year . It 's light and hops around when it hits rocks but just chews the daylights out of anything in its path . If it was stolen or run over by a truck I 'd buy a new one in a minute - one of the very best tool purchases I ever made !
 After taking on a allotment , it was becoming very difficult to find the time to prepare the soil for planting our vegetables . We bought this in the US , and brought it back to england . It has proved invaluable to us , enabling us to cultivate our plot so quickly . It is tough to use , wear gloves or you will get blisters , but the results are amazing . It was also sent to us with free postage , so was great value aswell . I would say this is essential for those who just dont have the time to dig their plots .
 We had a mantis that was over 20 years old . It 's transmission finally gave up . We bought this as a replacement . It was a breeze to assemble , started easily , and worked perfectly . With the tines on to make it a cultivator it is basically a powered hoe that hoes out the weeds and grinds them into small pieces that will become fertilizer for your plants . With the tines reversed it becomes a mini rototiller to work up smaller flower and garden beds . This newer model Mantis makes it far easier to change the tines . The only thing you need to be aware of is that to use it properly you do n't walk behind it as you would with a traditional rototiller , you walk backwards down between the rows . But it took hours to hoe the garden without the Mantis , but with it the whole garden is done is 20 minutes or so . Great little American Made machine .
 Great machine but dont buy if you have a stony garden , it bounces off of every stone . Now you will understand why those big troy builts weigh so much . . This thing dances and is a chore to use if you have stones . . I envy you people with sandy soil.JF
 I bought the 2-cycle -LRB- Echo engine -RRB- back in 1992 when we bought an abandoned mansion on a very neglected acre of ground . First order was to tear up ancient black top to make a garden where parking had been . The Mantis did the job - and broke a tine - which Mantis replaced , free of charge . I went on to use it for 13 more years without ever seeing a repair man . It just kept going and going - a sort of Energizer Bunny kind of equipment . Unfortunately , I sold it with the mansion-become-b & b. ; Now I have a garden , again , and need a tiller . I would n't even think of buying anything but the 2-cycle Mantis . Side-note
 I love the Mantis tiller . This is the second one I have purchased over a 20 year period . The other one still works but I am donating it to my son who just bought a home . It starts up easily and goes forever . Although I have never needed to use it there is a lifetime guarantee on the tines .
 I can hardly wait to use this in the spring . I have a full sized tiller that is too big for my raised beds . This will be just right and the price with free shipping was great .
 I REALLY LIKE THIS MACHINE . IT HAS A LOT OF POWER AND IS EASY TO OPERATE . IT TURNS THE SOIL OVER WITH EASE
 The product arrived quicky , was easy to assemble and operate . It works very well in my garden and I 'm very pleased with it .
 This tiller was very easy to assemble since the manual is excellent . The engine started very easy and it does a super job in the garden . The fact that you can reverse the tynes , makes it even better .
 I bought this to work up ground for a flower garden.It 's perfect except could use little more weight as on solid ground it bounces.Worked with some landscaping area that just needed weeded and it was fast and extremely easy to handle but hard working and not a toy ... Love it great purchase
 It was easy to put together Lite weight easy to star does a great job .
 The Mantis tiller is a little giant . It does the work of it 's larger brothers without the struggle . You do n't have to be a brawny man to handle this tiller and it fits in a lot of small spaces that you have in your yard . If we did n't have this tiller the work would have to be done with a shovel and hoe which is back breaking work . One of the best purchases we have made .
 Believe me I have tryed to kill this peice of equipment . I have tilled my compost pile which is a pile of muck right now because of all the rain and this little tiller keeps on fighting back . The tines get pluged up with muck kept cleanning them out and this little fighter stepped back in the ring for another round . I tackled sod with the mantis and after a couple of rounds the sod was useable soil again . Used this to till my new rasberry bed that is in a raised bed . Small enough to get into tight spaces , light enought to lift and powerful enough to get the job done . Super value , great workmanship
 I 've owned a Mantis Tiller for over 20 years . Of course , I initially got it to till my two vegetable gardens . After owning it for a short time , I found lots of other uses . I edge my flower gardens with it , I aerate and dethatch my lawn with it , and I use it to mix my two-bin freestanding compost pile . I helped a neighbor dig out an area for a patio with my Mantis Tiller , and he bought one a month later . I 've also used it to plant several large trees . It 's simply one amazing tool that I use all spring , summer , and fall . I love it !
 I 've had mine for over 15 years and had the tines replaced -LRB- for free -RRB- after digging deep ditches in rocky clay . After 15 years and after loaning it out to a friend who put the wrong oil/gas mixture in it , I 'm replacing three tubes , a three holed fuel grommet and an air filter . I 'm getting all the parts and S&H ; for under $ 18 ! I highly recommend this tiller . It takes some upper body strength but unless your a complete couch potato with a weak back , you should be able to handle this . It is yard WORK : -RRB-
 Great price and delivery . The assembly instructiond were clear and i had the unit put together in minutes . The ground is still snow covered in WI so I have not used it yet .
 This is an excellent product and is actually my second one . First one lasted 15 years . Light weight but powerful . Also use it with the large hedge trimmer accessory . Very pleased .
 Ordered this little tiller to replace our Ryobi that died . It works fine to weed my wife 's small vegetable garden -LRB- approx . 1500 sq ft -RRB- in less than an hour . My only complaint is that the directions were n't clear enough about the setup of the carburetor/gas control and I had to adjust it using my wits , always a dicey endeavor . But once it was set right , it ran swell . As with our other small tiller , the trick is to run it backwards
 I love my new tiller . It is very easy to use , a work horse and a tank of gas goes a long way . I have no idea what I did without it for the last 10 years .
 This tiller is great it is my second one . My father in law borrowed my first one and liked it so much I told him he could keep it . I bought another one it is light and very powerfull it pulverizes the soil . I would recommend the Mantis to anyone .
 It starts and runs fine and tears up the ground . The only con is that the weeds wrap up in the tines quickly . For breaking sod this is a problem but for general tilling it works fine . You must pull it backwards as indicated in the dvd for it to work as it should .
 I have been looking at this on T.V. and adds for years and just had had to try it with some new projects.I have been putting this through clay and shale with our very poor soil and it is doing GREAT ! I should have gotten this 5 years ago and saved me hours of frustration and pain . This thing ROCKS !! - Dou yoursalf a favor and try this !!
 I am very satisfied with this product . It tills great in dry or wet soil . This is the first year I have tilled my garden before planting , and my vegetable plants seem to be growing so much better ! I highly recommend this product .
 I love my Mantis Tiller ! In my younger days , I had regular , big tillers . My garden was at my house and it was no problem to use and store them . I now live on a wooded lot and can not have a garden at home . I also have back problems and I 'm much older . I tried to garden offsite without a tiller -- unsuccessfully . The ground got hard and the weeds took over . This year is great ! I can carry the Mantis to the truck myself . It starts easily every time . It really is powerful ! With patience , it will till 12 '' deep . My back is fine . My garden is beautiful ! It loosens the rock hard dirt around my big trees at the house so I can plant flowers and have them live . No more shoveling into the `` concrete , '' never-been-disturbed ground that is soo hard it does n't even grow grass . My repair shop claims they almost never have a Mantis to repair . It 's that well built . Amazon had the best price too . I researched it . Lastly , I put it together myself in my living room . The assembly directions were clear and simple to follow . Thank you Mantis and Amazon .
 this little tiller does fine as long as you follow the directions most of the negative comments I 've seen is because I did n't follow the directions
 Easy to carry out to garden , does a good job on weeds as long as you keep up with them and keep the soil somewhatsoft . Worth the price , Starting well have used it about 5 times this year , I use Stil 2 cycle oil at 50 to 1 ratiobest weed free garden ever due to ease of use , good for making spot planting in garden , till a small spot and replant . works good to pull soil back onto plant to build up soil level around plants
 I purchased this item to make gardening a little easier on my back , and this did it . I can cultivate my garden when ever I want , it is easy to start and easy to move around .
 I purchased this tiller for my son . Since this purchase he has taken this handy little tiller and transformed my yard into the most beautiful garden . The tiller is lightweight , but really powerful . I just do n't know how we lived without .
 If you garden this is a must have . Easy to assemble and so easy to use , no wonder so many people rave about them . I thought it would be nice to have , but was sure the claims were way over stated . Not in the least ! It is so nice to grab up work some rows or make a new flowerbed ... whatever . My big tiller will see a lot less work time now to be sure . If the motor lasts anything like other Echo motors , I may wear out the tines before it goes . I must say the quality if the dirt after working is most excellent . Finally the reversible tine feature is also wonderful . I could not be more pleased . A long time gardner and my best friend had me order him one after he heard me raving . He was on the search for one , but went with the Mantis like mine . I think he likes his even more . Out of the box it fired on the second pull while choked , and was running on the third pull . I found the best price on Amazon and I looked all over the net .
 I hade a Mantis and was very happy with it . But it gave out after 25 years . This is why I got another one . No problems putting it together . No problems starting it . It works great .
 Delivery was on time , Amazon beat everybody elses price on my Mantis , and the product works excellent . Assembly only took about 5 minutes , the motor started right away , and it was very easy to use . I 've allready used it to till my entire garden , did some weeding in some of my other planting beds , and now I 'm going to use it to create another 3 ` x10 ' flower bed on the side of my house . Great product and more than competetive pricing . Thanks !!
 It 's basically a weedeater with a tilling blade attached.In good dirt , or sandy dirt it 's super easy to use . In red clay and chirp soil it can get very jumpy . It can be quite difficult to control and a bit dangerous to objects and people close by . If your willing to spend the extra time and care , it will eventually work it 's way through .
 This is really a rather odd little machine . I have had one for three years now and have had very few problems with mine . I grant you that it is a bit difficult to get started now and then but we usually get things worked out . If I keep it turned-up and keep fresh gas available and not let gas set in the tank too long or put old gas in , then I find I have fewer problems.This tiller does what I pay it to do which is cultivate between the rows of both vegetable and flowers . It is NOT built to completely till a garden . I am pretty happy with mine.I have a close friend who also has one of these . He likes his too.On the other hand , I have a friend who considers her Mantis be biggest hunk of junk she was ever talked into buying -LRB- She is still a bit peeved at me I fear -RRB- , and uses terrible language when talking about it . I have tried working with her particular machine ... I treat it like I treat mine but I have to tell you and tell you truthfully ... the one she has is indeed a `` bad egg . '' I am not sure if the people who make these things have quality control issues or what but there does seem to be a big lack of consistency here . I note , after reading all of the reviews here , there this is likely truer than I though . Some folks here are having a wretched time ; others love theirs . I can well believe both sides of the issue because I have observed this in real life when it comes to using this machine.Go figure ...
 This is what I wrote last year when I received the Mantis ... I purchased the Mantis for my mother-in-law , who is 76 years old . She loves to play in her Day Lilly 's ! She has had a Mantis for about 5 years now and well , she needed a new one . She simply wore the old one out ! The Mantis really does give her the freedom to be able to plow around her yard and plant wherever her heart desires . My father-in-law loves it too ! He 's 81 ! He uses it to weed his vegetable garden and it tackles with no problem . The price was really good and it safely arrived in 5 days!This is my current `` Updated '' review ... Alamia , -LRB- here on Amazon -RRB- is where I bought it from last June 30th -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . Hubby used it 1 time , to till his 76 yr old mom 's flower bed , in 2008 , and it now -LRB- 2009 -RRB- wo n't start . I emailed Alamia and they told me , `` You will need to take your machine to your local service center for inspection and possible repair . To locate your local service center please visit the mantis website and go through the dealer locater . '' And that was it ! Well , I looked on the site and could not find the service center locator . I emailed them back and NO RESPONSE ! This one was supposed to replace her 5 year old Mantis , that quit working too . She is 76 and the Mantis WAS easy for her to use . WOW $ -LSB- ... -RSB- out the window ! I am really -LSB- ... -RSB- ! If I could take away stars I would . Not even sure , now , if the 5 year old mantis is broken or just junk like this one ?
 I purchased this tiller from Amazon a few days ago . I watched the instruction DVD that came with the package . Starting the tiller for the first time seems so easy according to the DVD . Today I tried that . It was n't easy!Here is my story starting it for the first time . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Use gloves . Your finger may get some blisters without it . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Go to hardware store and buy spark plug wrench . The spark plug was overly tightened at the factory . I used a rubber hammer to open it . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The problem that the engine did not start was because of wet spark plug . I had to clean it with a rag several times . -LRB- 4 -RRB- It did start for 3 seconds then stopped . Try again . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Then it started to 10 seconds then stopped . Pull it again . -LRB- 6 -RRB- It started for 1 minute then stopped . Keep trying . -LRB- 7 -RRB- Then it started for 2 minutes . I finally run the tines . Wow ! it was a powerful little machine.It may take a while on a hard or heavy soil like mine but it is capable to till such soil . It was doing a fine job on my garden.I have a cover crop planted on two 4 x 10 feet raised bed . I was thinking to rototill the cover crop . It did n't work . The plant was very long and stuck on the tine causing it not spinning . I have to take the tines apart to be able to reach the tangled plants in the middle.I gave it 4 starts because it was doing good job but difficult to start for the first time.Update 9/23/2012I used it to rototill 8x14 area yesterday . I was so surprised . It ran with 2 or 3 pull . It was doing a great job yesterday .
 Wow , where has this thing been all my life ? Just kidding , I 'm not that old ... but man is this thing great . If you are a homeowner , this thing is what 's been missing from your arsenal.My lawn had been neglected , looking all weedy and patchy . I was looking for a way to aerate my lawn so I could overseed with some better grass seed . My options were to rent an aerator at home depot for $ 75 for one day , or buy one for $ 1000 + . Throw $ 75 away , or be stuck with a $ 1000 machine with limited applications ? No thanks.I happened to come upon this YouTube video
 I purchased a Mantis about 8 years ago to help cultivate a 20X10 garden bed I started . This thing is awesome . First , it 's lightweight and carries very easily to where you need it to go . Second , when this thing tills ... it really tills !! It gets down at least 12 + inches and pulverizes any roots ... cutting them nicely to leave in as organic matter if you so choose . Finally , with all the attachments available , you have an edger , a tiller , a cultivator , a de-thatcher , and an aerator . That 's just what I bought . I see on their website there 's also a plow attachment , a furrower , and more.Two years after my purchase , I had to stop cultivating due to an injury . So the Mantis sat there until this spring ... almost 6 years . Blew the dust off , put gas + oil in it aaaaaand ... the thing started right up ! Consider 6 years of overgrowth and 8 foot trees that decided to sprout . The mantis cut the overgrowth and as for the trees ... well , rock it back and forth around the 3 to 4 inch trunks , and I easily lifted the trucks out of the bed . Amazing . I 've been using it all season and it is still holding up.Just some advice ... make absolutely sure you read the instructions for use . It does not operate like most tillers . You do n't move forward with it , you move backward . Also , when mixing your oil and gas for the two stroke engine , it is a different ratio than other garden tools . I keep two gas containers for each ratio , and clearly marked which container has the Mantis mix.Be sure to drain it out at the end of each season.I 'm telling you , if you 've ever broken your back hoeing and tilling and de-weeding ... you 'll love the Mantis . Stores in minimal space and will save you time and your back/neck/arms .
 This rototiller is great . We live on an acre and it is used to do all our flower beds . My husband stated it was easy to assemble and easy to use . He loves it and glad we purchased from Amazon .
 I 've compared a handful of similar products at the local Home Depot and Lowes and nothing comes close to the effectiveness of the Mantis for the price ! Used it for tilling large patches of hard and rock covered terrain , dug holes for planting and softening top soil for cultivating . Works wonderful - highly recommended
 Purchased this lightweight tiller to do some small backyard gardening . Received it in a timely manner and it was easy to put together . Am extremely happy with the purchase and the ability of this little tiller . It worked extremely well in an area with few weeds and tough soil . I have n't tried it around areas with lots of weeds , but figure it would do just as well . I bought the Mantis 1722-00-02 Tiller Weed Reducers with it and can see the benefit in adding these to the machine . Over the past few years , fuel additives have caused moisture problems for carbuerated engines . I now add Sta-Bil Marine Formula Ethanol Treatment to my fuel on my carbuerated engines and would recommend it . It will save you some frustration and a trip to the repair shop .
 I bought the Mantis to weed between rows in my garden , approx . 30 ` x15 ' and for small jobs when I do n't want to get out the TroyBilt . Well , the Mantis is a blast ! It really tears into the weeds and dirt , and is easy to carry , use and control . It works really well with the tines reversed for weeding , and works great going forward and being pulled back for a very through weeding job.I agree that it probably is n't the best in hard soil or around lots of rocks , but it 's perfect for my needs.I also used it to till over some lettace when I was ready to plant tomatoes with the tines in the forward position , and it did an excellent job . I like how easy it is to switch the tines around , too . Highly recommended!The deal at Amazon was great . I bought it on a Saturday night on-line , and it was sitting on my porch the next Tuesday afternoon with free shipping !
 I have friends who have had Mantis tillers for years and they have raved about them . Now I know why . We have two acres and a good portion of it is in flower beds and garden . This tiller may be small but it has punch . It works very well , and I can handle it so much better than the big tillers . Very easy to assemble with instructions and it starts on the second pull every time I use it . I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a tiller .
 This is a great product . I barrowed my neighbors last year and was amazed . I decided this year to buy and one and for what I saw used ones going for , I decided to buy a new one . The price of the used ones told me that it keeps it value . It 's easy to assemble , easy to start and control . I recommend the kick stand , I did n't get one when I purchsaed mine , but I 've ordered one since then .
 The only complaint I have about this product is it took me 4 days to get it started!Assembly was no problem and was pretty easy . But after putting it together I had a terrible time getting it started . I checked everything in the manual that might have been causing trouble . I even took the spark plug to an auto parts store to have it tested . It was good . On the 4th day and after getting blisters on my hand from pulling the starting cord I finally got the engine to sputter . A few more tugs and it was running . I have used it twice since then and have had no trouble starting it.I does a very nice job of tilling up the soil . You need to keep a firm grip on it because it does have quite a bit of power . I would have given it 5 stars if it were n't for the starting problems .
 I had a sears mini tiller cultivator which worked just fine till the gear box went up this year -LRB- my fault not sears -RRB- . I was going to buy one similar to it , but Amazon had the mantis on sale.It was more but I thought I would see if it was as good as Mantis says it is.Couldn ' t believe it , worked BETTER than they say.Started easy if you follow the directions and it sure tore the ground up , the other tiller never did as good a job.If I knew they worked this good for real I would have bought one long ago .
 I sold my rear tine tiller a few years ago and at times wished I had it . Looked into the Mantis , bought it , love it . It is my new favorite tool . It is rare that you get more than you expected , but it happened here ! It is amazing . For sure you get your money 's worth with this machine .
 I love the Mantis . It works better then my regular tiller . The only thing that slows it down is big rocks and thick vines . It worked great for my raised garden beds . I also used it to make a strip in grass to grow sunflowers , tore right through everything . Great product and from what I have read and heard from people who own a Mantis they last a long time . It was a little slow on the first start up out of box . I flooded it had to take out spark plug and dry it off and let it sit for a bit but once I got that first start its been going strong ever since . If your looking for a nice small powerful tiller you wo n't be sorry with a Mantis .
 As far as I can see all the complaints can be narrowed down to bad fuel . This is not the fault of the manufacturer . The fuel we are getting is garbage . Best to use canned premixed fuel from SEF or Tru fuel and eliminate 99 % of the issues
 I first used this product when I borrowed an older unit from a relative to `` do '' a small vegetable garden plotfor my wife 's new garden adventure . Needless to say the garden was a huge success and I decided that I wouldrequire my own Mantis if I was to expand the garden . I continue to be amazed with the capability of this verywell engineered and manufactured tool . Thanks again for selling such a great product and also the fantastic servicethat is so commonplace with a purchase from Amazon .
 Had one for twenty years and it gave me nothing but good , reliable service and did the job every time ... great machine
 i borrowed a mantis a few years ago . ive used rear tine front tine with large motors , no other cultivator is as versatile as the mantis . i purchased one from amazon , great all around experience .
 Years ago , we purchased a Mantis for our son as a birthday gift . He lives out of town , so I never did see it work . He gave me the go ahead . Assembly was simple . And as for its accomplishments , I just killed a section of lawn and used the Mantis to cultivate the dead grass . Worked great , but I did get somewhat of a sore back . I guess that what happens when you get older . I would recommend this to anyone that is interested in purchasing one .
 I bought my first Mantis about 15 years ago and it was stolen last year . I find I can not do without one so this is my second and it works so well . I do have one complaint
 The mantis tiller is great for raised beds and not too hard soil , i have raised beds and it works fine for me .
 I love this tiller , it starts easy not like the Murray tiller . The Murray sucked to start and sucked to till with , rocks getting stuck in it all the time . The Mantis tines spin fast and it digs down deep . I can spin around my plants in the garden chewing up the weeds as I go . The only bad thing I have found is , not like the other tiller that would walk over the soaker hoses , this one eats them . Should have purchased this one in the first place .
 I am very pleased with the Mantis Tiller/Cultivator . It is very light weight and easy to use , especially around our garden plants and down the rows that are now too small for our full-size tiller .
 While I love my Mantis tiller , I was very disappointed in the purchasing process . The advertisement indicated it came with a free border edger and kickstand , but apparently , that is only available if you select a certain supplier . When I contacted the supplier and then later Amazon , neither would supply the attachment . I would say definitely order the tiller , just take care to select the right supplier or you will have to make an additional purchase to get the same offer .
 Seller is great fast shipping . Only reason for 4 out of 5 is because has a small tear in top corner . Not sure how it got there but u bought two of them and the other has no issues .
 Fits and works well . Will see how it makes it through the winter . Strap seems to work decent as well .
 What a great to to foster pretend play !!! Add a blanket on the floor and you have a picnic in your family room ! Food articles are very study and washable -- even after the puppy claims one ! Super for labeling , sequenced play , etc. . Melissa and Doug did it again !
 I personally love this toy . It is so very cute . I got it for my 6 month old and she really just chews on it right now . I think she will enjoy it more as she gets older .
 I got two of these baskets as gifts , one for my one year old niece and the other for a baby shower . In both cases the gifts were well received .
 I bought this for my daughter 's first birthday . She is a twin . Her brother received the tool box . They both love to play , chew on , take apart , squeeze , shake , etc. this toy . Even my five year old likes to play with it . I love that it is washable too . Great purchase .
 I 'll throw my praise into the ring - I bought this toy for my son about 4 months ago based on all the positive reviews . I liked that it 's cloth rather than plastic ... But what really matters is what my son thinks , and this toy is one of his favorites.When I first got the toy he was a little over 6 months - the ice cream and bottle quickly became his favorite rattles , and if I took the crinkly lettuce off of the sandwich for him he adored that too ! As he has grown , his interest in the toy has expanded . These days he really likes taking everything out of the basket and he is able to rip apart the sandwich which he Loves ... -LRB- And even trying to put it back together ! Development ! -RRB- This toy was definitely worth the money . My son plays with it at some point almost every day , and it always keeps him entertained for quite a while - he 's been known to sit with it 30 minutes ... That 's FOREVER for my little guy . If I need a distraction and pull it out , it works every time.Seriously good toy .
 I just got this for my 8 month old for Christmas . She really enjoys it and my 2 year old enjoys playing with it as well . It 's super cute . I 'm very happy with it .
 Melissa and Doug make such cute toys , and I was very pleased again with my purchase of the Delux Picnic Basket Fill & Spill . The basket and all of the play picnic food are soft and plush . The sandwich is fun because it has velcro which allows children to stack the sandwich parts on top of each other and they will stick together . The food pieces each have a face which children love . The colors are bright and so far this toy has stood up to my children 's rough playing .
 My eight month old daughter loves this toy . And I love that you can throw it in the washing machine to clean . Lots of fun . We are very happy with it .
 We got this for baby 's 1st birthday , and she loves this toy . So does every other baby who plays with it . The ice cream and grape soda are rattles , the sandwich pulls apart with velcro and is the best part .
 Very cute and fun for toddlers . Easy to clean and very durable . My daughter stills plays with it and she 's three now .
 I got this toy for my 6 month old and he is now 12 months old and still loves it . He loved to pull the sandwitch apart . He likes carrying the pieces in his mouth everywhere he goes . The thing I love most about the toy is that you can throw all the pieces in the washing machine . Great toy ! And so cute too !
 My 6-month old loves to shake , squeeze and crinkle the picnic foods . Her favorite is the lettuce !
 Love this toy ! Little ones love taking the objects in and out of the basket and mouthing these objects wo n't make you jump to grab it away . The Velcro pull apart sandwhich is pretty cool and the bottle is a great rattle .
 My daughter LOVES this toy , has found new and creative ways to play with the pieces , keeps her busy , makes me happy : -RRB-
 I bought this for a One year baby , she is now two years old and she still play with it . For her , the funniest items are the watermelon and the sandwich
 This is a great , well-made toy . My daughter -LRB- 1 yr old -RRB- loves to take things out and put things into containers so this is right up her alley . It 's easy enough for her to open and close by herself to pull the food out . All of the food is adorable too and I love that they all make different sounds . One rattles , one has a bell inside , and one squeaks . She loves the Velcro sandwich the most , loves to pull it apart and have me stack it back up again . And she pretends to eat the ice cream and watermelon all the time . She chooses it out of the toy basket often , I 'd say it gets played with nearly every day .
 We received this as a Christmas Gift for my then 7 Month old daughter and she absolutely loved it ! Now a few months later , my daughter still loves this toy as well as my 2 year old son . She is constantly taking the sandwich apart and pretending to drink out of the bottle . My son also likes to make the sandwich and pretend to cook all the food.The picnic basket is very durable and the pieces to it are as equally durable . My daughter teethes on everything and the bottle in the set she really chews on . The set is really great for motor skills and playing pretend . I also like that they are more than just stuffed food . The ice cream has a bell in it that rattles , the soda bottle rattles , the watermelon has a squeaker in it , and the sandwich has the different textures on it.All in all a wonderful toy to play pretend with and learn . My kids love it and I would buy it in a heart beat for any of my friends kids . I highly recommend this item !
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 16 months old and it is great ! She loves how all the different food items make a different noise and it seems to clean up well . Great gift idea for 6-24 month old !
 I do n't think you can go wrong in purchasing anything by Melissa & Doug . This item is cute & durable . & yes the grandaughter loves it .
 My little one got this as a Christmas gift and , at 9 months , she has not left it alone . She especially loves the ice cream cone that jingles . And she babbles at the piece of bread that has the smiley face on it . The colors are vibrant , the food is well made , the basket they come in is durable ... This was a great find and is going on my list of gift giving for other babies . The only thing I would caution about is that my dogs love it too . They keep trying to sneak off with the toys . :-RRB- Be prepared to run defense if you have pets .
 This is my 8 month olds favorite toy ! She loves putting the toys in the basket and dumping them out over and over again ! She loves the rattle sound as well !
 this is very colorful and looks nice packaged . it was a gift for a newborn and her 21/2 year old sister . it is perfect for them to share .
 This is a fantastic toy . My 10 month old daughter loves playing with it . The `` food '' items are adorable and perfect for teething babies to chew on ! I would definitely recommend this toy ... I plan to buy it as a gift for another baby !
 The picnic basket and the food is okay , but the breakout star of this set is definitely the sandwich ... My 9-month-old is fascinated with with the velcro texture that connects the sandwich layers . He also enjoys carrying around a slice of `` bread '' with him when crawling from room to room .
 Nice , colorful basket for small children to `` tuck away '' little things to tote around . The `` food '' items are eye catching and make for a perfect quiet time toy .
 I bought this fill and spill for my son when he turned 7 months . Initially , he was just interested in the rattle noises and taking things in and out of the basket . At 9 months , he also enjoys sperating the sandwich and hearing the velcro noise . This toy grows with your child . In hindsight , I probably would have bought this toy for him at 4 or 5 months to enjoy . I am happy with this purchase .
 This is a great toy to give to a baby 9-12 months old who 's getting into sorting and the old `` put it in , take it out game . '' The food is colorful and entertaining and the textures are fun . What I particularly like is that the food and basket are something than can extend well into toddler play and beyond . I like giving this to people with a baby and older kids because any kid young enough to play `` house '' can make use of the pretend food.It 's nice to be able to give , or get , a `` baby '' toy that is n't useless after a few months . Overall it 's a great toy .
 My kids -LRB- 3 and 1 -RRB- absolutely love this toy !!! There are so many elements to it and it 's great for open-ended play .
 This toy is great for babies around 5 months and up . The toys make crinkly noises or rattle , and babies can hold on to them easily . Once they can sit up , it 's great fun for them to put the food in and out of the basket . A great toy !!
 I would definitely give this a 5 star rating if we did n't own cats . My little girl is 13 months old and this is one of her favorite toys from Christmas . She loves pulling the `` food '' out of the basket and putting it back in . She especially loves sticking and unsticking the velcro sandwich pieces . I 've found lettuce and tomato stuck to a couple of her stuffed animals a few times now.My only complaint is that the pieces are made of the type of fabric that attracts fuzz of all kind . Within seconds of her opening the basket , the pieces had several furballs stuck to them . I certainly wo n't keep her playing with it and I know it 's a really nit-picky complaint , but I just wanted to share that one observation.Overall , I would definitely buy this toy again .
 This is another great toy by Melissa and Doug . We try to get the best and most eco-friendly toys for our son , and Melissa and Doug toys are always a hit ! This toy surpassed my expectations by far . Just like other reviews , the sandwich in this set is the big hit . I have had this toy for 3 months now , and it is played with all day , every day . My 16 month old LOVES putting the lettuce and tomato together and taking it apart . He has spent many naps and nights sound asleep with the tomato in one hand , and lettuce in the other . He simply can not let go of those two pieces . The lettuce and tomato alone are worth the price of this toy just for the smile on my baby 's face . Buy this toy !
 We purchased this toy for Christmas and our twins have loved it ! The pieces are durable and so cute . The picnic basket is fun for them to fill with other toys and carry around . Even the triplets I babysit love this toy . It can be a chew toy for little ones and then an addition to the kitchen play set when they are into pretend play . All ages have enjoyed it .
 We go on a picnic everyday . This cute little set is perfect for teaching how to put stuff into a receptacle . And I ca n't wait until he understands what each of the food items are !
 love it , so cute . Very nice quality , even the grape juice sits up . All of my girls have enjoyed playing with it 15mos , 2-1/2 , & 10 .
 Perfect for younger and older sets . My younger one -LRB- 15 months -RRB- likes to walk around with this , pull everything out and put it back in . My older one -LRB- 4yr -RRB- actually takes it and pretends to have picnics . Good quality , cute design . Normal M&D high quality .
 This is fun to watch her play with and learn . She enjoys every part of the toy and figuring out how it works .
 My daughter got this toy when she was about 6 months old and loved it - it makes great sounds and was soft for her to chew on . Now , she is 3 years old and she loves `` cooking '' with pretend food - so she STILL plays with it ! What a great toy ! And it 's still in great shape ... I 'm sure little sister will be playing with it soon too !
 This is a fun , colorful toy with easy to pick up light pieces and it is easy to transport fromplace to place because it can be put into a diaper bag .
 This was one of the best toys I bought for my twins ! The sandwich was by far their favorite piece , but each piece is cute , and entertaining for the little ones . I love that it comes with it 's own container , it 's never too early to learn to put the toys away when you 're done with them ! This will be my go to toy for gifts !
 My 5 month old loves this toy ! Pretty sure I love it just as much ! The happy faces on all the foods are so cute and each toy has its own sound . Even the sandwiches layers peel apart , Not sure why there is n't any meat on the sandwich , just lettuce , tomato , and cheese . Maybe the makers are vegetarians ? Anyways its def worth the money !
 My 7 and a half month old loves this toy , and people always ask where I got this from.My daughter sits and pulls the items out of the basket and rattles the soda bottle and ice cream and then pulls apart the sandwich . She loves the watermelon . . Im not a 100 % sure why , as , as others have commented she ca n't squeeze it to make the sound herself.Its great to take in the car with you and out and about as items fit beautifully into the basket.I 'm sure she 'll continue to love this toy as she gets older and mummy buys a little kitchen or shopping trolley to use this toy with.You wo n't regret this purchase
 I bought this for my daughter 's first birthday and she LOVES it ! She loves playing pretend picnic and `` feeds '' me often ! Great durability , easy to clean and they look amazing . The sandwich is a big hit as well as the rattling ice cream ! Great product , I highly recommend it !
 My son enjoys it but it 's not his favorite . I held off making the purchase because the price seemed kinda high . I gave in because I really wanted the sandwich . Glad I bought it but wish it did n't cost so much .
 With my daughter now 8 months old , I like to give her toys that she can take apart or `` spill '' in this case . The act of pulling the items out is half the fun , then she gets to explore what they look & feel like and any noise they might make . I also love that they made the picnic basket clear , so she can actually see what 's inside and want to get at the different `` foods . '' It 's like having 5 toys in one .
 We received this before my daughter was born . She has been playing with it since about 4 months old and at 10.5 months , she still loves it .
 my 10 mnth old daughter loves this - she loves ripping apart the velcro-sandwich the best . good , sturdy materials and the full ` basket ' is easy for her to drag around .
 My 6 month old girl loves to play with the clear basket and little food items . The watermelon is my little girl 's favorite . I think it 's because it tends to stay upright , so the smile is always right side up . It 's also fun for parents to see their baby mouth toy food with smilie faces .
 Gave this to my daughter for her first birthday . She has had it for only two days , but has already played with it a ton . Loves the sounds all of the food makes , loves the pull apart sandwich , loves to take everything out of the basket and put it back in . Great toy .
 We got this for our daughter 's 1st birthday and it is so cute . The little soft pieces are very well made and she enjoys the rattle sounds and pulling the sandwich apart . She also likes putting the pieces in and out of the basket . Really cute toy !
 When I got this toy today , I immediately fell in love with it . My daughter has been playing with it all day.The sandwich has little velcro on it so the bread , tomato , lettuce , and cheese stay together . Since I am a vegetarian , I thought it was neat that the sandwich did n't have ham or some other meat in it ... just cheese.The soda pop `` bottle '' shakes with a rattle inside . The watermelon squeaks when you squeeze it . And the ice cream cone also has a bell/rattle inside.Very adorable and age appropriate for babies 6 months and over .
 Little one likes taking stuff out and putting it back in . Also likes the sounds the individual stuff makes .
 My six month old likes this toy . Everything is soft and makes some kind of noise .
 We bought this for our daughter 's first birthday . It 's really well made , cute and durable . She really loves putting the picnic items in and out of the basket - as there is easy access . It 's also reassuring that they are soft , so no harm is caused when they are hurled across the room ! We highly recommend !
 My daughter , at 10 months , can not resist the sandwich . She has a compulsion to pull the pieces apart . Not able to put them together yet , but that will come of course . She also inspects the individual pieces , the ` crispy ' lettuce etc.AND they come up great in the washing machine too - that 's important !! Perhaps a minor quibble is that the icecream and the bottle are rather similar - ca n't be pulled apart and make similar sorts of noise . She seems least interested in these . Perhaps they could have made the ice cream so that it came apart . -LRB- Not the bottle , the lid would be small enough that a baby could choke -RRB- . Really a charming toy . I 'm planning on giving it as a present.BUT be careful not to lose any parts , because Melissa and Doug wo n't replace them . We temporarily lost half the sandwich ... luckily it turned up . Without those pieces , the toy was so much less .
 I have purchased two of these now , and they are just so incredibly cute ! It 's just the perfect happy toy ! Little children love this toy but it 's amazing how much the adults and older kids seem to like it too ! It ca n't help but make you smile ... !
 I did not think my one year old grandchild would like this so much . She has a lot of fun putting the items in the basket and taking them out . She has a lot of fun with the individual items as well . It was a surprise to me that she liked it so well .
 I really like this toy . Our baby has had lots of fun dismantling the sandwich and exploring all the pieces . It is fun and I really like that everything is machine washable -LRB- except the picnic basket itself -RRB- . It is fun and we have fun playing with our baby with this product !
 I bought this as a Chistmas gift for my 14 mo. old daughter . Since she has gotten many other things she does n't seem to play with this much . But I think it 's very cute and durable . I especially like the sandwich that comes apart . I also like the basket it comes with so the pieces stay together neatly .
 My 6 month old has been playing with this a lot for a few weeks . She really loves the piece of lettuce and grape bottle the best ! Such a cute set . My 21/2 year old really likes it too .
 My grandson loves this toy . It 's cozy and soft , and each piece is different . He plays with this a lot .
 love the toys give them to many people.really a great gift thanks so very very very much . Thanks thanks thanks thanks
 I gave this picnic basket to my daughter when she was 9 months old . I hoped that she would be able to play with it for a long time . Now she 's almost 3 years old , and she uses this set with her play kitchen . There are n't many baby toys that can grow with your child like this one.It 's a very well-designed toy . My daughter loved it when she was a baby . Two years later , all of the pieces still look great , and my daughter still enjoys the bells and other sounds .
 My son loves to sit with the basket and pull everything out . He likes to pull apart the sandwich and shake the soda which makes like a rattle sound . He always hands me the pieces to put the sandwich back together or the watermelon so I can make it squeak . Mel & Doug toys are my favorite because they are unique and well-made . Satisfied !
 My now 10 mth old loves this toy - well mostly just the sandwich , but I 'm hoping she 'll come around to the rest as she continues to grow . She loves to tear apart the layers of the sandwich over and over again and she 's learning how to pull it out of the basket . This is a very sturdy and and well made toy . Would make a wonderful gift .
 This was purchased as a first-birthday gift . The toy is adorable , and seemed to hold the attention of the birthday girl . The favored activity was pulling apart the `` sandwich . '' I would definitely recommend it .
 I think this is soo cute . and my dd loves the squeak in the watermelon and hiding stuff in the basket , and I pretend to take sips from the drink and she just thinks its too funny . The only downfall of all cloth toys like this is lint is really attracted it it , and hard to really actually clean it .
 We bought this basket for our granddaughter for her 1st birthday . The toy is durable and adorable . I think she 's a little too young for it right now , however she enjoys the textures of each piece . I 'm sure she 'll enjoy playing with the basket and its contents in the months to come .
 These little toy snackers are great , my grand daughter loves them . I feel good seeing her playing them , she loves taking the sandwich apart and pretending like licking the ice cream and drinking the soda .
 I am a huge fan of Melissa & Doug products . I 've never had a problem with anything made by them . And this picnic basket is no exception . I bought it for my son 's 1st birthday , as he loves to put things in and out of boxes . And this toy is perfect for that . He loves the bottle of `` soda '' the most ... he rattles and he carries it around everywhere . He likes to open and close the basket over and over , and see how much stuff he cram inside at one time . This is such a fun toy , plus the colors are bright and the little fruits are adorable !
 I was very pleased with this product . It was given as a gift and the baby loved it . It is a safe and fun toy and I would recommend it to anyone.Thank you.Please visit -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My 10 month old daughter really loves this toy especially the sandwich -LRB- she loves to pull apart the sandwich and have Mom put it back together for her -RRB- and she loves the basket . Everything seems really durable and has held up well to many chewings and washings since we got it several months ago .
 My 1 year old daughter loves this picnic basket . We gave it to her for Christmas -LRB- when she was almost 11 months -RRB- . And she has recently been playing with it everyday . She loves to pull apart the sandwich and pretend to eat the food with her mom and I . She also loves pulling out the food and then putting it back in . Great toy for pretend play !!
 Cute toy . My 14 month old daughter like its but got bored quickly . Might have been too young but does like to put it in her shopping cart .
 i bought this for our daughter for Christmas and it was a hands down winner . Each food has a special texture or sound -LRB- rattle or bells or squeaker NOT electronic -RRB- she loves packing up her `` picnic '' and toting it around the house . I love that its easy to bring with us -LRB- grandmas for example -RRB- and that as she gets older she can use the food to play pretend . Great quality . I love this Melissa and Doug .
 We bought this for our 31/2 month old for Christmas this year . He is into chewing everything , so the fact that the toys are soft and do n't have any parts that could come off is great ! His favorite toy out of all of them is the watermelon , which squeaks . He smiles every time we squeeze it !
 I bought this for my 10 month baby girl ! It is not like any other present I Have found anywhere ! Love it and all the adorable details . I recommend this to anyone . ;-RRB- the pictures online do n't do this cute toy any justice . It is the cutest thing I have seen . My babe loves it !
 My 12 month old has really enjoyed the Melissa & Doug Picnic Basket . He loves to carry the basket around . His older siblings have play food so now he has his own . He loves how the food makes different noises too .
 My daughter is 10 months old and she loves this toy ! Each piece makes a different sound , although the squeaky watermelon is too hard for her to sqeeze yet . Her favorite is the sandwich , as she loves to pull each slice apart -LRB- velcro between each one -RRB- . The basket is perfect to hold them all and light enough that she can lift it . I 'm sure this will last for years !
 We have this toy and love it so much that we continue to purchase it as a gift for many other children . Our youngest received it as a gift for her 1st birthday . We took it on a trip a month or so later where there were kids ranging from 1-5 and they ALL played with it more than any other toy . The little ones love it for chewing , playing -LRB- the toys are soft and squishy and make noise -RRB- . They also really like to practice putting them in and taking them out of the basket . The older children like to serve the food and actually pretend they are having a picnic . This toy has gotten so much use and still looks brand new -LRB- 6 months later -RRB- . Would definitely recommend to a friend -LRB- and have bought it for many friends ! -RRB-
 My 7 month old got this for Christmas , and she and my 2-year old love it ! The sandwich is the best ; They can pull it apart and put it together again .
 Christmas gift for my little one . The sandwich is the best part in my opinion with the ability to pull it apart and put it back together . The items are well made , it is a perfect gift !
 My granddaughter loves this toy . She carries it all around on her arm and enjoys feeding us . If something is missing she is on a frantic search to find it : -RRB-
 My daughter is 9 months old and LOVES this toy . We 've had it for about a month and it is one of her favorites . She loves to grab the sandwich and pull all the layers apart to hear the velcro `` rrrrrrip '' . The bottle of `` grape juice '' makes a nice rattling noise . The ice cream cone makes a little jingle-jingle . The watermelon goes `` squeek '' but it takes adult size hands -LRB- all the others are totally baby activated -RRB- .
 After reading reviews I was concerned that my daughter was too old for these at 16 months . I went ahead and purchased the set in the hopes that these toys would help spark conversations about food and aid in pretend play . They also seemed very safe for a child her age , as many food sets seem to be approved for 3 years and above . I have not been at all disappointed with the foods , which are thankfully machine washable . They are played with every single day , and are definitely used for pretend play . In my opinion this set would be perfect without the basket because of the concerns surrounding plastics . But that 's just me!Update
 Cute toy `` food '' but the basket is really why I got the set . Our granddaughter loves to carry her mom 's old purse around and this toy seems to be a wonderful small basket type of container for her . Nicely made and seems sturdy .
 We bought this for our then 18 month old daughter . I was reluctant to buy it because it is for ages 6 months plus and I thought she might be too old for it . She is not . She loves making the sandwich ! The sandwich is what makes this Fill & Spill so great . All the sandwich pieces velcro together and the lettuce is ` crispy ' . After seeing ours , my friend ordered one for her six month old son . Also , we had a 3 year old over to play and all she played with was this toy . We all had to take turns eating the sandwich she made and playing picnic . Great toy . This would make an awesome baby shower or 1st birthday gift .
 This toy was purchased from a vendor associated with Amazon and the product was received well ahead of predicted dates and in its original undented packaging . To top it off , the Melissa and Doug Deluxe Picnic Basket and associated toys are larger than expected and the craftmanship is excellent . I only rated it a 4 star on durability because the basket is lined with medium density plastic and can be easily creased over time creating a less than crisp view of what is inside .
 I got this set because it was soft toys that rattle and krinkle and I thought it would be a good high chair toy for my son -LRB- we have hardwood floors so he only gets soft toys in the high chair -RRB- . He 's only 6 months old , but he likes making the toys rattle and krinkle . He especially likes the ice cream cone and soda bottle right now because they are easier to hold . The watermelon squeaks , but his little hands ca n't do that yet . I think he 'll enjoy these toys well into his toddler years .
 I love this so much . I bought this and then bought the Melissa and Doug soft candy dish toy . They are both so cute and durable and offers my 10 month old daughter hours of playing time . Items are also washable .
 This is SUCH a cute toy and my 1-year-old daughter LOVES the velcro sandwich pieces especially ! She takes them apart over and over again .
 We purchased this toy for our first flight home to see the grandparents . We were trying to come up with ways to entertain our 10 mo for ~ 4.5 hours in the air . We were sure glad we brought this in addition to books and snacks . Our dd was too excited to sleep on the flight so we had to constantly find ways to entertain her and this was perfect . It was a new toy to her and she was very excited by the colors sounds and smiley faces . she loved shaking the ice cream and pop which rattle and spent about 30 minutes putting together and pulling apart the sandwich . The watermelon is great , but too stiff for her to actually push in to beep -LRB- so it was not as interesting to her -RRB- . She also liked filling up and emptying the basket over and over . We used this on flights to and from and both times worked like a charm to keep her engaged for ~ 1 hour . It now sits among her other toys on a shelf and she pulls it down daily to play with it . She also uses the picnic basket to fill with other toys and carry them around . she also likes that the picnic basket is see-through and she can see what is inside . Very well done toy .
 Length :
 My six month old loves this toy . Items are soft and make fun noises . My only dislike is that the bottom of the lunch box is flexible plastic , which is a safety concern . I always make sure we play with this one together .
 These toys were extremely well made . I am very impressed at the craftsmanship . My 1 year old twins love playing with this set .
 This set is adorable - exactly what I was looking for for my daughter . She loves all the different noises it makes and it is perfect for her age -LRB- 7 mos -RRB- .
 I had this on my 10-month daughter 's Christmas list . We did receive it and it 's wonderful . She loves to shake the ice cream cone and hear the jingling sound . I 'm sure that when she gets older , she 'll use this alongside theAlex Jr. . I Can Cook Toy , which she also loves.The only thing I 'm not a huge fan of is the opening to the picnic basket . Once you have everything inside it , she finds it hard to get stuff out , but once her fine motor skills get better , I 'm sure it 'll be easier . A bigger basket would make things easier , though .
 Gave this to my one year old for her birthday . She loves taking things out of the basket and putting them back in , and LOVES pulling apart the sandwich ! When she gets a bit older and has a lay kitchen , this stuff will fit in nicely .
 This is a very cute play set . The ice cream cone contains a rattle and the sandwich contains crinkle paper . Our baby enjoyed this toy and I am well satisfied with how nice it is .
 This set is adorable . The items are very soft and perfect for little hands . I like the sounds the items make and the sandwich is great since it pulls apart .
 Super cute toy that I bought for my niece . I did n't realize the toys rattled and made noise which is great !
 Got this as a Christmas gift for my daughter from my parents & I ca n't get over how cute it is . My daughter loves the rattle noises & pieces of the sandwich .
 My baby loves playing with the pieces of this toy . I love that she will be able to play with this for many years even as she gets older . That is a huge bonus for this toy !
 Reliable store . Alfalfa is a natural mineral and vitamin supplement , and easy to grow . It contains calcium , magnesium , phosphorous and potassium , and many vitamins . It is rich in chlorophyll and is recommended to treat arthritis . It should be taken every day , and can take about 2 months for results to show .
 The alfalfa seeds arrived within a reasonable amount of time . They have successfully sprouted on the first attempt . I 'm a satisfied customer .
 Great price and quality of seed . healthy alternative to salads and fresher!Organic and sprouts great Good all round company !
 I have used half the shipment so far and am very pleased with the yield . Most of the seeds sprout and there 's very little waste . I would buy these again when I run out .
 Seems to be a good quality item , which fits bench perfectly . I also bought the matching chaise cushion which is very comfortable .
 What can I say ? I put sunflower seed in this thing and birds come and eat it . My main concern for the feeder was the size of the seed I like to use -LRB- sunflower -RRB- and where it was made . In the USA ! I did drill bigger drain holes in the bottom since I live in the Pacific Northwest and we see plenty of rain . Other than that , it 's great ! Been hanging out there for over a year now and still looks new . I 've put about 80 pounds of sunflower seed through it and it is holding up very well . Very nice feeder for the price .
 Update 11/4/2012 : ---------------- The birds never did take to this feeder very well with mixed seed . Just for the heck of it a couple of months ago we tried filling it with just black sunflower seeds . All of a sudden it was the most popular feeder in the tree . So , if you 're going to use this exclusively for sunflower seeds , it 's a winner.Original review : --------------- I thought I would try buying something a bit more sturdy than the normal cheapo tube feeders like you find everywhere , and I can say this one is nicely constructed and will probably last a long time.My only problem with it is the birds do n't seem to like it as well as the other feeders . I do n't know if it 's the color -LRB- my other ones are clear with red -RRB- or the perch itself . These have a different type of perch which does n't show well in the photo . Rather than a single bar , these have sort of a U-shaped 3-bar perch . I have three feeders in a plum tree in the back yard . The two $ 4 feeders empty 3-4 times as fast as this one . The birds usually only go to it if the feeding stations on the other feeders are occupied.At first I thought it might just be that they are n't used to the new feeder , but it has been out for a few months now and still does n't get nearly the traffic of the others . We get a lot of finches and sparrows , some chickadees , and various other birds as the seasons come and go . I would be interested to know if anyone else has experienced this .
 This is a good size bird feeder to put sunflower and other seed in . It hangs in our one tree in the back nicely .
 I used this Pool winter plug during the winter to plug the return pool water hole and also when I washed the filter during the summer , works great .
 Now I have a 270w & 430w HPS 's and my plants were never happier . I notice a big difference with the 30 % blue spectrum increase . The plants are very perky now !
 There are about 567,000 ways to get rid of moles - trapping , juicy fruit , human hair - but none of really seem to work consistently . I 've been using this product for about 8 years and it really works . -LRB- Testament to that fact is that I 've only gone through 2 containers in that time . -RRB- Also , because they are hard pellets , they 're easy to pour down the mole holes .
 It has a strong garlic sent . Put it in the hole and they will come to get it . It worked very well for me . If the problem comes up again I would purchase more .
 Seems to be a good quality item , which fits bench perfectly . I also bought the matching chaise cushion which is very comfortable .
 fun vase - great for most bouquets - I love the vibrant colors .
 I stumbled across this fertilizer a few years ago as I was looking for organic fertilizing options . I 've used it for four years on all of my indoor plants and my outdoor potted flowers once a week when I water . Besides being an excellent fertilizer , it wo n't burn the plant . I bought the Terracycle for my lawn and , although this is the first year I 've used it , I 'm quite happy with the results . I know they make fertilizer for orchids , cactus -LRB- I think -RRB- and vegetables , as some other specialized plants/flowers , but they do n't sell those on Amazon -LRB- I wish they would . -RRB- The product is obviously 100 % organic and they make their bottles from recycled pop bottles .
 I was impressed with the high quality of this stained glass hanging sculpture ; so much so that I have ordered 2 more for friends !
 We 've owned several of these over the years . We used to buy them locally but they 're getting harder to find . The only reason I give it 4 stars is that they tend to wear out fairly quickly , but at this price you 'd have to kinda expect that .
 I bought this as a gift for my dad 's birthday . The colors on the wings are vivid and really stand out . Upon opening it up I was concerned that the strings might not hold up against wind or that the blue weight on it might break the wings . However , my dad hung it outside and it has held up against several wind storms and rain . It glides through the air and adds to his outside patio . He is really enjoying it . Great product for the money .
 This is a cute bird . I gave it as a Christmas gift to my sister-in-law , and she really seemed to like it . It is a little heavier than it looks in the illustrations .
 mom loved it . it did seem alittle bland but like i said she liked it
 We got this tank to replace a backpack sprayer , as we 're both getting older and it is n't quite as easy to walk around and spray using the backpack , as we have over 2 acres . My husband mounted this tank on his quad , and he can cover a lot of area now without killing his knees and/or back . It 's made of tough , durable -LRB- thus far -RRB- plastic , and the hose is nice and long . The tank exceeds our expectations , and we would recommend it highly .
 Very happy with this sprayer so far . Has a switch on the pump and another on the power cable which is nice when you place the sprayer on a wagon . Does n't `` feel '' cheap like I thought it might for this low price .
 The first time my neighbor and I used this to spray the pond it saved more than enough to pay for itself compared to hiring the job done . It is uncomplicated and is powerful enough , and the spray pattern is adjustable enough , to adequately treat all areas of the pond . I placed the tank in my boat . filled it with the water and chemical and connected it to my trolling motor battery . Simple . I am very pleased with this purchase
 One of the best things that we own . We are too old to carry something around on our backs and especially something that needs to be pumped . My husband put it in one of our sturdy wagons . He hooked it to a car battery , hooked the wagon to the riding lawnmower and took off . He did about an acre in an hour . We could cover a lot more ground than we had the previous year . And very little fatigue . We love it .
 Great price ! I strapped this on the back of my ATV and ride around killing fire ants , and any other bugs that get in my way ! It 's an easy way to keep 3 acres under control !
 This is a nice sprayer . Product was as advertised . No problems to date I just plug it into my cigarette lighter and it sprays about a 15 foot stream or a 5 foot spray pattern . Would recommend .
 The 15 gallon tank is a convenient size to handle and cart around to spray weeds . It works perfectly with the 7 ' sprayer boom mounted on the back of the tractor cart holding the tank . Just what the I was hoping it would do !
 This sprayer works great . The intake hose needed to be shortened in order for the optional spray bar connection to line up , and was missing two hose clamps . Otherwise , I -LSB- 'd buy it again !
 I bought this unit , rigged it up with a 12V . battery and large wagon to spray 2/3 acre of grape vines . Sure beats cranking on a backpack pump . Great customer service from Precision Products , which I contacted when I discovered that the tank was slightly damaged .
 WELL MADE AND A FAIR PRICE . GOOD VOLUME FOR WORK ON SMALL THOUSANDACRE RANCH . WORKS WELL FOR KILLING LITTLE MESQIUTE .
 The size of the piece is as wonderful as the detail . Blue Jay has been soaring on my porch , in the spring winds , for several months , now . It is heavy enough to remain stable on gusty days , balanced enough for the wings to flutter , gracefully , on a soft breeze .
 Perfect size for the patio . I 'm giving this product as a gift . I think any gardener would appreciate this planter . Very cute .
 I am a container gardener . My apartment patio has north facing light . This is my second year container gardening . Last year most of my tomatoes did not produce at all . This year I was desperate to enjoy `` the fruits of my labor . '' About a month ago , I stumbled across this Green Light Organic Tomato Bloom Spray at my local Fred Meyer . I was really sceptical at first but I was desperate so decided to buy it and return it if it did n't work . I applied the product as instructed on the bottle and by the next morning my tomato blossoms had fruited ! I waited a couple weeks and sprayed the new blossoms and the next morning , once again , the blossoms that I had sprayed the night before had fruited . I now have over 40 Roma 's growing in one pot where as at this time last year I had tons of blossoms but none of my romas ever produced a single fruit . This product works .
 This was purchased as a replacement for a flapper that I accidentally broke . I have not seen it put up yet , but the recepient seemd to like it very much . It came packaged in styrofoam , and arrived without any breakage.Over all , I was very pleased with my order/service .
 I purchased this bird feeder for myself and absolutely love it . Heavy-duty ceramic and a nice bright turquoise , pink and red . It holds plenty of bird seed with a nice platform on the bottom to catch any seed falling out of the holes . I plan to purchase another one for a gift . -LRB- Watch for this to be marked down . I got it for considerably less than the $ 60 they are charging now -RRB- .
 I bought the glass flapper flamingo as a gift for someone and they loved it . It was a lot bigger than I thought it would be which was wonderful . The packaging of it could have been a little better . The nose was bent after taking it out of the box but luckily it was n't too bad . Overall very satisfied with my purchase , it was beautiful .
 I purchased this feeder for a gift after getting the blue striped one for myself . I like the colors of the other a little more but this one is really pretty , too . My in-laws will love it . I got it for considerably less than the $ 60 being charged now . Perhaps it will be marked down again . It has a purple and chartreuse striping on it and holds a lot of seed . There is a base to catch any seeds falling out . I do n't need to fill this one quite as often as my other feeders . Highly recommend .
 This is very nice . It helps protect my generator and keep it nice and clean . As the current seller states it is a cloth cover and not vinyl like Amazon shows . The dimensions are as described . The best part is that it is actually the name brand of Generac . Thanks !
 Ever though the write up on the chain appeared to be correct I did not do enough research and the cain received would not fit the chain saw I have . Before ordering I would check out several sites to make certain the chain being ordered is the correct one . I had to return this chain . It was my fault for not doing enough `` homework '' . It appears to me Amazon should list more specs on each chain being sold .
 If you have a husky saw , get the chain meant to be used on this saw.excellent product .
 Have a Husky Chain saw , so I decided to buy their chain . I installed and started cutting . worked great.Thanks Moose
 nice blade . as it should be . there shouldnt be a need for a review on sawblades . u either have the right size or you dont . bottom line is get the right replacement unit and your good . dont hit steel rocks or dirt and you can cut for hours . no need in spending 2x as much for a different blade .
 I have one of these which I purchased second hand at an estate sale for a fraction of the cost of a new one . With just an electric motor , I did n't expect it to do the work of a more powerful gas powered splitter . It has actually performed better than my expectations . It splits most logs 12 inches in diameter or less with no problems , and some logs even larger . I have found a few hard wood logs of about 12 inches that it just could n't split . I split these in half with wedges and a maul , and then it did the rest of the job with little difficulty . If it does n't have the power just tighten down the hex screw all the way . Unfortunately I tightened the lock nut on the hex screw too tight and twisted the screw off . But it still works just fine with plenty of power so I have n't bothered to fix this problem yet . Overall I am happy with my Yard Machine log splitter . Sure beats the heck out of doing it the hard way !
 I got my 4-48 SOB direct from the Mfg. I have had pits before from Texas and none compare to this one . First off the size of the SOB will let you cook anything and anyway you prefer . Want to grill -16 - rib-eyes no problem . Want to slo-cook -6 - slabs of ribs laying flat . . gofor it !! To get this size of pit from anyother pit mfg in the state of Texas will cost you double and big time shipping costs . The smoker box will let you slo cook all day long at 250 degrees . . just add a little briquets every hour and that is it . Some prople dont understand why I like large bbq pits . It is really quite simple . I like them for their flexability . You dont have to have the whole sucker full of food . But you have safe spots . You can sear steaks and chops and then move them to a cooler area to finish up . You can throw in two full briskets or a small pig with no problem . This pit is made to last . The body is 14 gauge steel and the door is 11 gauge . You get a top notch pit thermometer as well . There is no need to have a bbq to grill with and a smoker for lo and slo . The SOB does it all . If you want to do competition Que in your backyard get a SOB !! This pit is pound for pound the best around . I should know , I have just about had them all !!
 Got the 4f grill for my B-day and Love it . It is a solid heavy grill . has wheels on the bottom to move it around and lock it in place . Has a huge area for grilling and is completely rust free . The customer service is the best ever . Once again this is a 100 % USA MADE . It took me months to find a grill made in the USA . I did not want anything made in China . I had been through 2 China made grills and was sick of them falling apart plus there was not customer service . You can tell that the builder took alot of pride building this grill . It is a great conversation piece . Once I started grilling on this heavy duty grill all the other grills I would see in Lowes or Home depot seemed so flimsy and breakable . It comes with a smoker compartment and has adjustable openings on the side and on the chimney . Also there is a slot that pulls out and you can dump your ashes in about 20 sec . I got 2 containers of herbs and a detailed direction manual that included a recipe in the back for ribs and rub . Because it is so heavy when the top closes and it keeps all the smoke and heat in . I have to use half the normal coals becaues it stays hot 450 degrees for atleast 3-4 hours withougt replenishing . I would hightly recommend getting the custom fit cover for it . It fits like a glove and is a nice tan faux leather color.Downside and yes there is only one downside is that the grate is not adjustable , but since it has such a large grilling surface you can easily do indirect grilling so that compinsates for the non adjustable grate . Thanks SOB ! Your the BEST !!
 I own a 4 ft. Son of Brisket , now for about 10 years . Most people do n't like to cook with charcoal and the reason is , it 's hard to get the coals hot . But it 's easy if you know the trick , and the trick is to get some Weber Chimmey Starters and three sheets of newspaper . You turn the chimmey Starter over and stuff it with three sheets of newpaper and turn it back over and fill it with charcoal and light the newspaper on fire in about 20 to 30 minutes your going have some glowing coals ready for cooking . Now to get on with the review , the Son of Brisket is two products in one , depending on the configuration you want to use . You can grill or smoke with it , this is what makes it very unique and it 's easy to control the cooking temperture , due to it 's simple design . I have left my grill outside for 10 year 's and there are no signs of rust . The only problem I 've had is the temperture gauge stop working , notified Tiernan and they sent me one free of charge , now that 's what I call service . There 's nothing like pulling off , a couple of racks of fall off the bone ribs and the brisket so tender , that it will make a Great Dane want to turn around and kiss a bulldog . If I had to buy another grill , I 'd buy a Son of Brisket in a New York minute , bottom line .
 I ca n't give these a bad review , they are as advertised and shown , but they are much larger than I expected . I bought them with KD Tools 3703 Straight Hog Ring Pliers and these rings will not fit into the pliers . I had no idea what a # 3 hogring was . The pliers need to open one and a half inches for these to fit . Just be sure these are what you really want and that you get a tool large enough to handle them .
 These are a must for doing fence work around the house or the farm . I used these to make my own extra large tomato cages for the garden . Just used concrete wire and voila custom made four ft cages . Got ta have the tool as well .
 my wife is growing her own green juice she doesnt have to go to a health food stor this is a great company good product have everything you need to start to get your sprouts and good green juice
 I 've been sprouting since I received them in the mail . They take about 4 days to sprout . They are great on salads and sandwiches .
 Sprouted very well with few culls . Taste is what one expects from sprouts of this type . A good seed for those who are just getting into sprouting . My husband likes them & he 's a meat and potatoes guy ! Recommend them highly .
 These are So delicious and I do n't have to worry about pesticides or `` cooties '' from store sprouts.I 've already grown 1 batch in a mason jar and 2 batches - in a Pasta Express macaroni cooker . I know it sounds weird but the Pasta Express is a great sprouter!It 's the middle of a loooooong winter in Upstate New York . These are a fresh , easy , nutritious joy .
 I had n't sprouted in over 30 years ! It was fun to come back to it . The sprouts are so delicious - I do n't know if it 's because they are fresher than those in the store or maybe just taste better because of the experience of sprouting them myself!I 'll definitely buy these again . But I wo n't need to very soon - it only takes a tiny bit to make a whole jar and the jar full of sprouts lasts a full week and still look and taste fresh !
 I used a piece of screen with a mason jar to sprout these , and it works great ! They taste awesome .
 If you 've never grown your own sprouts , you 're missing something wonderful . Takes a few days , but the taste is incomparable and they 're always fresh . Note that you do n't need any fancy sprouting equipment ; you can do just as well with a jar , some cheesecloth , and a rubber band .
 These seeds were fresh and sprouted easily first in a mason jar with cheesecloth , then I went back on Amazon and bought an Easy Sprouter . Either way works great . In 6 days you have your own fresh alfalfa sprouts to use in sandwiches and salads or just right out of the container!I start mine on Sunday
 What characterizes superior quality in sprouting seeds is a very high germination rate and vigor . These seeds had excellent vigor and near perfect germination . The airtight , clear plastic container with screw top adds to the value . I would certainly buy again .
 These alfalfa seeds sprout very well in a glass jar , grow well , and taste just like the sprouts I get at the deli or grocery store . They arrived in a very sturdy plastic bag which I nestled into an airtight container for longer storage . A tiny amount of seeds generate so many sprouts , I can see this one pound bag lasting me a year or more . After about 4 days of rinsing and draining , I spread them out to dry then transfer to an airtight container in my refrigerator ; they remain crisp , green , and flavorful for well over a week . I could n't be happier with these seeds .
 I love spourts , and these are just wonderful , they are also great for teaching , as I used them with my homeschooled children . They see quick results that they can eat within days ! This a great deal !
 Fresh alfalfa from these organic seeds is the way to go . I purchase alfalfa from the store all the time and the quality and freshness is rare . These are easy to grow and you always have fresh flavorful sprouts .
 Excellent taste - very decent sprouting rate . Sprouts come in within 3-4 days for great salad and sandwich additions . Big plus - they are organic . Shipment came in on time and I am very pleased with the seed .
 This bench was a perfect compliment to our new porch . Not only is it beautiful , but comfortable and sturdy to boot !
 In response to the negative reviews on this bench stating they only last 5-6 years , I would like to say that a bench that lasts only that long would be expected if the wood is not maintained . I have owned several wooden benches , including this Iris Bench , and every couple of years I simply re-coat with a water-seal product and they typically last for many years ... BUT , if you do n't , then I would believe that @ 5 years would seem a fair use expectancy , also depending on what kind of weather they are exposed to.For the price , this bench was a good buy . Mine is still in good shape ... and ... I 've had it more than 5 years .
 The cover is fairly weather resistant . It keeps the furniture clean and did n't get moldy but it rips fairly easily if it chafes against an edge . My covers held up well for one season but will need replacing next year . Not bad for the money .
 Excellent addition to the two Kipor Generators I purchesed for our new 5th wheel . This will keep us cool on the times we do n't have power and mother nature thinks we need extra heat in the summer . We can run the A/C with no issues . Very easy to hook up .
 I tried these and was very happy with them . I purchased some from my local natural foods store , and the seeds from the Sprout House were far superior .
 New seeds can make a big difference in your sprouts . With these seeds , I needed less seeds for a big crop of healthy sprouts . Very good price .
 I was very pleased with these seeds . They were clean and had an excellent germination rate.A quarter cup of seeds yielded a fully packed quart of delicious sprouts in 5 days .
 If you love broccoli as much as I do , or just want to be healthy , buy this !
 Bought these to sprout and add to salads , soups and the like . They sprout really well . In fact , it 's easy to sprout too many if you 're not careful . I typically use a 1 gallon freezer bag with a couple of wet paper towels . Spread 1 tablespoon of seeds on the paper towel , fold over the top of the seeds -LRB- or use another seperate piece of wet paper towel -RRB- and place in the bag . Much easier than using a jar and you do n't have to mess with it until they are ready to eat .
 Just a little in the bottle and it yields a lot !!!! I choose to sprout broccoli seeds the most because they are one of the most nutritiously dense foods even more so than broccoli itself .
 at first i had some issues getting them to sprout but they finally did and after 6-7 days i had abundant sprouts and they are great mixed with alfalfa but i dont like them straight they must be mixed for my taste these are so healthy and cheap compared to buying lettuce with pesticides and gmo crap sprouting is the wave of the future and i wish i knew about this 20 years ago
 I got what I expected quickly.Broccoli sprouts themselves are a little tricky ; if you 're a newbie to broccoli sprouting do n't blame the seeds if you do n't get a good result first try . Make sure you soak them for 24 hours and , after rinsing , DO NOT leave them sitting in water ; keep them moist but not submerged in water . In 3-5 days you 'll have a jar full of delicious sprouts !
 I am not sure why these are so hard to find these days . Something about spoiled sprouts in the store I guess but these are fantastic !
 It was a good price . The germination rate is excellent . The shipping was quick . I would buy from Todd 's again .
 First time I sprout broccoli . It 's easy and fast . I 'm very satisfy with this product . I will definitely buy this product again .
 The seeds grew well with little seed waste . They do taste a little like radishes , so if you do n't like the taste of radishes , you may want to stick with the milder tasting alfalfa sprouts . Good product .
 Reliable product - high percentage sprouted ! Get the easy sprouter to go with this product if you do n't already have it . I ordered these two products and they arrived the next day !
 My fiance 's doctor told him to eat more broccoli sprouts so I got these . Made sprouts quickly , about 3-4 days . Tasty sprouts with strong flavor , good mixed with other sprouts or salad greens . Shipping was fast and they arrived well packaged , now I 'm a sprout addict and I want to make all kinds of sprouts ! Love them !
 Excellent - easy to plant - use a mason jar with a nylonrubberbanded onto the end . -LRB- take the lid off - the nylonis now your `` top . '' Takes about 5 days .
 We enjoy broccoli sprouts and these seeds make a wonderful sprout ! Very happy with them . They seemed very fresh !
 I am very happy with these seeds . High yield , in my opinion relatively mild flavor for broccoli sprouts and Rita the Sprout Lady at Sprout House provides cheerful , great , fast service . If you eat broccoli sprouts or want to , sprouting your own is the way to go . Much less expensive than buying the sprouts at the grocery store and the quality of your own sprouts will be superior - much fresher and crisper.UPDATE
 Although it may be a bit of work I am psyched to be able to grow my own food . Sprouts are great for you and these are organic seeds to boot . I have a glass jar sprouter -LRB- bio-snacky -RRB- and get a yield every four days . Perfect filler for salads and wraps . Less facebook farming more sprouting people !!!
 For years I 've bought broccoli seeds to sprout at my local health food store , which is actually 50 miles away . And all they had was 4 oz jars at high prices.Seeing the negative reviews here , I was a bit put-off but decided to try these anyway , if they were good , I could save a lot of time and money . -LRB- we have amazon prime -RRB- Very glad I did.When I got them , first thing I did was weigh the bag on my exactly-accurate postal scale . With the bag and tie , it weighed in at 1.7 pounds . I do n't feel cheated paying for the bag.After sprouting several batches using just quart glass jars with screen and rubber band tops , I must say I 'm pleased with the results . Very few duds , these are almost 100 percent live.It 's November and our house is on the cool side so it takes a day or two longer than the recommended 5 days to eating time , but that 's not the seeds , that 's our cool house.And my son , who is super picky about what he eats , loves these . He especially loves them in sandwiches with Grey Poupon mustard . I eat them right out of the jar , yum!I 'll be buying these as a regular deal .
 My local Health Food store wanted $ 48 for a pound.This is the first time I ever tasted Broccoli Sprouts ... great Taste and I 'm going to order more .
 These are very healthy seeds for parrots , and hard to secure unless you are willing to buy in huge quantity.I appreciate the availability in a usable amount .
 Got seeds fast . Did n't really have instructions but thats ok , I put them in my sprouter like other seeds and they did find , made good size sprouts in about 5 days . Tried them in dirt also and that worked great , but was a little messier to harvest . Great value , and sunflower sprouts are so good !
 Thse are black sunflower seeds for sprouting . You can feed birds with it , but they do well with cheap stuff and you will want this to sprout for your own food . You can grow and transplant some to a place in the yard and grow them oganically . Peas and sunflower sprouts are sweet and very tasty . Enjoy them . Sprout House is a great supplier of organic seeds for sprouting . Sunflower seeds as microgreens are sweet .
 These things taste great ! Ive got the whole family eating sprouts now ! Taste great with a little dressing on them like a salad .
 Some people may think it 's odd . I think it 's very cool . Very unique product compared to those standard looking solar lights .
 This was a gift to a friend of mine and they loved it . It lights up their life :-RRB- A great gift idea for the yard of any gnome lovers out there ...
 Bought it as a gift for someone that collects gnomes . She loved it . I like how it glows at night and needs no batteries .
 Product shipped on time . They fit without a problem and now our tiller is back up and working . I am a happy customer . Thank you .
 perfect fit , just like factory product . my son-in-law used tiller to replace front lawn , said it worked like a champ . fast shipping , would purchase from this company again .
 I find that a given repellent will work in varying degrees for different populations of the same animal . The gray squirrels here in my yard in semi-rural Ohio are definitely not fond of this product and most of the year it keeps them off my woodpecker feeders . However this may not be the case for Georgia gray squirrels , other species , or even those in the next county ! -LRB- Must reapply often , when seed bar or suet gets nibbled down . -RRB-
 My neighbor 's dog likes to charge our fence and bark aggressively when he sees us nearby -LRB- scares my kids -RRB- . I sprayed a thin layer of Scoot Squirrel along the top of the fence , and the dog would n't go near it . After a few minutes he gave barking all together . Though not the intended application , it worked great and did n't hurt the dog .
 We bought to replace an old one exact hp it has been working great . I only had a little bit of a problem , I was hoping the old connector would be identical as the new but they were so there was extra work and costs to modify but all in all it has been working great for the past month .
 Bought this to replace a pump that went bad . Was an exact match , EXCEPT for the connections to the pool plumbing . This unit has threaded connections , while the old unit had cam locks . Required some plumbing to make it work .
 These have a very hot taste , like very hot radishes . Great to put on otherwise bland sandwiches . They sprout fast , and keep well in the fridge . Not all sprouts are created equal , and these smaller seeds seem to work the best -LRB- also broccoli , alfalfa , etc -RRB- . After having sprouts for awhile , I use less and less lettuce . And you have your own supply always brewing . Home grown sprouts are crispier and juicier than the store bought variety . Yum .
 These seeds sprout very quickly and they are very tasty . I love them in salads and on sandwiches , or even just a garnish on the plate .
 We received our yard cart in a timely manner and set it up in a matter om minutes . My wife and I are quite pleased with it and like the balance of the cart and the ease of its use . It should serve us well for years to come .
 Now I could help my husband with those heavy duty outdoor projects!This item is easy to push . A full load that has practically no weight to it because of the way this wagon is built . Wheels very easily . quick delivery too .
 I received the Yard Cart in 4-days . It was easy to assemble ; all parts were included and instructions were clear . This replaced a 30-year-old Sears metal yard cart of similar size and design . This cart is well-balanced even when empty or full . It is easy to push/pull and is exactly what I wanted !
 This is exzactly what I was looking for it is very light weight but does the jobs I wanted it for . There is no back strain because the handle height is just at the level where you do not have to bend over . Very happy with this purchase .
 We brought this garden cart to our cabin and use it nearly every day to haul weeds and brush . It 's lightweight and rolls easily and the price was right . We love it .
 This is very easy for me to use because it is so light and has nice big wheels.It was missing one washer for the wheels and I just put it together without it . The end cap of one wheel kept coming off . Fortunately , there were extras so I pounded it on and all is well.It is very deep and holds alot . My old beat up wheelbarrow is much shallower and sometimes that it easier . It 's interesting all the differences in wheelbarrows that matter !!! It does n't seem to be worth the price except for the fact it is the lightest weight I could find and that is important to me .
 Maneuvering it took some getting used to but now I find the cart very handy and easy to use . Assembly is difficult for one person , I found myself wishing I had a third hand to accomplish some of the very awkward steps . Two washers were missing from my packet so I emailed the company and they sent some out but by the time they got here -LRB- over two weeks later -RRB- I had already bought two similar washers at the hardware store , completed the assembly , and begun to use the cart in ernest . I did a tremendous amount of clearing out with the help of aMintcraft Hoematic Cultivator 609728and my cart , and only stopped because the weather got too hot . I look forward to taking up where I left off in the fall . Meanwhile my trusty cart sits waiting in the shade of and locked to a big oak tree .
 This was purchased to replace a very old metal cart!Is one of the best purchases we 've made , easy to use and light!Love it !
 This cart is a replacement for my origial cart . I actually wore my first cart out . I enjoy it because it 's so much easier for me to use than a wheelbarrow .
 I have been looking for a cart like this one for years . I had a similar one that finally disintegrated from exposure in the yard . Many others that I could find were too small , too large , or the wrong shape .
 My wife loves this cart . Uses it daily for cleaning horse stall and picking up debris and leaves in the pastures . If you have any kind of neck or shoulder issues this is the cart for you . Did have to drill holes in axle and install cotter pins because the cap nuts provided did not say on . All ways falling off . Not a problem now . This cart is not made for heavy loads . I would not put over a 100 pounds in it . It is just a great little cart for light work/jobs .
 This product is so easy to pull around . I 'm thinking of buying another one . Excellent.I 'm 72 yrs . Old and it makes my yard work a lot easier .
 The unit was simple to assemble - assembly directions , though do n't mention 4 rather large washers . I had to disassemble the &#34; wheel assembly &#34; to put them where I &#34; think &#34; thery should go .
 This yard cart is a great value . we use ours as a beach cart for getting our chairs & cooler to the water when we go to the beach . It is light weight yet strong & the large diameter wheels make for realatively easy use in sand .
 I got this cart to haul wood pellet fuel from my storage room to the pellet stove in my family room.I can open and dump the 40 pound bags of pellets into the hopper , four or five bags at a time and wheel the cart to the stove . Before I had to carry the 40 # bags about 50 feet to the stove.The cart took me about 15 minutes to assemble , all parts included and fit well . I 'm sure it will be fine with my 5 cubic feet/200 pound loads of pellets.If you need an construction sight strength wheel barrow , this is NOT it . They do n't sell them for $ 58Also if you do n't know anything about operating machinery , stay away from this cart .
 The cart is reasonably priced , easy to assemble and ergonomically designed . We have used it to move lawn debris , mostly light weight and gravel , rather heavy . It is well worth the money .
 Works great - the hardware kit that comes with it was missing the screws for the handle -LRB- 1/4 '' Carriage bolts with thumbscrews -RRB- , was miising 2 of the 1/2 '' I.D. wheel axle washers and the handle/cart rest tubing is slightly different to assemble than the instructions . But it makes a good yard cart for raking up debtis , light weight but fairly sturdy .
 I ordered this cart and was pleased when it arrived in a timely manner . I could see the size and shape was exactly as I wanted to replace an old Craftsman cart that is no longer in the making . I started to assemble and parts were missing and even the axle was too long . I immediately called customer service and spoke with Missy who was extremely polite and apologetic and said she would Fed-ex all the necessary parts and they came within 2-3 days . I assembled it and I 'm a happy customer NOW ! Thanks to good customer service , a mistake was corrected and I didnt have to send the whole thing back . It 's a good looking cart . I had to scrunch the end caps to make them stay on but I like it .
 Love it . Great company to deal with . It arrived without an axle . I called the company and an axle arrived within a week .
 I think the price is very good for the product . When I received it , the hopper was cracked on one side ; it looked like a shipping problem . I contacted Precision customer service , who answered right away . I told them about the cracked hopper and they shipped me a new one , no big issue . It did take close to two weeks before I received the replacement hopper , but that was a minor issue considering they provided the replacement without hassle and at not cost . The tires are really high quality and the hopper holds a full bin of dirt - so , I do n't know the weight , but it does do the job I need it for well.Overall , a very nice tool .
 This cart is on Amazon from $ 70 to $ 150 . It 's worth about $ 30 tops . I bought it because I liked the flat front for raking material directy into the bucket . This is the only cart I 've found of its size that does that , however the load limits in the instructions are inaccurate and you can not get anywhere close to the declared limits of hundreds of lbs . The first time use I used it I had approximatly 100 lbs of dirt and when I tipped it to dump , the handle bent where the wing nuts are located . I fixed that with clamps , but now I have to be careful to only fill up with light material under 50 lbs . Also , the assembly instructions and diagram mention four washers for the axle , but the sealed bag only had two . Overall an adequate cart for very , very light yardwork of only a few dozen lbs . Tipping with a heavy load using handles will break the handles . Update
 This cart is light weight , durable and stable for doing light to moderate yard work . Does n't tip over when hauling sod .
 I have n't sprouted these yet but they are packed well and are keeping nicely . These plastc ontaners are very reliable for keeping sprouts . I have several others in other vegges and it is very good for stoing .
 After trying an MP120 pump that failed in less than a week , we tried the D250 ... First , the quality/weight diffference of the D250 was astounding . Triple the quality for a couple of dollars more . Weve been using it now for three months and it ' been completely reliable . Excellent.Update
 These are good quality seeds
 This fimco sprayer has done everything it says it will . Right out of the box and I was spraying after a few asembly steps . I used roundup pro which only requires 1.5 oz per gallon . I used the sprayer at 40 psi and about ten days later not a weed anywhere in my burmuda , The hand sprayer worked great for the spots around shrubs and places where you do n't want overspray . This beats the heck out of the hand pump sprayer I have been working with for several years which was hit or miss .
 Absolutely beautiful and exactly like the in the picture . It was bigger than I expected too - I drape this over my massage bed and it adds such a wonderful energy to my healing room .
 This product is very easy to install , minimum amount of preparation . Has a very attractive appearance .
 I 've used lawn edging for a long time around my flowers , which is very extensive . This not only looks good , but is easy to install . I was using the black pound in type and could never keep it straight or one of the squirrels would knock it over . I 'm hoping this lasts for a long time and is from an `` old '' tried and true manufacturer .
 We heard the sounds of a new resident -LRB- many new residents ? -RRB- up in the attic . I bought this product assuming we had rats or mice . Gloved and prepped with paper plates , I went into the attic to offer my new guests some food . I threw a couple of blocks into hard to reach areas of the attic , and left a plate with five blocks near the opening . Five days later I went to check . Plate and food were gone , and one lone rat was dead about a foot away . Unfortunately , two other rats -LRB- perhaps even more -RRB- died elsewhere in the attic . The smell of dead rats is awful . I removed what I could -LRB- two out of ... ? -RRB- and put down more food.This product works in killing rats/mice . I highly recommend you ensure you have no holes in your walls in which the smell can come through -LRB- pipe openings in my bathrooms were my focus areas . -RRB- They do like water , but it evaporates too quickly in the attic ... did n't help me.If you do find a dead one , glove yourself and expect to see maggots . The smell will be strong ; try dryer sheets to mask it in the trash buckets outside . Keep the food available until it stays in one place for a few weeks -LRB- untouched . -RRB-
 We only put one bait bar out after seeing multiple rats near our compost pile . within a day the bar was gone and within a week we found dead rats . i love this stuff !
 I have been using this product since December 2009 . The product has all but done away with the mouse problem I had originally . Before I have a serious mouse problem in my garage , shop and out buildings . I place two bait stations in each area and now only occasionally see a mouse . I keep the stations filled on a reqular basis year round . I will be purchasing this product as needed in the future . The stations keep the baits out of touch and they have a good lock on them . Just be sure to place the stations in locations where pets and children can get at them . Better safe than sorry .
 We feed the birds and some rats moved in . We tried to catch the rats in live traps , but all we caught was our squirrels and chipmunks , which I had to let go on a daily basis . After some research on-line we purchased a `` Motomco LTD Rat Bait Station '' and a bucket of `` Motomco LTD 31255 Rat And Mouse Killer '' . Within two weeks the problem was solved , the rats were gone . We were worried about the squirrels and chipmunks and our dog , but none of them bothered the bait station . We are quite pleased , and have moved the bait station into our detached work shop for the winter to help with mice .
 Heavens forbid buying this stuff when you grocery shop , the price is outrageous . It seems to keep indefinately , provided you keep it dry . This quantity seems like a lot but if you buy it in the regular retail pack more than once or twice , you can save serious bucks , plus it works .
 I used this in the garden with the appropriate bait stations . Rodents stayed away from my tomatoes , and loved the product so much , they tried to chew the lid off of it while in my storage bin.Motomco LTD 31255 Rat And Mouse Killer
 This vac head is very nicely weighted which makes it easier to use since it is not constantly trying to `` float . '' I am very happy with this purchase .
 Very preased with this item , would buy again ! Easy to operate and does an excellent job as a spa cleaning tool and works good as a spot cleaning tool for a large pool .
 Its a fine head . Does the job for a decent price . Rubber edging came off - Who cares .
 READ REVIEWS AND WILL SAY THE ITEM IS QUALITY . PURCHASED A NAME BRAND ONE EARLY IN SEASON AND IT HAD BROKEN WITHIN A MONTH .
 I ordered this hoping that it would work better than the one that came with my pool . It does ! The weight of it keeps it on the bottom of the pool which makes it easier to use . I would recomend this to anyone looking for a new inexpensive vacuum .
 These adirondack seat cushions fit perfectly and help add more comfort for longer seating . Without the seat cushions , my husband would complain that the wood caused him back back pain after sitting for a period of time . Now , he can sit longer and his back does n't hurt . I bought 2 of these and we enjoy sitting in our chairs on a beautiful night a lot longer then we used to .
 When I found these cushions for a crazy low price of $ 17.00 each , when all of the others with same brand , same style , but other patterns were selling for triple the price , I was very worried about the quality I would receive . To my delight , the cushions were top quality Sunbrella cushions just as advertised , they are super comfortable and fit my resin adirondack chairs perfectly . They even include a nice plastic strap to secure to the back of the chair to insure that the cushion does not slide down or out of place . Thanks Amazon for another great deal !
 These cushions are well made and very comfortable . After looking all over for Adirondack chair cushions and finding that many of them are very , very expensive , it was great to find these . I would encourage anyone to buy them ; you will not regret it .
 Sunbrella fabric , so I know from experience that they will not fade in our hot Arizona sun . I bought 4 of these for my adirondack chairs . They are very well made . I ordered them from Amazon , and they came from a company that is owned by Home Depot . I got the same sale price that is listed in the catalog that came with them , with the free Amazon Prime shipping . There are 2 `` cons ''
 It is so much easier to dump & rinse these than to try to get little pieces of grass or &#60; ugh &#62; pieces of dead frogs out of the skimmer basket .
 I have used this product for several years to repel earwigs and other chewing insects on my new annual plants . I even have pictures of eaten leaves with are replaced by new growth without damage . This is great because it is ready to use and light in weight , therefore more likely to be applied immediately after planting . For those interested , this product is organic .
 This is a fantastic product ! I have been buying Deer Off for years ; this is the best price I can find . The 2.5 gallon concentrate is the most economical size.Deer Off is very effective at keeping deer from my landscaping . I live on 6 wooded acres , two of which are landscaped . Deer are forever in our yard . Neighbors always ask why deer eat their plants but leave mine alone.As to the issue of clogging your sprayer ... I too use to have this problem . The solution is to pour the Deer Off through a fine mesh sieve and into a 4 cup glass measuring cup before mixing with water . This will hold back the small particles which clog the sprayer . Since using this technique I have never had a sprayer clog again.I highly recommend this product .
 This is the first year my tulips have got more than an inch tall . In previous years they have been rapidly devoured by the abundent rabbits and deer . The concentrate mixes easily and so far has n't clogged the nozzles when left in the sprayer , though they do warn of that happening . My bottles do not say Deer-Off II -LRB- see other review -RRB- - they look just like the picture above , just got one this week -LRB- April 2011 -RRB- .
 Whew , what a relief , I have used Deer wrap , Human urine and Garlic , the only thing that deterred the deer was this stuff . The 1st year I bought a small bottle , it worked so well , that for the past two years I have purchased the 32 ounce concentrate . I had an old deck sprayer that had never been used , and I mixed half the concentrate , with 7 parts water and applied it liberally . Each year on Halloween I use it , and it lasts all winter with no re-applications . This Deer Off is all I will ever use on my trees and shrubs .
 We 've used Deer-Off for several seasons in our garden in a rural area of southern Wisconsin . It really does prevent deer from sampling our garden and keeps racoons from digging up newly planted plants . It 's pretty stinky , so you need to use a little care when mixing and applying . It washes off clothing and hands readily.You 'll need to re-apply Deer-Off periodically , particularly after rains.We apply it using an inexpensive , hand-pressurized plastic garden sprayer . They 're available for around $ 25 at home improvement centers
 I have lots of hostas and lots of deer . I use this product 2-3 times a summer -LRB- depending on how rainy a season it is -RRB- and the deer leave my hostas alone . Without protection , the deer mow the hostas to the ground . This is better than some other products in that it dries clear and thus does n't detract from the beauty of the foliage .
 We tried a couple of items but this is perfect for cleaning out the stall and the barnyard . It does n't pick up too many wood chips and will work in light grass . They are also light ... as is my wife .
 Although the skimmer basket is slightly different from product illustration , it appears to fit well and sufficient for it 's intended purpose .
 Fits Dough Boy wide mouth skimmers and actually better then there 's it 's not as fragile , more rubber then stiff plastic I definitely recommend it and just like Arnold Schwarzenegger use to say I 'll be back !
 Used this to replace a factory Dough Boy skimmer basket -LRB- skimmer is Skim-Line 0-2094-013 -RRB- . Fits the skimmer opening perfectly and seems to be a lot more rigid and sturdy . Has the added bonus of a weight in the bottom to help keep it down . Nothing not to like .
 Great scoop , well built , strong . I have tried plastic scoops in the past which only lasted a few months before breaking .
 This is just what I needed at my beach rental house - Only now starting to yellow after 3 years .
 the Makita brush cutter model EM4250 is a high quality product . the material and manufacturing is first rate . the 4 cycle engine is a pleasure to use , especially not having to breathe 2 cycle exhaust smoke . it does a great job on grass , or small brush and is very quiet compared to other 2 cycle weed eaters I have owned . I 'm having a little trouble starting it when it 's hot , but I 'm sure I 'm doing something wrong . very pleased , great product and great price .
 I purchased a Makita brush cutter model EM4250 3 years ago . I use it commercially for my rental propertys . The trimmer has lots of power , and is very quiet while operating . I use 10 W 30 synthetic oil for increased engine life . Still have the original spark plug in trimmer and it starts easy and operates great . This is one quality piece of equipment . Never had to repair anything on this trimmer . I am very happy I purchased this product .
 I have owned this product for about three years now on a couple of acreage properties . The gas-powered brush cutter has performed well and has helped me get into areas that I ca n't access with my tractor 's brush-cutter . Even though I may not use it for months at a time , when I do it 's for hours of continuous use . It starts right away and cuts extremely well . Durable and lightweight , the ability to fuel up with regular unleaded gas is a great plus ! It has plenty of power and is a great tool to have around the property ! If you have some tough cutting to do , this equipment wo n't let you down !
 This brush cutter has worked perfectly for the past several years . I am not a professional landscaper so it only gets occasional use but it seems well enough built to handle anything I would use it for . Starts easily and runs great .
 You can pay $ 400.00 for the makita , or $ 400.00 for the new Honda HHT35SUKAT which is a 35cc gas -LRB- no mix -RRB- unit with much better reviews than the Makita.I have nothing to say about the Makita as I have never owned it.I own a lot of Makita equipment -LRB- Drills , saws , etc. -RRB- and love them all , but the Honda has a lot more power and has a much better rating than the Makita.I bought mine at Northwest Power Tools for $ 399.00 as Amazon does not carry any Honda equipment .
 We bought this stuff over a year ago and just now using it . We have pigs and cows on the farm . The flies were setting on the pigs by the hundreds each . I put some one the ground outside the homes and saw hundreds dead within an hour . If there 's something better , tell me , but I 'm getting a lot of bang for the buck .
 Do not forget to get all the parts you need to complete the job . Part was right price and shipped on time .
 I was happy product arrived earlier than expected . Description was correct . Worked just like it was supposed . No complaints here .
 While it is a tad shorter then the OEM it works fine and the price was great when compared to the OEM part from Sears .
 After I bought this bird feeder I immediately filled it up with seed and hung it outside . The birds started eating from it within the hour . I have seen several different types of birds eating from the feeder including the larger birds . Along with the attractive appearance , the feeder is very functional . I would recommend it to others .
 This is a very nice basic meat thermometer . The dial marks go from 135 F to 185 F . The face has cooked temperature suggestions for different types of meat . The silicon rim is octagonal , so it stays when you set it down - no rolling off the cabinet . The silicon also means that you wo n't burn your fingers if you forget and grab for it with unprotected fingers after it has heated up . I have the black one , but it 's available in other colors if you obsessively match your kitchen accessories.It seems to read accurately , and fairly rapidly . You need to stick it into the meat at least halfway along the probe for it to read well , but I have n't had a problem with angling it into smaller cuts of meat.It 's not as nifty as some higher-cost digital thermometers with all the bells and whistles . But this definitely has advantages over the basic all-metal , round-dial meat thermometer and at a very comparable price .
 This is a very powerful saw for the weight . A comparable Stihl is about 50 % heavier and when you have a lot of wood to cut the lighter weight is worth the extra money . The saw has served me well cutting up many > 30 '' oak , maple and ash trunks and lots of smaller trees and fallen timber . The chain oil dispenser is leaking a bit but the saw has also been used extremely hard for several seasons . I have worn out 4 or 5 chains already and I have switched to a carbide tip chain -LRB- Really worth its hefty price ! -RRB- The saw looks really beat up but still starts on the first pull and runs like a champ . Only complaint
 I did alot of research before buying a saw . I looked at alot of different modles . I chose this saw without looking at it but only from the reviews that I read -LRB- if you look long enough online you will find some -RRB- . I am really glad that I went with this saw . It is well made and runs great . Just make sure you buy the right saw for your needs . This may be big for some people . if it is bigger that what you are looking for try the Makita modle a little smaller that this with the 18 '' Blade and 50cc 's . You will not regret buying this saw . My best purchase in years .
 Length :
 From the reviews that I read , I was concerned about my ability to operate this chain saw safely . When I read the owners manual , I was even more concerned . However having used it now for a few days taking down 4 large Ash trees and cutting them into 18 '' rounds , I am happy to say that while it certainly is a lot more saw than my old Craftsman 18 '' 46cc saw , it is no more difficult to handle and control . While it is not Makita 's fault , I did spend a bit of time looking for fully synthetic 2 cycle oil for the 50 to 1 mix , but I was able to locate a supply nearby . Using 91 octane gas is also a new twist that caused me to buy an additional gas can . However , I think it is worth it as the saw seems to run really clean . I definitely think it was worth the money .
 Well constructed , started easily , did n't leak , smart placement of everything and really cuts . The only thing holding it back from 5 stars is that I have n't used it long enough to talk about longevity -LRB- though the fact that home depot fills its rental fleets with these speaks well to their lifespan -RRB- and I though the chain loosens too easily . However , the the price , you are in the area of the big boys ...
 I 've had the Makita 64cc saw for 2 years . It is top quality , German made -LRB- Dolmar in Hamburg -RRB- . Faultless reliability , lots of power . Easily handles heavy oak and maple logs . I would not hesitate to buy this saw again .
 Great saw ! Took me a while to find a case for it since it would not fit the Stihl or Husky cases . I even tried the large boxy cases . I ended up getting a soft Echo case for it . There is some weirdness in the manual about using 2 different sized files for sharpening the chain but other than that it 's not much different from other saws . It has a little plate that can be used to divert hot air to the carb for cold weather use . Though this is a large powerfull saw it is light and manageble . In the first tankfull I made about 30 cuts thru some really large oak logs!I might get out there and use it again today !
 As my 5th chainsaw , I must say that the Makita DCS6401-20 has been by far the best saw I have ever used . Since I purchased it , I have cut down about 30 trees of various size to include a couple large ones . Eventhough this was a little bit more expensive than the comprable Stihl , I am so glad I spent the extra money and bought this one . The Makita DCS6401-20 is a durable , powerful , professional grade saw - and not to mention it looks pretty bad *** ! I would recommend this saw to any homeowner in need of a saw for heavy cutting .
 I have just completed cutting 5-6 cords in the last month to burn this winter . Before this saw I used a 18in poulan wild thing ... There is absolutly no compairison ! I have been cutting 12-25in oak , poplar , hackberry , dead elm , and shag bark hickory . This saw slices through all them them literaly like a hot knife through butter ... Ok maybe not that quick but it is a substantial improvement over the little $ 100 saw i had before.The saw is all of 15lbs with the 20in bar on it ... If you are a novice to chainsaws i would recommend a using a smaller saw first to get the handle of a chain saw before moving into something this big . This is not a small limber saw so i would n't recommend taking it up a ladder to trim trees either ... I am 6 ' 3 '' and 250lbs and it does wear my arms out after cutting for an hour or so . Remember this is a commercial grade saw that will last 20-30 years easy if you take care of it ... not a $ 100 wal-mart saw!I chose this saw over a Stihl and Husquvarna because you get more power for less money -LRB- stihl ms362 $ 650 , husky 357xp $ 670 -RRB- . It came highly recommended on several online chat rooms by professional tree fellers . It has several cylinder and piston upgrade kits on the market for $ 100 - $ 140 to upgrade the saw to a 79cc or even 84cc saw . There is also a pro-grade 2 stage air cleaner kit for it -LRB- part number 957173400 -RRB- . This saw is made by Dolmar which is a professional saw company from Germany . Many professional tree services use Dolmar saws for their quality and price . My local Grasshopper mower dealer sells them in fact!Now for the bad ... You wo n't be able to find a case/box to fit it ... I bought the $ 30 hard case from Northern Tool -LRB- Item # 190700 -RRB- and used a heat gun to `` soften '' a few spots inside so I could mold them to fit . I used the 20in Makita sheeth that came with the bar instead of the bar cover that came with the northern tool chainsaw case . It works great and looks good ! You just have to push the safty blade engage down before putting it in the case . Hopefully Dolmar will get with it and make a case for their larger saw line soon ! Well that is my only complaint ... the case ! LOL pretty silly but i like to keep everything clean and together ... Also if you do get this saw I would recomend getting a large maple syrup bottle for your bar oil . I used to put mine in a dawn dish liquid bottle so i would n't spill it all over the saw , but I have found it 's too small for the job now . The bar oil chamber is very large -LRB- 0.40 L = 13.5 oz -RRB- , and can drain a smaller bar oil bottle very quickly if you are out cutting for a day ... I would also recommend a depth guage , raker file , and round file so you can touch up your chain if you hit the dirt or something hard ... I was n't used to how fast this saw cuts and hit the dirt a time or two ... Highly recommend for anyone who is going to be using a their chainsaw seasonally for fire wood or for a professional that cuts dayly ... any parts you need can be found through dolmar under the Dolmar 6400 chainsaw since they are the same thing with a different color/name .
 Okay , I 'm a wife that knows absolutely nothing about chainsaws except that my husband has several and uses them frequently . So for Christmas I decided to do a very dangerous thing and purchase him a new chainsaw . The only thing I had going for me was that he loves Makita tools - thinks they are wonderful and was not disappointed with this chainsaw.I read all of the reviews for this saw that I could find along with others for other brands -LRB- which he has -RRB- . It did n't arrive before Christmas - my fault for waiting too long to bite the bullet and order it . Anyway , he opened a picture of it I had printed out and needless to say he was like a kid waiting for Christmas until it arrived . Luckily , it got here a day early and yes he left work early so that he could come home and start cutting wood!He said it 's awesome . Something about the weight to power ratio being excellent . For you avid users of chainsaws I 'm sure you know what this means - that is if I am restating it correctly.Bottom line - it is a wonderful product and we would highly recommend - you wo n't go wrong !
 I do landscaping which includes trees -LRB- of course . -RRB- This is my go to saw . I have Stihls , Echos and this Makita . I use this saw the most for cutting up trees , bucking . It 's not a huge commercial Stihl but it will do the deal on most residential jobs . For limbing I use a Echo CS-305 -LRB- ca n't find anymore , thin kerf , super light ! -RRB- or my CS-360T . Both light and easy saws . The Makita works perfectly . Starts right after the first burp with the choke . If you 're having trouble starting this saw then you need to read the directions . Maybe turn it on ; the red switch ? This saw is a Dolmar in a Makita skin . Wails through logs with ease . Like any saw , keep it clean , oiled and sharp and you 'll be a happy camper . Makita replaced this saw with 6421 to comply with EPA standards . It 's a 64 CC saw but after the warranty is up you can slap on a big bore kit from Baileys to bang it up to 84CC . You will not be sorry if you get one of these saws .
 Wow ! I have just started using this saw and it works great . Rips right through the biggest trees . Very well designed and should last for many years .
 Received from Amazon for a great price of $ 484.00 with free shipping and not tax , the saw came really fast . Took about 15 min to put saw together and put in Oil and Gas . Pullet the rope and started on second pull . Saw looks great , and has enough power to cut most any tree . I will get a 24 '' for it cuz easier to limb without bending over , plus it has lots of power to support it . Got ta get a case for it , and I have seen one at Lowes -LRB- Orange for Husky -RRB- that most likely fit it , along with room for additional needs -LRB- Chain Oil , Extra chain ETC -RRB- . This is my 3rd saw , first was a Husky 372 -LRB- more than 10 years ago -RRB- , polan pro -LRB- What a waste , got it last year -- tried to save a bit of money -RRB- . I have ran it on 40-1 to break in , but have decided to keep using the same mix cuz afford lots more lubrication . Do n't be afraide of this saw , , , heck its made for Makita by Dolmar our of Germany , , , same as the Solo and Dolmar models .
 This is a great chainsaw with tons of power . Starts easily and easy to operate . I rented one from HD to clean up a tree that had fallen and had to buy it . It ran through a 20in oak like butter .
 As you can tell from the other reviews , the MAKITA DCS6401 is a great saw . Made by Dolmar for Makita , it is mechanically the same as DOLMAR PS-6400 . Before this one I bought a smaller Dolmar PS-5100S that I 've been happy with . Now I generally leave the older , smaller saw for my wife or teenagers to use as I prefer this saw . One of the neat things about it that I have not seen mentioned in the other reviews is that you can install an aftermarket BIG BORE kit on it , which provides even more power . I intend to do that with mine when the cylinder eventually wears out .
 My experience was limited before buying this . This product may carry a Japanese name but it is made by an very old , revered Germsan chain saw builder and it shows.I think short blades can invite problems . 20 inches allows you to avoid using the tip too much which leads to dangerous kick back very often . The physical weight of a larger model actually helps as you cut.The motor size heps you get jobs done , place you at less risk , too . The bargain hunters are willing to cut corners on the wrong things . Safety , build , balance ... from a good company translates into a safer life.read about all the hurt and stitches others get and you will appreciate what I am saying . Save money on other products , not this.Get all the clothing to keep you safe too . This is not a toy , this is the best .
 ANYONE WHO HAS CUT LARGE JUNIPERS KNOW WHAT A CHORE THIS IS . THE MAKITA DCS6401-20 MADE CUTTING 2 & 3 FT IN DIA DEAD & LIVING ALAGATOR JUNIPERS MUCH EASIER THAN ANY OTHER SAWS I HAVE USED . I EVEN CUT A STUMP OFF 18 IN FROM GROUND & SLABED A TRUNK TO GO ON TOP TO MAKE A BENCH . YOU CANT GET CREATIVE WITH A SAW THAT WORKS THE OPERATOR , THANKS MAKITA FOR MAKING A WELL BUILT EASY TO USE CHAINSAW .
 After renting one of these beasts from Home Depot , I had to have one . After years of using Craftsman/Poulan & Mccullough , I am finally satisfied with my chainsaw . I get so excited when I find a job to do that I often volunteer to cut fallen trees for strangers . I would suggest that you check with your local Home Depot rental sales before buying a new saw . They retail for around $ 700 but Home Depot sales them after about 2 yrs of rentals for $ 200 or less . I recently purchased a Stihl Chromized Tip chain & it improves the cutting & lasts longer than reg chains . The price is hefty but worth every cent . Cuts even faster & lasts much longer without dulling . Go ahead & buy this saw ... you wo n't regret it .
 Great Chain Saw , the best I have ever had . It starts easy , is very powerful and cut throuth big trees fast . I am definately glad I bought this one instead of some of the cheaper ones I was looking at . The shipping was also fast and I got it sooner than expected .
 i have a husky and a still this saw surpasses both in every way power to weight ratio is much better so far i would rate it as one of the greatest saw values !
 Very nice saw . At times takes a little practice to get it started after sitting a while , but runs and restarts great . Was disappointed that it did n't come with a carrying/storage case considering the price . My cheap saws included them . Overall , though , a great saw , very powerful .
 This is a fine piece of commercial equipment . You have a tiger by the tale and it rips even hard woods . I read the review about this unit being a piece of crap . It may be he got the one that day that came off the line with a defect , it happens . I think more likely the suction head was clogged or the air filter needed cleaning or bad spark plug . If you use this saw alot or in his case at a rental place I highly recommend you replace these items at least once a year . There is a big discussion among the so called experts about the effect of gas additives on all equipment and it gets confusing . One thing that seems to get me some good running machines is adding a gas stabilizer such as stabil -LRB- available on amazon -RRB- to every container I buy and I run my equipment once in a while for 10 to twenty minutes to keep the fuel system clean . This seems to really help !! By the way I aint no machanic and basicly lazy , however I want my stuff to go when I need it . The suction head is a small fuel filter in the bottom of your gas tank and before you freak out its easy as pie to replace . When gas is empty take a flashlight and you will see it down in the corner -LRB- I used a long hemostat I purchased reasonable on amazon -RRB- pull it out , its got a long tube so its easy , throw it out and just put the new one on the tube end and drop it into place , with this I replaced the cloth filter with a hard plastic one along with a new spark plug . Starts easily , runs great . I think I spent under thirty bucks to have my chainsaw run great and please keep your chain sharp . No excuses . Dremel has an attachment to sharpen most chains for under 10 dollars . A retarded monkey can do it easy . -LRB- availble on amazon -RRB- the attachment , not the monkey !!! Be safe , either dress properly , eye and ear protection or do what I did , teach the old lady how to use it !!! Dont even ask , I was kidding , she wont do it . Shes waiting for you to kick anyway so she can entice her new boy toy with your cool tools . Last suggestion , find a way to take it with you . No joke , more then worth the money . Amazon offers some great tools , go for it !!!!
 The saw arrived quickly ... completely wrapped for safety . Was easy to install on my saw handle . I have used it three or four different days ... the blade is sharp andworks well .
 The product described above came to me in a timely manner and it is a very efficient tool for pruning tree branches and small tree limbs in my backyard . Interestingly , this particular size is difficult to find in many stores but fortunately , working with AMAZON , it is not a problem . I would definitely recommend this product to those individuals who would like a quality replacement blade for their bow saw .
 We have tried many , many foggers -LRB- and other flea/tick control items -RRB- and the majority of them were a big waste of money . This fogger was recommended by a veterinarian during a really bad flea season . They 'd sold out of it and I had to track it down on Amazon . It . WORKED . In fact , I was stunned at just how well it worked . The fleas vanished . We were able to get the house under control again , which is no easy feat some years , as the majority of pet owners know.I 'm really disappointed that Amazon no longer carries it -LRB- as of July 2010 -RRB- , but I was able to find it from a legit pet store in Missouri with a website.If you 've had a tough time finding the right kind of fogger , definitely track this down and try it . Most sites have it for around $ 6 . Vet offices tend to charge $ 15 - $ 20 .
 For the last 7 years , I 've heated my home 90 % with wood and the remaining 10 % with gas . I 've gone through several chainsaws , including Craftsman and Husky . Last year My 2 year old Husky bit the dust . When I took it in , I learned that it was not really a Husky at all , but a Poulan . And Elecrolux now owns Poulan ! He said the `` big '' Husky 's are still made to the same specs as the good old days and are still among the best out there . That said , this mechanic told me about Makita chainsaws made by Dolmar Germany . He said that evey one he 's worked on was built like a tank and he rarely saw major malfunctions . By the way , he does not sell saws , so he had no bias in that regard . So I baught a Makita DSC 5401 . I must say , this thing is a BEAST . I feel like I 'm working with a `` real '' chainsaw for the first time . It literally blows through the toughest wood in no time . I get a ton of work done in a short amount of time and could n't be happier . I 'll have to report back on the long term reliability , but for now , I give Makita chainsaws my highest possible rating .
 I have a Makita chainsaw that I bought new almost 6 yrs ago.I could not have asked for a better saw.I heat with firewood only.I use my Makita every year to cut my firewood.I 've never had a problem with my Makita.Just changed the spark plug in it this year for the very first time.Great saw .
 Solidly built , started easily and makes a lot of sawdust in a very short time .
 I regularly use all of Eco Labs Microbe-Lift Koi food pellets . During really warm weather with water temps above 70 degrees , I alternate between their company 's Summer Staple , Fruits and Greens , and Legacy Big Bites . But once the water temperature has dipped into the 50s and low/mid 60s , it 's important to reduce the Koi 's feeding amounts and switch them to a wheat germ based food to clear their digestive system in preparation for the winter . This cold-weather feeding formula still offers needed nutrition , but at a lower protein level that is more appropriate for the slowing metabolic rate of the Koi as they head into winter dormancy . When the water temp reaches 50 degrees and below , I stop feeding the fish entirely . Some fish experts recommend not feeding the fish throughout the entire cold season -LRB- late Fall until early Spring -RRB- . The fish must subsist on the fat they 've stored from their summer eating . This can amount to at least 3-4 months of not feeding . However , I generally do feed my fish some throughout the winter . I keep track of the water temperature and if it gets above 50 degrees and the weather is forecast to stay warmer for at least 3-4 days , I 'll give them a light daily feeding -LRB- also assuming that their activity level is up and they seem interested in eating -RRB- . They 've done well with this feeding plan over the past few years ... having grown from 6 '' starter Koi to about 2 feet long.I feel strongly about continuing to use this Microbe-Lift line of Koi food . I switched one time when my local supplier briefly stopped carrying it -LRB- before I found it on Amazon ! -RRB- . I began having water quality issues after several weeks on it so immediately switched back . Because of the large size of my fish , I always buy one of the larger-sized food containers ... but this smallest size is a great size for smaller ponds/fish .
 I used and abused this string trimmer and it gave admirable service on my 21/2 acres every week for 6 years before it finally died . no disappointments with Makita tools .
 I have enjoyed my makita trimmer since around 2004 and still use it . It 's the most quiet trimmer I 've ever seen and it is very responsive to the throttle . I change the oil in it about every other year with synthetic oil . It typically cranks on the first pull . The engine is made by Robin Industrial and this item is identical to their 4 stroke trimmer .
 THE PRODUCT WORKS GREAT BUT HALF OF THE CANS I ORDER WOULD NOT SPRAY
 I mounted this is the backyard and it has n't fallen over yet . I like the metal base and the terra cotta bowl . It 's minimalist in design and the birds love it . They drink and splash each other and have a grand old time.I had to surround it with dirt and plant some ground cover to keep it up . because of the way the three legs come together you ca n't really drive it into the ground . Beside if you did drive it into the ground it would be too low and look odd.I 'm very happy with it . It is just what I was looking for .
 This birdbath was originally a gift and lasted a number of years until I left it out too late and it cracked in a hard freeze . Just replaced it and my birds and I are happy ! I have it standing in the ground and it is a bit difficult to get level . Easy to clean as you can just bring it in to thoroughly scrub from time to time .
 I have had this birdbath for several years . It is great . The reason I gave it 4 stars is that it is a bit tricky to position and join the parts of the stand , and it is a bit hard to keep level . We do n't get frost so I use it year-round and the birds love it .
 I would n't suggest using it as a standing birdbath , as the stand is not very sturdy . I intended to use it as a hanging birdbath anyways . Very well made . Great price compared to other vendors .
 The product arrived well packed and assembled easily . It really looks great and is well made . One caveat . The stand is not designed to actually be set in the ground . The frame is 3 metal legs connected into a single post . There is no provision to drive that post into the ground . I bought an 18 inch length of 1 inch metal pipe , used a sledge to drive it a foot into the ground and then inserted the birdbath stand into the open pipe . Problem solved and once solved , a very elegant , simple garden accessory . I suspect it would be wise to bring the ting in in winter as I suspect any ice might crack the Terra Cotta bowl .
 My dad has yet to hang this item however , when he received the birdbath , it was broken . I am very impressed with Amazon 's customer service . It was very easy to obtain a replacement birdbath at no cost to me .
 I bought this item for a bird feeder not a bird bathe ! I think for me it might be a bit shallow for bathe , but it is a solis unit . I use it with the standing feature pole and i get squirrels eating , standing and hanging from it , so if hold them it can hold a bird just fine . I love the glazed blue look and it blends into my landscape wonderfully ! it would work for a bathe , so do n't get wrong ! I love it !
 The birdbath itself is even more beautiful than shown on the web site . However , the metal standing apparatus is not that stable and there is only a soft plastic piece for the bottom , i.e. , no solid sharp part to go into the ground . We had to use our own ingenuity to get the metal stakes in the ground and at least relatively stable.I think there should have been information about the standing stakes on the web site and information in the instructions about how to adequately put standing stakes in the ground.Purchased at Amazon.com
 This birdbath is super for all birds , big and small . It 's pretty and the shallow depth allows all birds big and small can enjoy a drink or a bath . I originally bought this bath in 2002 and staked mine in to the ground . It has little grooves on the dish that makes it easy to remove to clean . I live in a cold climate and the terracota never cracked in 7 years . I had to replace this bath because a tree fell on it and broke it . Get it ! You 'll be happy you did !
 I searched a long time for a birdbth for my small Florida garden before picking this . I like it very much . It is easy to take in when I leave . I have it on the stand.It is shallow for the birds enjoyment and good for butterflys as well . It is not large but fine for my purpose and attractive too .
 I am very pleased with the quality of this bird bath for the price . It 's very attractive . I am using mine as a hanging feeder , and I do wish the chains were affixed permanently to the bowl . They come off every time I take it down to clean it . I also had to measure the circumference of the bowl and place three marks at equal intervals so it hangs evenly . But of course you only have to do that once.The birds do n't seem to want to have anything to do with it -LRB- I 've had it a few weeks -RRB- but we 've had plenty of rain here so it has n't been hard for them to find water elsewhere . I intend to keep trying !
 This is the second birdbath I have had in the past five years . I had one just like this one and decided on buying another after my original one was broken . It is easily cleaned and I mounted it as a standing birdbath . I looked at lots of others , but this one is just the thing for me .
 I purchased this bird bath as a 2nd bird bath and like it very much . It is attractive , adds a little color to the yard and is easy to maintain . I use it as a ground bird bath , not a hanging one but can see that if my young trees were stronger branched , I would like it even more as a hanging bird bath . Thanks for providing so many good products . JMF
 This is a wonderful bird bath for the price paid . Looks great in the yard and the fact that it is terra cotta , it will hold up during the Northeast seasons !
 I used the stake and it fit in my space fine . Stake could be a bit sturdier . All in all this b bath is a cute and functional item !
 We had one of these several years ago and loved it . This one is just as nice . We do not use the stand - we hang it from the included chain . It is nice that it comes with both options . Looks very nice hanging in the garden and with the hot weather , the birds are loving it ! We got the product on time and as advertised.Very satisfied .
 THIS IS THE SECOND BIRDBATH AND ALMOST IDENTICAL DESIGN I HAVE PURCHASED A YEAR AGO . THE GLAZE ON THE TERRA COTTA STANDING BIRDBATH FLAKED OFF AFTER A YEAR OR SO AND I HAD TO TRASH IT . THE CERAMIC GLAZE AND THE DESIGNS AVAILABLE NEED TO BE IMPROVED . OTHERWISE , IT IS A NICE SIZE AND HEIGHT TO ATTRACT MANY BIRDS .
 This purchase of the Sunswept 421HS-4 Terra Cotta Royal Blue Hanging-Standing Birdbath , was a replacement for an identical Birdbath purchased over twenty -LSB- 20 -RSB- years ago that worked fine until a neighbors ' tree came crashing down and shattered it . Highly recommended product . The birds -LSB- and squirrels -RSB- enjoy it ; it cleans up easily ; and , weathers quite well .
 I do n't like the traditional pedistal birdbaths , so bought this birdbath about 20 years ago . It looked great in my garden and I loved it . But I lost it and my garden in the divorce . So when I finally got my own garden again after 15 years , I went looking for something similar , never expecting to find the same birdbath again . But I found what looked like it here on Amazon . Tho after reading some of the negative comments , I was not quite sure it was the same item that I had loved before . I ordered it anyway since it sure looked like it . I just put it in my garden today and I love it . I do n't understand the negative comments about the stand . Is it easy to put together ? No . Is it hard to assemble ? No . The bath was secure in the ground within 5 minutes and it took less than 10 minutes for a sparrow to check it out . I believe he gives it 5 stars as well . I am glad I found my old friend !
 Worth the price . Stand is a little flimsy . I may try hanging it . Simple design blends well with the landscape .
 I work for the Hyatt Regency Tamaya Resort and Spa in New mexico and we have several pools and whirlpools . We have used many different types of comparators and this one is by far our favorite one . Easy to read and eay to use .
 Most of my water test kit is in good shape , and I am constantly buying the reagants since I have both a pool and spa . The comparator was the only thing I really needed , so it was great to be able to buy it separately .
 This is one of the sturdiest brushes we 've used . I also like the fact that it came with a replacement brush head . We tend to go through those quickly .
 Great grill brush with brass bristles . This is a must have brush versus stainless steel bristles which scratch and ruin the grill .
 My husband loves this brush . He says it us very easy to clean due to the brass bristles . We love the fact that you can just replace the head brush without buying a whole new brush . That makes it environmentally friendly as well .
 Perfect length , proper head and an extra one , to boot ! Just what I expected . I have n't used this yet but I 'm looking forward to grilling , once it warms up a bit .
 Where all other products have always failed me , this works perfectly . I do n't feel bad dousing myself and my son in it -LRB- if there is a biting insect in the vicinity , they find us first ! -RRB- and I do n't cringe while doing it . It 's safe -LRB- non-toxic ingredients -RRB- and just as importantly , it actually works -LRB- for all types of biting insects -RRB- .
 I bought Cactus juice on the advice of some friends before traveling to Roatan , Honduras , which is known for biting gnats or `` no-see-ums . '' While I 'd been eaten alive on a visit to Bonaire in earlier years without Cactus Juice , my first trip using Cactus Juice resulted in NO bites . Second trip was the same result - not a single no-see-um bite on me using Cactus Juice , while others , who used other sprays/repellants either had some bites or were covered . I make sure I put Cactus Juice on before going out in the morning and especially after scuba diving , as they seem to love salty skin . And the bonus is the the citrusy scent is fantastic - and it 's even safe for the environment , so I do n't have to worry about poisoning the coral reefs with bug spray ! Total win-win for me . I 'm stocking up for my next trip this summer .
 This stuff really works ! I am extremely susceptible to mosquito bites -LRB- during one ` garden dinner ' last month I got 17 bites -RRB- , and the Cactus Juice has proven to work quite well . I have been using it the last couple weeks , and have n't gotten one bite yet .
 great protection against no-seeums . Lasts all day ! It is easy to apply and will not stain clothes . A must buy product .
 We still come back to cactus juice spray because of it 's eco friendly means to keep bugs in the adirondacks from totally ruining your time outdoors . Thank you for a great product .
 The Cactus Juice is wonderful . It is the only product that we have found that works to keep the biting flies away from us when we are at the lake or anywhere else . It also works for mosquitos . It has a very pleasant smell . Without this product , it would have been one more miserable weekend at the lake .
 this product worked great on the buffalo knats that plague the southern states . we used vanilla in a water base but this is much better keeps them away for hours . excellent product . nothing else effects the knats so this is a must have .
 Gnats prefer me , especially my wrists and hands . I 'm a fisherman , so I have my wrists and hands exposed for their attack . The DEET repellants I applied were not effective against gnats . A kayaker shop owner recommended Cactus Juice , and I was impressed since he had none in stock . I could not find it in other shops , then found Cactus Juice on Amazon . For me , it is 100 % effective against gnats and mosquitos . However , I have to re-apply it about every one hour . That 's a small inconvenience to defeat the flying `` biting jaws of steel . '' Suggestion
 Worked great in the jungle of Costa Rica.All natural and safe for face and children .
 Wonderful product that actually works and that I feel ok about putting on my toddler 's skin .
 A fellow camper recommended this as an alternative to chemical bug repellants . Used it over a weekend camping trip in a very wooded state park and this spray really works . After three days ' camping I had no mosquito bites ! Plus , this product has a very light -LRB- and yummy -RRB- scent reminiscent of creamsicles . Gave it only four stars because it 's a bit pricey for a relatively small bottle . But it definitely works and certainly smells better than most personal bug repellant sprays .
 This product repels mosquitoes and black flies ... a must if you visit the Gulf Coast of Florida in June ! Smells good too .
 I love , love this product.I live in Florida and we have mosquitos most of the year.I Do n't like using other products that are not safe to use.I 've have used Cactus Juice for about 2 years now and will continue using it.I have my my friends and family using it too .
 This stuff really works ! I feel better about using it that a high consintration deet spray . This is my second order for this product .
 I purchased this product for a trip to Roatan , Honduras -LRB- just as a previous reviewer did -RRB- . I had heard that the sand flies were horrendous there , and sand flies love me . It worked better than products with deet did , and I did n't feel bad about poisoning the reef or me with harsh chemicals . The item shipped quickly and I would purchase from this seller again-in fact , I probably will because Roatan is calling me back : -RRB-
 Cactus Juice is a non greasy spray with a non offensive , almost pleasant smell . Most importantly
 We first purchased Cactus bug spray in the Caribbean , it works better than the normal spray . So glad we were able to find it in US . Smells nice too : -RRB-
 The Tesoro Cibola is an excellent device for the money and will serve the serious and amateur treasure hunter well , however , I do not understand why Amazon says it retails for $ 425 and they are knocking off $ 85 to give us an $ 85 saving . The regular price in all but the rip off shops is normally $ 340 . Still , even without true savings -LRB- though a real sale price would be nice -RRB- , Amazon is selling it for the same regular price as most places . The Tesoro Cibola is a darn good metal detector and Amazon is a darn good seller , so I can safely buy from them and know I am getting qualityTesoro Cibola Metal Detector .
 We have n't had the chance to go outdoors with this yet as its been snowing , and the ground is still too hard . But , playing with it indoors with different metal things to test it , it seems excellent . Its also very lightweight .
 I ca n't really speak to the quality of this product . It was purchased as a xmas gift and time will tell . However , the purchasing process was smooth as silk ; from order to receipt ; two days . On-line reviews tout this detector as the best value for a starter detector , we 'll see . Life-time warranty -- Excellent !!
 Plastic threads are n't my favorite . We will see how the hold up as I change between net and skimmer often . Would of liked a little finer mesh . But hey . . it 's a net and it nets .
 Arrived safe and sound . Looks great on the fence . Thank You
 A high quality , absolutely beautiful product at a more than reasonable price . I 'm actually considering buying some more of these -- they 're wonderful !
 In my kitchen window , a Blue and Gold Macaw bobs gently sending streaks of color across the room . Bird Brain 's ` flying ' stained glass birds brighten any room , patio or porch . The wall bracket plant hangers add charm and delicacy wherever you use them.They brighten small spaces and add jewel-like color indoors or out.Customer service is immediate , friendly , and helpful.I love these guys .
 Good quality mat that looks just like it does in the picture . Well worth the price .
 Works GREAT ! I like the ability to turn the pressure up or down with the adjustable lever .
 We purchased this a year ago , and as of yet , I have n't had to replace it . I really like the shower feature because it does a great job without dousing the plants completely . It has a few leaks now but I tightened it to the hose , and it seems fine . I also use it with Gardena attachments , and that seems to help a lot with leaks.I also like that you do n't need a lot of pressure to keep this going unlike others I own .
 We just love this sprayer !!! it is durable and has so many great spray settings . My children had a blast playing in the hose with it .
 This grill cover is awesome ! My husband was surprised and it arrived quicker than the estimated delivery date . The bright blue color is so much better than the black .
 The grill cover is thicker then most and looks like I will finally get multiple years out of an NFL logo cover -LRB- my third -RRB- . The material is thick and has already proved not to tear in a 75 + Mile per hour wind strom . The cover was adverttised as black , but is actually blue . Wish is was black , but oh well , good thing I am a Giants Fan .
 This product was purchased for my father as a birthday gift . I have received messages from my siblings , and those who have seen it in person , stating it looks great . Unfortunately , I received a picture of it on my cell phone , and to my surprise , it looked nothing like this website had advertised . At first I was extremely upset because it was not the one I ordered , but found out my father likes it the way it is . FYI ... this product actually looks like the side of the Giants helmet .
 I 'd been looking for a small skimmer net for my fountain and this one is just perfect ... not too big or small . Would definitely recommend .
 I have had one of these for about 9 months . If you follow the directions on installing the batteries in the base unit first and then the remote sensor , especially when the batteries die in either unit , everything works well . I called customer service once because of this , and while it took a little while on hold , their person who answered was very knowledgeable and quickly solved my problem . I bought a second one for my mother .
 There are a ton of wireless thermometers on the market , but they seem hard to find at a local store . This unit is great , I loaded it with rechargable rechargable batteries and put the wireless sensor in the basement to keep track of the temp down there and the main unit up in my living room . So far both work great and the temps and humidity come back correct via the wireless system.It includes an atomic clock and the moon cycles , nice additions .
 First of all , will someone please make a WiFi weather station ? And by that I do n't mean an overpriced Davis Instruments VantagePro2 with a lame serial-to-WiFi interface ; I mean a consolidated module with built-in WiFI out of the box that you can connect to via a web browser . If Withings can make a WiFi bodyscale for $ 160 then I know someone can do the same for temperature and humidity.Until that happens , we 're left with solutions such as this one from Chaney Instruments/Acu-Rite . They make a variety of weather products , but this one spoke to me with its low center of gravity , good mix of features , and AA battery power requirements . The plastic is cheap but does n't show fingerprints . The silver base can be removed , permitting creative mounting options . For cheap plastic consumer crap , this is not a bad package.The base station has its own sensor suite and supports up to three external wireless modules . Unfortunately , extra modules are expensive , so it 's better to simply buy three base station packages . Then you 'll have three base stations and three modules . There 's no complicated pairing or bonding between a specific station and a module ; all three base stations will pick up all three modules more or less at the same time . I say more or less because the base station has quirks and is very unpredictable . Sometimes it will detect a sensor right away ; sometimes it takes hours . Sometimes the date and time will automatically set right away ; sometimes it takes hours . But eventually , the base station will sync up with everything.Probably the most annoying aspect of this product is that , while it 's attempting to sync the date/time , it becomes unresponsive . And it seems to attempt a syncing about once every ten minutes . And this attempt can last a few minutes . So the unit can become unresponsive for about 2 out of every 10 minutes -- often when you 're trying to switch to a different sensor . There should be a way to sync once and then turn syncing off . Or set the sync rate to once per week or month . No electronic device should become unresponsive for minutes at a time unless you 're doing a firmware upgrade and it was your choice to begin with.Other annoying nits include ... * Animated moon phase indicator makes you wait far too long before you actually get to know what the moon phase is . * Base station screen not easy to see ; not enough contrast . There is a `` backlight '' button but the side-firing green LEDs only turn on for a few seconds . * Base stations report values that differ from both each other and from the remote sensors at the same location -LRB- i.e. , questionable accuracy -RRB- . * Does n't like rechargeable AA batteries . You can use them . But then , for example , the `` backlight '' wo n't illuminate . Company confirmed that the product needs alkalines or preferably lithiums . * Inability to calibrate the sensors . * Inability to display more than one external sensor at a time . * Inability to silence an annoying beep that is heard with every key press . * Lack of a calendar despite having more than enough space for one . * Remote sensor range too limited . * Remote sensor design is totally different from that of the base station . * Remote sensors wo n't stand up to inclement weather . * Remote sensors report values that differ from both each other and from the base station at the same location -LRB- i.e. , questionable accuracy -RRB- . That 's a lot of nits , yet I still like this product because I do n't think you can do better for $ 35 -LRB- or $ 105 if you buy three -RRB- . To reiterate , it 's cheap plastic consumer crap . But it 's also a unique design with a lot of features for the price . If only the features were implemented better.EDIT ... I 've since discovered that when the unit is syncing and becomes unresponsive , you can regain control by pressing the SET button . It 's possible that short-pressing the SET button toggles syncing on and off . If this is true , there 's no indication whatsoever on the screen -LRB- or in the docs -RRB- . Also , the SET button is right next to the CHANNEL button , which means you 'll end up accidentally pressing the SET button from time to time whether you want to or not . Still , this revelation addresses the most annoying aspect of this device.I also discovered that if you long-press the LIGHT button , the light will continue to stay lit until you depress .
 I bought this for my Mom . She loves it . She looks at it lots of times in one day !!!! She said it is one of her favorite things she has ever had .
 Arrived in good condition , works well , I like the min/max option fordaily temperature . Might add that the panel screen is a little small to read though .
 Works just like it should . Easy to install and the price is right . Cheaper than a plastic coated one from the local store . Me and my cow are both happy !
 For the price , you are n't going to be able to beat this salt block holder . There are more expensive models out there , but for a slick and timeless design you are n't going to get anything better than this in stainless steel . This totally makes me think of Bang and Oleffson . I keep a salt block right next to the pool table in my recreation room . Yes , I realize that too much salt can probably decrease your stamina in a pool game , but I 've gotten used to it . I keep a small salt lick in my fanny pack , but at home I go with the best . If you go with the best you may as well dress it up a little . This is Scandanavian Design at it 's best without the price tag . It 's easy to clean , and if you are licking the salt block and miss , you are n't going to get a strong metallic taste from this holder like you might from other similar products . If you are licking for a salty flavor , who would want to taste anything metallic ???
 Use it for many things , it will run everything when tailgating and even run my 30 ' Jay Flight RV -LRB- no AC -RRB- . Never had a problem , owned for about 5 years . Looking to buy another and run both for RV
 I 've had a Kipor IG2000 for a year and a half now . It has served very well to power various remote radio operations such as Field Day and the California QSO party.It sips gas , running our applications for many hours on a single tank of gas . I change the oil and check the air cleaner after each outing and the thing `` just works . `` We run fuel with Sta-Ble to keep the gas perky.No issues here .
 Bought this when grilling season started.It works really good , do n't have to reach over the heat to baste my meat.I love the Dark Cherry wood Look.It is very well made . Nice and cheap compared to everything else .
 It brushes stuff on . Not so great at brushing stuff off . I guess I need a vacuum . This works as advertized and dont worry about the sizes , they are true to fit .
 I own one of these hot tubs and I love it !!! The cover is very durable as is the hot tub itself . I love the one piece design and it is easy to move if necessary . The only complaint I have about it is the location of the rainbow light . It is on one side instead of centered in the tub , but of course that does not effect the function of the hot tub . Since owning it our weather has not dropped below 40 degress but it has retained its set temperature with no problem . I think this is a good deal for a hot tub with someone on a tight budget as I am .
 My wife and I bought this spa in October 2008 and it has been great after some initial trouble . This 4-person spa uses a standard 110v electrical outlet and has a ground fault circuit built into the power cord , so you MUST make sure that the outlet you plug this unit into is NOT on a GFCI circuit -LRB- on your electrical panel breakers -RRB- . We had a little trouble with this because the most convenient electrical outlet where we wanted our spa -LRB- in our basement -RRB- was a GFCI outlet , so the cord of the spa interfered with that and caused the breaker to pop every time we plugged it in . To remedy this , we had to get a heavy gauge extension cord and route it through the ceiling and drop it next to the spa to plug it in . It 's not ideal , but solved our electrical issue initially . Unfortunately due to the power trouble the motor completely died the next day , so we contacted DM Industries ; who manufactures this spa and spoke with an associate who was very willing to help . Unfortunately there was one dealer that sold these spas in our area , but they refused to service the motor under the warranty because we did not buy the spa from them , but instead bought it online . Evidently some legal contract dispute started between the manufacturer and that dealer , so I asked about the difficulty of replacing the motor myself . The manufacturer agreed I could do the motor swap , so I made sure my warranty would not be impacted by this and I performed the exchange myself once they 2-day shipped the replacement motor to me . All water had to be drained from the spa , but it was very easy to change the motor . My neighbor and I did it in less than 30 minutes.Since the initial trouble , this spa has operated beautifully . The max temperature is 104 unless you engage the jets once it is at 104 and let them pump for an extra hour before you go in . We 've gotten it as high as 108F . My wife and I use this spa as often as possible ; on average once a week . Our electric bill is maybe $ 10 - $ 15/month higher as this spa does run everyday to cycle water and maintain the temperature you program -LRB- we keep it at the default max of 104 -RRB- . I did quite a bit of research before buying this spa , but not much info at all was available about this model , so I thought I would share my experience . I feel we got a very good value looking at the cost of similar spas in 2010 . Do n't be worried about having any electrical problem with this spa , just pay very careful attention to what kinds of circuits you have in your home and plan accordingly . I do n't believe we would have had any trouble at all if we had knew more about the types of circuits in our electrical panel before hooking this up the first time . Anyhow great spa !
 Please write a review if you have seen , sat in , and/or purchased the Gray Malta Spa . I am considering buying one , but need to know whether or not it is as good a deal as it sounds.What is the size of the pump -LRB- 1.5 hp ? -RRB- ? Is the pressure sufficient from all of the jets?Does it retain heat well?What kind of warranty does it come with?How durable is the cover?Thank you .
 The moisture part works great . The pH may also be the work 's most accurate pH tester , but I have no way of knowing its accuracy.I like it and use it .
 This item is super easy to use with very easy to understand instructions . Great product for beginner gardeners ! My only complaint is , while it does give you an extensive list of types of plants and how much moisture they like ... I did find it difficult to find some plants moisture preferences that were not included on the list . I would recommend possibly including a paper brochure/instruction sheet with it , included on the inside of the package , with a more extensive list of plants and their pH/moisture preferences to make it even easier for beginner gardeners , such as myself . Other than that , I love it , and would recommend it to anyone !
 Usually gives a ballpark reading of moisture . Sometimes seems not to work so well , not sure if it 's soil type in question or what ? But I 'd recommend it as a quick checker .
 im confirming that the product actually works , you just have to follow the instructions and you will see that it wil work .
 I do enjoying working with my orchids and other tropical plants now that I have an instrument which tells me that my plants are ready for watering . It prevents overwatering . That takes some of the guessing out on indoor gardening .
 The product works as stated and is well constructed . It came shipped well packaged . I am very happy with this .
 Extension agents will tell you `` Fertilize the crop , not the soil . '' Good advice if you 're using chemical fertilizers . As an organic grower , I believe `` Feed the soil , and the soil will feed the plants . '' Either way , you need to keep up with soil pH and organic matter content.This great little meter may not be laboratory grade , but it is accurate enough for a quick check on your soil 's lime requirements and organic matter content -LRB- by way of its relative moisture retention . -RRB- Periodic soil testing is good practice . Frequent spot testing with this inexpensive meter is a gardening breakthrough !
 The people who tested it in milk and orange juice did not read the instructions . Mine say clearly that this is NOT designed to test water or other liquids , but rather soil and damp , but not liquid situations.to quote from the packaging
 Obviously it 's not a digital and I knew it when I purchased it . It seems to be accurate enough to perform it 's function so I have no complaints at all . Quite happy really . The pins can be a bit flimsy in dryer soil so just mind the conditions and be cautious about it .
 I got a deal on this so I bought it . I 've been amending my front yard with compost and occasionally Austin 's dillo dirt for years and the soil meter showed 6.5 to 7 . I 've neglected the backyard because of my kid using it and figured he 'd just kill the grass anyway and it was 7.5 to 8 which is to be expected as we live on limestone with 1 or 2 inches of horrible soil at best . You do have to be gentle with the prongs but the meter works fine .
 Very useful - I discovered I had been over-watering , but the ph was right on . You can ignore the low ratings on this since the people do n't appear to have read the instructions and used it in liquids . I bought two I was so impressed . I seems a little light weight - durability may be an issue but for $ 8.99 you can use it for a couple of years until it breaks and buy a new one .
 I was very skeptical about buying this little guy to check my soil ph/moisture after reading reviews , but after looking at others it seems that no soil ph tester has good reviews so I decided to give it a shot . It works great for me , I also ordered strip test too to test accuracy and it 's right on the money . As far as the reviews saying the probes on tester break easy ... are you people trying to test the ph of concrete ? I 'm not gentle with mine , just stick it in the soil and turn it to either setting and bingo.I ca n't speak for these other guys , but it does clearly say to test soil not liquids in the instructions . Yeah , I know like most people I was n't going to read em either but after reading these reviews I thought to myself , maybe these bad reviews could be user error ? Clearly that was the case . I try to take reviews with a grain of salt anyway.I tested my plants soil before and it was WAYYY too acidic -LRB- miracle grow -RRB- , as I thought . I replanted with FF ocean forest which is suppose to be neutral and when I tested my soil again , sure enough it was . Now my plants are doing great ! Moisture test works well too , keeps me from over-watering .
 Well made full size flag that has never seen the indoors in 3 year . Still as strong and bright as day one .
 Well , it 's a giant ass Confederate flag haha . . The corners kind of curl up and stuff but that 's to be expected . If you wan na show your southern pride , buy it ! It 's like 6 bucks lol
 The yard cart is a good investment but is slightly unweidly to push . If your load is light it is really handy especially if you need to lift it to a trash can .
 I purchased this product because I knew someone who had something similar . This one is smaller though and not as flexible . I like it for ease of use in the yard , to carry or haul things from one place to another and appears to be very sturdy . The product also arrived within days at standard shipping . I was amazed .
 I have n't used this yet but it seems to be very sturdy and easy to use . It takes up considerably less room than a standard wheelbarrow although it is not small by any means . I like the fact that it can be laid on the ground for ease of filling .
 I needed a small wheelbarrow to bring firewood into the house ... and this is perfect for it !! Easy assembly and takes little room to store it ! Great product !!
 an unusual product , a barrow that does n't stand up ; but a lot of gardening takes place at ground level , you included ; so down on my knees weeding , planting , the barrow is there , too ; just push debris into it , move it along as you go ; when you 're done , pick up the handles and cart away like any other barrow with an easy ride on pneumatic tire ; i 've also loaded rocks , probably close to the 150 pound rating , no problem ; ca n't see needing the larger version ; if you spend time in the garden , you ' ; ll use this unusual design again and again
 I hauled 4 yards of mulch in this and I must say , it was a lot easier than the standard wheelbarrow or yard cart -LRB- and much lighter -RRB- . It may have taken more trips back and forth but it was worth it and maneuvered easily through the plants . Loading it was a breeze -- loved that it sits flat on the ground . It will be great for raking leaves in the fall . I did n't find it difficult to assemble , just watch that the material is n't twisted . I had to take it apart because I did n't notice that the canvas was hanging wrong . I love that does n't take up a lot of space in the garage , too . Very glad I purchased this .
 I purchased this folding wheelbarrow a few years back , unfortunately , the last time it was stored , I misplaced the pins , well , my son did , but anyhow , we could n't use it without the pins . I contacted customer service at their Idaho number , found on FB , and wanted to place an order for replacement pins . The Customer Service department was kind enough to ship them to me out of warranty stock at NO CHARGE !! What a great company !!! Thank you Allsop !!! This is a great gardening tool , I use it all the time when clearing sod , trasporting landscaping items , ets , and so convenient to store !!! -LRB- As long as I put the pins away myself , lol -RRB- .
 I got this for my mom for Christmas ' 06 . She still loves it now ! It 's durable and the perfect tool for her . She 's a gardening nut and constantly has a project going outside . She had trouble maneuvering the regular wheel barrow as it was large and too cumbersome for her , especially up a hill -LRB- there 's a few in her yard -RRB- . She was always waiting for my Dads help to push that where she needed it.I saw this and knew it would work perfectly for her . It lays flat to put stuff in it -LRB- she 's usually transplanting flowers -RRB- and get where she needs to go . My mom is small , about 5 ' 2 , and this seems like its made for someone her size ! She still has the large hefty wheel barrow for the ` big jobs ' , but now she 's not trying to lug the smaller loads around in buckets or in the too big barrow.Turned out to be an amazing gift !
 I only used it once before winter came , but it did the job just as I wanted it to . However , I gave up trying to fold it up and just stored it open .
 I do n't have a lot of space , so from that perspective this is a fantastic product -- it can fit into a very small space , and the materials are so light that it can be easily hung on any convenient hook or rack.So far it seems plenty capable as well . It handles rock and sod easily ; I 've probably hauled 100 pound loads , which is less than its stated capacity , but still seems pretty impressive for a canvas wheelbarrow . The lie-flat feature is really handy when hauling heavy things , since you do n't have to lift them into the bed.I have two major complaints , one with the design and one with the materials.Design Issue
 PROS and CONS listed below.I have had this cart for 2 seasons and never stored it inside as I should have in North Georgia . I also do NOT move the pins around ... do n't see any reason for it . It still folds quite flat - just wider - even in the `` open '' position . The tire finally popped this past winter when I moved it in freezing weather and tried to roll over a 4x4 in the yard . Completely understandable in my opinion ; I should have known better . I am back for another , or may go for the larger version . However , I do find that when this is full of dirt or mulch it is about as heavy as I can handle , so a larger version might tempt me to go beyond my capability and hurt my back -LRB- some more -RRB- . I mainly use it for hauling dirt or mulch -LRB- usually uphill -RRB- and for hauling heavy bags of gardening materials/supplies from my car to the back yard.PROS :1 . I LOVE how flat it lays which allows me to easily shovel or push or throw dirt or leaves directly into it .2 . Nice and light-weight , does n't add much to the overall load .3 . Tire rolls nicely , but could be more durable/heavy-duty . Might be a trade-off between the two though , from what I have read .4 . Just right capacity for me -LRB- up to 150 lbs -RRB- . I doubt I have ever exceeded much over 100.5 . I found it easy to assemble , but did have to use some of my brain - not just the instructions.CONS : Not many ... 1 . Wish the handle grips were nicer .2 . Pin system seems like a hassle , but as mentioned above I do not use it .3 . Tire finally popped - my fault though . And see # 3 above.Hope this helps .
 My bulky wheelbarrow was getting too much to handle ... purchased this item to help with removing leaves , yard trash and carrying heavy items . Easy to put together , handle and store . Saw the same item in a local discount store for $ 20 more . It is a `` must have '' for ladies -LRB- and men too -RRB- .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my mother last year , and she still loves and raves about it . Her neighbors are jealous and ask her where she got it.Mom ca n't carry much because of back problems , so she uses this little cart to tote around pretty much anything she needs to move outdoors , from flowers to mulch to gardening tools ; she loves that when she sets it down beside her to plant flowers , she does n't have to keep reaching up to a regular wheelbarrow .
 I ordered this on Thursday and it arrived Friday -- unassembled , of course ! Contrary to many reviews , my package contained all the hardware and instructions ; I even had an extra detent pin!Assembly , by one not-so-strong female appeared almost impossible . No matter how well I lined up the holes , the detent pin would not go in . Frustrated , I used a hammer and they all slipped in quickly and neatly . I suspect some of the holes are so close to the diameter of the pins they have to be forced in.Whoever sewed up the canvas goofed on one side , so there is this extraneous flap . However , it does n't interfere with use . I do wish the tire were tubeless and do n't look forward to when it needs air or a new tube.Once assembled , the wagon is easy to fill and manuever . I knew I needed a small wheelbarrow and this is so much easier than a metal one . Although I have n't changed the pins to `` store , '' it fits neatly behind the bench on my front porch.The rated capacity is only 150 pounds , but the higher the capacity , the heavier the barrow . I 'd rather make three trips to move 300 pounds , than put the complete load in a larger barrow and try to move it . -LRB- Yes , I know I said three trips when it could be done in two , but I prefer to keep the weight down . -RRB- All in all , this was a super buy . I 'd recommend it to anyone who wanted a wheelbarrow for small loads .
 We 've had this little wheelbarrow for 5 years now . It is especially good for carrying things to a boat if you dock at marinas . It will carry rocks , and wood . We use it for carrying bird seed bags from the car as well.The tire did go flat after 3 yrs but was easy to reinflate . The canvas has held up to somenasty wet weather and carrying heavy loads.When we go to town for supplies we fold it up and put it in the back of the car . That way if no one is available to help you carry stuff out , you can do it yourself.Anyone with gardens , a boat , or who is developing physical limitations will find it extremely useful.When ours arrived , some screw attachments were missing . We called Allsop up and they mailed the parts outimmediately . Other than that it has been perfect for us .
 Having just gotten back from a week at Boy Scouts summer camp , I could have sold at least six of these if I had them . It was invaluable for transporting cots , sleeping bags , cases of water , firewood , duffle bags , etc. , and the design allows it to operate over gravel , dirt , tree roots and uphill with ease . It easily folds and takes up little room in our van . The only problem we experienced was being asked to transport other campers ' equipment ! We have used it many times for camping , with the same comments , and would highly recommend it if you have to transport your camping equipment any distance . Just be prepared for all the envious comments !
 Although I have not put it to the test yet , it assembled easily and appears to be made of quality materials .
 I did n't buy this for gardening purposes , but we 're not here to talk about that rif-raff . My midget friend Bernie -LRB- do n't get all uppity he prefers to be called a midget -RRB- had a great idea that i could haul him around on the weekends when I go roller-blading . I score big on the weekends with my great roller-blading skills , I like to wear my purple leg warmers , bicycle shorts , and my karate kid bandana , along with my terminator sunglasses -LRB- yes , they 're authentic -RRB- . He is a great wingman and I 've gotten him wayyyy past the milk-shake talk if you know what I mean . Back to this fine piece of machinery , the wheel is very durable and can make it through the roughest terrain . Bernie weighs about 125 lbs . soaking wet so you can get a huge load in this bad boy . I thought it would be funny to give bernie a ghost ride on it but then I realized it only had one wheel and it was n't possible , long story short , Bernie only had a minor concussion and 6 stitches , but that 's beside the point , buy this for landscaping needs or for personal comedic purposes .
 First of all - Amazon is great . This arrived in 2 days with std shipping!I used this to move 2-3 yards of mulch this w/e and I do n't have a backache today and it was to my mind fairly quick to do.Being able to lay this flat and just scoop things into it + the self-stabilising nature of the canvas makes up for having to make extra trips because of the smaller capacity . Having said that , since it 's lightweight and maneuverable getting the mulch to where I wanted was very easy.I even had 2 of my neighbours volunteer their `` real '' wheelbarrows ! Which I declined .
 This little fold up wheelbarrow may not hold the load you 've always wanted a wheelbarrow for but this one will do its job . You can hang this work horse on the garage wall and out of the way . It 's very light weigh and easy to move along while your gardening . Pull a weed and do n't know where to throw it ? thats what this little wheelbarrow is for those small jobs . - A great buy - Larry Hobson - Author - The Day Of The Rose
 Buy this now . It 's great if you do n't have space in your garage . I used it to haul 15 loads of dirt and it 's easy to use and cleans out nicely . It sits flat on the ground and you wo n't have to break your back putting dirt into the barrow part.For under $ 40 , it 's excellent !
 This is the best wheelbarrow I 've used . It was purchased mainly to haul bags of potting soil . It really saves time , energy , and my back . It 's a breeze to use and store . Thanks for offering a superior product .
 I used this wheelbarrow 5 or 6 times already . Its great !! Took 5 minutes to put it together . I used it to haul sod , worked better than my neighbor . I love it . Tim ; Naples Florida
 I like the design of this cart , especially that it takes up very little room when not in use . The ability to rake right into the cart b/c of the `` ground flush loading '' is a neat feature . I wish the `` cart '' portion of this tool was a little larger , but it does the job for normal gardening/yard needs.My two year old loves to ride in it too ;-RRB- .
 Great Product ! I Purchased awhile back and Love it.We have a Spot in the Community Garden and this wheelbarrow is portable enough to bring with us in the trunk of our car since it folds flat.Full Size Capacity , I have put 4 big bags of mulch inside to carry.The others in the garden have purchased a few too.The Nylon Is Very Druable after at least 1 yr .
 We HAD tree rats jump from the palm trees onto the roof , and into the attic , we would hear them scurrying around in the morning . We set traps and caught a few , we set out poison and killed one , then came to Amazon for help.This unit plugs into the wall and will cover up to approx . 1500 sq.ft . We purchased two units and put them at each end of the attic . The unit has a dual mode ultra-sonic AND electro magnetic , which means it emits a sound through the entire wiring in your house . It works ! It took about 1 week then `` silence '' they are gone . Now , you do have to continue to not leave food items or trash around , I 'm sure it wo n't help much if you were to be neglectful in this manner . We are very happy with our purchase and we did it poison free !
 I have been using products like this for years and while not perfect it sure stops the mice from doing the damage they are capable of . They may come in but they do n't stay long . And it has reduced the number of flys and spiders in the house by about 80 % . This is the first time I have bought this particular brand but it is working great !
 Have two units for the Garage and Shed . I have not had any uninvited visitors since I started using PestContro . My confidence is high . Time will tell .
 I seem to have an ongoing problem with scale on my indoor citrus so have to spray regularly . I like this because it does n't leave a thick residue as some of the other horticultural oils do . If I take three weeks off spraying , though , some other pest will find its way onto my plants so I have to keep it up . This week it 's aphids , but at least my scale has been almost eliminated . Of all the sprays I 've tried , this one works the best .
 Half a cup of this + half a cup of Potassium Bicarbonate in 8 gallons of water per Cornell experiment killed 90 % of fungus . We applied this to the soil two weeks before planting the tomatoes , cucumbers , etc. . Garden looks good and the potassium is good for root growth .
 As the operator of a small organic Christmas Tree farm , I 've used horticultural oils for many years . I also use this oil in the orchard as a dormant spray on apples , pears , peaches and blueberries . All Seasons is competitively priced with other brands and does the job as described . I would n't be without it .
 I bought this to use on my hibiscus plants which had become covered in snow scale insects . It worked very well with only 2 applications .
 We can 200-300 quarts of organic fruit juice from our garden every year , so dormant spraying is essential . All Seasons Dormant Spray has been the best we 've found . It 's easy to use . The directions are clear - if you are accustomed to your own spraying . It 's easiest to apply if you use a `` trombone '' type sprayer . I 'm so pleased to find All Seasons Dormant Spray here on Amazon.com . We 'd been driving up to 20 miles round trip every year to have enough for our gardens !
 I was skeptical at first but when the bugs just washed away in the rain dead and my bushes came back to life I was a believer .
 I used this for spider mites on my star jasmine plants , works well , but you have to spray plants several times the first two weeks then once a week thereafter . Spider mites are very difficult to eliminate so persistence is the key to success . Would recommend to friends .
 Ozbo gave me a very good price for the horticultural spray oil . They were a little slow in getting it to me , but they were quite responsible .
 This is a great product for getting rid of mosquitoes in enclosed spaces . We got the first one for the boat to pick off a mosquito that kept us awake -LRB- turned out to be not one but several -RRB- . I was surprised that it worked well.We just got another for home . We use them with a 6 volt adapter so we do n't have to keep buying and disposing of batteries . I checked this morning and last night it got three mosquitoes . We have n't been bothered by them inside since we got it , so we 're pleased .
 Great indoor zapper ! Catches tons of mosquitoes & gnats indoors . One drawback
 After finding loose metal bristles in my food and my grill , I searched for a grill brush to replace multiple metal bristle brushes . I found this brush . The spiral design prevents loss of bristles and does a good job of cleaning the grill . If the handle were longer I would give it 5 stars . Otherwise it works great for everyday use .
 This is one hydrangea that lives up to it 's advertising . It blooms prolifically , stands up to Zone 5 weather conditions , and fills a need for hydrangea lovers who do n't have the space for the larger cultivars . One of my favorite hydrangeas .
 I got this set for $ 30 free shipping and humming bird feeder . I gave the feeder to my friends whom have a new house . The patio set was easy to assemble , but the plastic assembly wrench broke pretty easily . It took me about 20 minutes to get everything together and the set is pretty stable . 200 + lbs on the chairs and no problems . If you 're over 200lbs , I would n't lean back on it . The table is pretty ridged and stable . It 's good for small patio areas .
 I bought this anyway after reading all the reports about what a piece of junk this is , but once I put it together I was quite happy ! I do n't feel like I am going to fall or break it when I sit on it , and my husband weighs about 225 and he sat on it just fine -LRB- maybe the others did n't put it together right ??? -RRB- . All in all if you are expecting a heavey weight table and chairs this is n't for you , but if you want something pretty and repect that it is plastic I say great buy -LRB- I paid 29.99 and got free shipping and a hummingbird feeder -RRB- !
 A good quality set of patio furnishings that would compliment any garden . They are nice to sit on.The only downside is that after 5 years they will need repainting , so be sure to get your grandson round to do it .
 I first had mache -LRB- aka lamb lettuce or corn salad -RRB- lettuce when my sister brought it for a family pot luck gathering -- she got the leaves from Whole Foods or Trader Joe 's -- and they were so good , different from your run-of-the-mill salad greens . I do n't have outside land and it 's against the law to have windowboxes -LRB- earthquake safety -RRB- so I thought maybe I could grow some in a large flower pot , just enough so I can have a side salad every few weeks or so maybe . Seeds were not available locally so I went to Amazon.com and ordered them . Seeds came very quickly and I planted them about 1.5 weeks ago and now they have begun to sprout . From what I 've read on the Web , mache is a lettuce that grows like a weed once it takes hold -LRB- good -RRB- and prefers cool-cold weather and does n't need sun -LRB- just bright light -RRB- which suits my area perfectly . The company also sent along little I.D. sticks in case you are planting with a lot of other greenery . Ca n't understand why all gardening nurseries do n't seel these seeds ; would seem like a natrual source of fresh greens during the cold months -LRB- not snow or frost but just plain cold -RRB- when nothing else will grow . I 'll send for more packets so I 'll never run out -LRB- just in case I forget to let a few plants go to seed to replenish themselves -RRB- .
 I ordered the seeds , planted the seeds , watered the seeds and had lettuce for many months . Love this stuff and Renee 's Garden seeds come up !
 This thing is a monster . Runs my entire house . I have a well pump , septic , and Furnace . Did n't even 1 \ 2 load this thing . Best generator I have used . Comes with the 60A panel box and the outside plug box . I hooked up most of my 2 story house to this thing and it works like a champ . For all this includes you ca n't beat the price and quality .
 After searching for a long time for a portable generator to run the whole house , I found this one . This was an excellent purchase and my family is grateful that we have this now . Can run the whole house with air-conditioning . Generac reliability . I recommend highly .
 This was my 2nd Rapid Reel . I had ordered this expecting it to be the same as my old one but it was a newer model . I was somewhat disapointed that this newer model was $ 30 more than the older one and when it arrived seemed more cheaply made . The new one is Aluminum versus steel in the older model . It also required a lot more assembly . In some ways it 's better than the old model -LRB- lighter , aluminum wo n't rust -RRB- but at the same time the handle seems more rickety because it 's not a single piece like the old model and tends to flex where the two pieces connect . The short hose that connects to the reel also seems like a generic 5/8 '' inch when the older model came with a 3/4 '' Goodyear hose . All and all it 's a solid hose reel and way better than anything plastic , but I think I would have been happier with another one of the older models at $ 99 instead of this newer model at $ 129 .
 OK , so this reel is expensive and has plastic parts . It also has a 10-year warranty and a company that stands behind the product and has spare parts available . I bought this reel to replace a $ 130 Home Depot reel that failed after two years of use and could not be repaired because HD no longer stocks this Chinese-made reel . The Rapid Reel does require assembly , but the instructions are very good with every step clearly illustrated . Usually when assembling something like this I am running to the garage every two minutes to get another tool , but the Rapid Reel really does take only a Phillips head screw driver to assemble . It also works great - easy unwind and easy rewind . If you use a hose reel every day like I do , you own it to yourself to buy this reel .
 Rapid Reel 150-Foot Parallel Wall Reel #GH 164-PLRapid Reel 150-Foot Perpendicular Wall Reel #GH 164-PDRapid Reel Garden Hose Cart Reel 2 Wheel Cart - GH164-CTSolid , well made product that is well supported and it appears that it is all `` made in the USA '' . One of the screws that hold the two drum halves together had a faulty thread . I emailed Rapid Reel 's customer service at 10:30 AM on Friday and I had a full three screw/bolt package delivered by 10 AM on Saturday morning.All three of the reels that I have bought included the Goodyear 5/8 '' Sureline attachment hose.I am very satisfied with my purchases.PS for those that are not happy with the play in the handle of the two wheel cart , you can have Rapid Reel 's customer service and they will send you a part to reduce that play .
 I was worried before I buy this because of soso reviews . But since I don ' t have an option to install a gaden hose reel on the wall , this reel seemed be the only one option I found for a heavier duty free standing hose reel . I have a good year 100ft hose and it works really well with it . I 'm not experienced hose reel user , and I used cheap hose plastic reel once in the past and it was so horrible I stopped using hose reel for years . But I got tired of the 100ft hose spreading all over the yard and I kept tripping over it . I 'm petite women without much knowlege of outside iquipments stuff , and yes there were many parts to build this reel , but I had no trouble assembling the reel . I feel this reel is so great , may be because I did not have good water hose reel experience in my past . But still , I must give 5 stars just because it made my life so much easier .
 I agree with Jason on the handle shaft issue . They could have used two bolts instead of one . I move the cart once a year so it 's not a problem for me . On the aluminum vs. steel issue , again no rust . I had a little consern about strength but it is heavy duty cast aluminum . Over all I 'm very happy with it . A big step up from my Suncast . I do have to give Caryl in thier parts dept. a thumbs up . My model had been discontinued so they did n't have the reel that was cracked but they did send the entire hose to hose conection for free . Unfortunatly there were so many cracks , all screws into plastic , that it leaked almost as bad after reassembly . Buy the best you can afford , it will save you money down the line .
 I 've been using the reel/cart for about a month with no complaints . Between me & my landscaper 's crew we have managed to put it thourgh it 's paces and it 's holding up very well . I put it together with blue loc-tite on all the nuts just to make sure they do n't come loose . So far , so good .
 I settled on this particular hose reel after reading lots of Amazon reviews for various reels . This one seemed to have the best reviews , and I suppose I was also swayed by the fact that I 've owned a Rapid Reel hose reel for my air compressor hose for a number of years that has proved extremely durable and handy.It comes in a remarkably small box given the size of the assembled unit , they did a pretty darn good job on the packaging . I got mine assembled in about 15-20 minutes , despite my toddler trying to haul off the wheels . The design is such that the handle always has a bit of flex to it even if you torque down the bolts pretty tight . I wish that it ended up a bit more rigid , as the flex makes it feel odd . But otherwise this thing ends up like the tank that I expect from Rapid Reel . The section of feed hose is very high quality Goodyear hose , the zip tie for holding your hose in the right spot on the reel is very beefy and has a tab so you can loosen/remove it if needed.The unit has a friction brake on it so that gravity does n't unspool your hose for you . The friction level is adjustable , but seemed fine with my hose out of the box . It rolls easily , and does n't seem to be in any danger of tipping over even if you pull on the hose to get it to unspool . I pulled at a 90 degree angle from the spool from about 20 feet and the handle conveniently helped align the hose and it unspooled just fine .
 This is a great hose reel with easy to understand instructions high quality parts air filled tires not plastic and 2 front rubber foot pads . I loaded it with 100 ft of 5/8 hose when unwinding the hose the cart stays put it does not slide forward on my driveway and kink the hose at the fauset like the plastic reel I had and it works in 2 directions left & right side feeding I am very happy with this hose reel .
 Re-hanging 100 ' of hose after daily watering was getting really old . This is my first hose reel cart and I 'm delighted . Knowing nothing about them , I read the Amazon reviews and learned the problems folks have with most carts -- problems I did n't want to suffer through -- so I was willing to spend more to get a good solid cart that would meet my needs hassle-free . I expected assembly so was n't daunted and found the instructions outstanding -- mostly clear pictures , each step clearly numbered and nothing left to the imagination , which in my case is a good thing . Some instructions assume you 're a tool-time guy and just ` know ' things . I 'm not and I do n't . I had no trouble here and it all went together without a hitch.My 100 ' of hose wrapped easily with room to spare . The subsequent unwinding for the watering exercise was smooth and trouble free and the best part , over which I nearly wept with joy after years of dirty recoiling manually , was the ease with which it all rolled back on there -- quickly , effortlessly and neatly . No wonder people like hose reel carts and this one especially . The quality is apparent and well appreciated . Highly recommended .
 This is the hose reel of my dreams . It 's super light and easy to maneuver , yet totally stable while unwinding the hose -LRB- no tipping -RRB- . Worth EVERY penny !! Infinitely superior to the old cheap plastic reel I struggled with for several years . The hose strap did break on assembly -LRB- it was very brittle -RRB- so I called for a replacement and had it within days . The hose cart itself arrived within several days also . Great company , great service .
 I could n't be happier with this product . The customer service was great . I received the product within 4 days . The only slight problem was with a plastic tie strip . It broke , but I replaced it with a common zip-tie . Overall I am very satisified with the product & the excellent customer service that I received from the Rapid Reel corporation .
 I found the assembly easy and the reel itself to be well made . No complaints . It was well packaged , arrived undamaged and is a hundred times better than the plastic piece of garbage I had before . I am buying one for my dad too .
 This is my second Rapid Reel . The first was purchased several years ago and is still giving great service . I needed another reel because of my large yard . The Rapid Reel that I just purchased arrived and I noticed that it is different than the older ones . The design has been changed a bit and it is now cast aluminum . It is still heavy duty , but lighter than the previous model . Rust should be much less of an issue . The instruction sheet for assembly has many steps . The large number of steps may be intimidating to the novice . Do n't let this bother you , if you carefully follow the directions in order , check each step off as you go , you should n't have any problem . The instructions are very well written and are easy to follow . Unlike a plastic reel , this hose reel is heavy duty and well worth the price . You wo n't be disappointed . It will easily hold 100 feet of 5/8 '' hose and wo n't tip over when pulling on the hose to unwind the reel . The new model has an adjustable clutch which prevents further unwinding when you stop pulling on the hose . I like that feature . The clutch also prevents the reel from unwinding after you have rewound the hose on the reel . When my hose is all wound up for storage , I keep my nozzle attached to the hose . The weight of the nozzle and end of hose tend to cause the reel to unwind until the nozzle touches the ground . This is annoying especially when you attempt to move the reel from one location to another . This was a problem with the older model , but not with the newer one because of the clutch . I did complain to Rapid Reel of some play in the handle . It turns out that this is part of the design . Rapid Reel does have a modification kit which will eliminate this play . If requested , Rapid Reel will quickly send you the modification kit at no charge . I elected to go with the modification . I recommend this reel and consider it an improvement over the older model .
 Have wasted money before buying plastic hose reels that look good in the store and appear to function . These barely lasted a year , and never survived a winter , even when brought into the garage . Forget about leaving them where they are exposed to the sun . I ' e had this reel for about a month now and it is rock solid . I 've got high quality heavy duty rubber hose on it and it handles it with no problem.There was some work to put this together , BUT , it was very well packaged and the instructions were written by an english speaking person - -LRB- at least what was written -RRB- . The step-by-step diagrams and attention to details made assembly a breeze . The quality of everything , including the follow-up with the shipping notice from the company was excellent.I would buy another and recommend this to friends/family as the best hose reel I 've had and used . Again , this has n't gone through a winter , BUT , I believe this will last and be backed by the company . So far this experience reminds me of the one I 've had with my Weber Gas Grill , I paid a premium price , but my Weber is 14 years old and going strong . I 've had to replace a few items that wore out due to normal wear and tear , but Weber has been there to provide replacement parts . Think these guys will be there also .
 I saw this in a catalogue and , like everyone else who has had problems with the cheap plastic reels , this looked like a no-brainer . Unfortunately , I did n't think to come to Amazon , so I paid $ 199.95 plus shipping . Ugh . I 've learned my lesson . My only complaint -LRB- so far , I have n't used it much as we 've had so much rain -RRB- was not with the product but with the catalogue company . Nowhere in the catalogue , or on their website , does it say `` assembly required '' . As it turned out it was easy to put together . I just was n't expecting it so on receipt I was angry . I emailed the catalogue company and they said I should have asked their customer service department WHEN I ORDERED IT . Why would I think to do that when it did not state that it would need to be assembled ?!? In future , when I find something in any catalogue , the first thing I will do is come to Amazon .
 Great product ! The reel comes disassembled but with the well discribed instructions goes together in about twenty minutes . I needed a hose reel that could be moved from one end of the house to the other -LRB- 80feet -RRB- . Rapid Reel does this without a problem . It is the best hose reel I 've used in my fifty plus years
 This is Not made in China . This is an example of ` you get what you pay for ' . Would n't it be nice to go back to the days when things lasted , for what seemed like , forever . This will be my last hose reel unless I buy another for the front yard .
 Excellent ; well made ; easy to operate . A little expensive but worth the money if you 're looking for a quality product .
 I 'd given up on buying hose reels , after several of them broke down after a season or two of use . This one , however , promises to last much longer , with its superior materials and construction . Easy to assemble , too .
 Like many other reviewers , I was sick of the cheap tubular metal and plastic reels and did not want to drill holes in my house to mount a permanent hose reel so I was drawn to this product . The build quality seems good , consisting of powder coated aluminum -LRB- I think -RRB- but I suspect this product has evolved over time and may not be as sturdy as past versions . I does specify `` made in the USA '' , though . Assembly was not too problematic -LRB- beware
 Easy assembly , quality build , well ballanced and easy to use . This unit is expensive but then again the cheaper brands in comparison are way overpriced . I like the fact that they use tube type tires that are filled with expandable foam . This unit does not leak one drop . There is a slight bit of play between the handle bars and where they are connected to the frame but unless it fails I just do n't care . The frame is powder coated just like the frames on my KTM motorcycles and that 's quality . I also have a wall mounted Rapid Reel mounted on the south side of my home for two years and it still looks like new . The plastic three point mounted handle looks a little weathered but works like new . I will update if there are any problems .
 Do n't waste your time on the `` made in China '' junk that Sam 's , Walmart and others sell . This is made to last a life time . Assembly was a snap . Even better than I expected . Have another Rapid Reel model on order as well .
 Product is excellent quality . Fairly easy to assemble . Delivery was very fast -LRB- 2 days -RRB- . A little pricey but a product that will last for years .
 We were looking for a rolling hose reel cart & everything available in the stores was either plastic or very large -LRB- if it was made of metal -RRB- . This cart is small enough to not be an eyesore , but , large enough to hold 150 feet of hose . The grey powder coated metal finish is also very attractive & durable . The ease of operation could not be better . Until now , watering has been a major hassle . This cart makes using the hose & putting it away a snap !
 This hose reel is extremely well-built . It will probably last a lifetime . Shipping from the company was lighting fast . The instructions were first-rate ; a rarity these days .
 The Rapid Reel host cart is so much better than any of the cheaper plastic reels I have used in the past . The host winds and unwinds with ease . The whole feel of the cart is quality.The cart arrived in many parts . At first glance , I was afraid that it would take hours to assemble . However , the cart went together quickly.The cart had one bad part which Rapid Reel replaced right away . This is the type of service I expect from a company that sells premium equipment .
 Since I really have n't had much time to use the product , this review is based on the ease of assembly . When I first got it I was concerned that it would be too complicated to asemble . It turned out to be real easy . I did 90 % of the assembly myself and ask my husband to help with the last part which was loading on the hose . So far so good .
 Purchased several flavors including this one and ALL were great . I use a Masterbuilt smoker and use chips AND pellets alike . Both work fine . I like the pellets because of more flavors . This flavor , Mesquite , was used with Ribs and turned out with a great taste . Highly recommend , A + + + .
 This feeder does everything it says it does . It is well made , heavy cage wire , top locks down , squirrels go crazy trying to get into it . They climb the pole , grab the feeder , go around it a few times , and give up.We have chickadees , nuthatches , small woodpecker , titmouse , yellow finch . -LRB- We use a fly through type feeder in another location for bigger birds . -RRB- One rather funny incident was the morning we saw a chipmunk squeeze through the outer cage . He/she ended up inside the cage but could not get any seeds . After a while , the chipmunk wanted out and could n't get out . And there 's no way to open up the feeder.I went outside to see if I could be an encouragement but that did n't work . About 20 minutes later the chipmunk got its head through the cage and finally the rest of its body . We have n't seen the chipmunk since this happened.We 're very happy with this feeder . Birds are at it off and on all day .
 Be gone vermin ! My battle has ended - and with no batteries , cheap plastic , trickery , or poorly engineered devices that work for a spell and then succumb to the cunningness of my back yard adversaries.This thing works . Very simple . Constructed well . Still looks nice . Now I enjoy watching the birds visit the feeder - as well as revel in the frustration of the squirrels who experience the reality of `` so close - but so far away . `` My only concern is whether the larger birds are going to be able to access the seeds - so far I have n't seem them try . That is a consideration in advance of purchase I suppose .
 This is the first bird feeder I have ever bought and I am extremely pleased with it . This morning I watched a squirrel try to get at the seed from all angles - he gave up after about two minutes !
 This is my third one squirrels are reduced to eating what drops on the ground and larger birds ca n't feast from it either . I have woodpeckers , tits , redwing blackbirds , finches , chickadees , grosbeaks and other birds constantly . It is also entertaining watching squirrels try and fail .
 I purchased this bird feeder after watching the squirrel devour all the food in my previous feeder . I have had this Duncraft for about three weeks and it is wonderful . I watch the squirrels climb all around but have no luck getting to the food and have to climb back up onto the tree limb . The birds can easily get the food . Well constructed and good value for your money .
 The birds love the new feeder , and so do I ! Using less brid food , as the bigger `` scavenger birds '' ca n't access the seed .
 I have owned this feeder for two years and love it ! My father has shown an interest in birdwatching , but had a clunky , oldfashioned type feeder and did not have many birds . I bought one of these for him and he is so happy . He now has so many moregoldfinches and house finches to watch ! He is delighted . My sister then bought one for herself and also is enjoying the manybirds coming to feed ! We only use black oiled sunflower seeds .
 These feeders are great and the squirrels can not get to the feed . The birds love them too and several can hang on to feed at a time when the feeders are filled to the top . The Grey Squirrels would constantly be eating the bird feed out of other `` Squirrel Proof '' Feeders but with these , they tried to get to it at first , then gave up . I have 3 of these feeders hanging off my deck . Only negative is that the feeders only hold 2 lbs of feed each so you have to refill them almost daily or every other day when there are a lot of birds eating . I only use sunflower seeds too which is what is recommended with these but was what I always used in the past too before purchasing the feeders .
 I have been using these feeders for years . The locking disk for the top is a little cumbersom to use and I took it off the first one . Do n't do that . The squirrels will eventually lift the lid and damage the top of the inner screen .
 these feeders work ! I have these two and two that are quite similar and both work well . I only wish that there was more room inside the cage for the birds to move around like in the other feeders where finches , wrens , and chickadees can move freely . The titmouse and larger can only use there bills to get closer to the openings . The squirrels crawl all over these but can not get in or chew in .
 The Duncraft 18834 has foiled the squirrels ! I 've watched them attempt every possible way to reach the sunflower seed ... to no avail . Great product !
 This bird feeder works great . The squirrels have given up trying to defeat it , and the birds love it . I 've used Cardinal mix , black oil sunflower seeds , and safflower seeds with good results . I would n't recommend the larger sunflower seeds , the screen size might be too small for them .
 The squirrels tried it three times within the first two days and have n't been back all month ! Great for little birds and the cardinals and blue jays just hang out below . Also , no problem with rain . It was a perfect father 's day gift !
 I 've been through a few feeders looking for something simple that beats the squirrels . This one fits the bill . Its all metal construction prevents chewing , and the distance between the inner wire mesh feed tube and outer cage is sized to allow the birds to reach the seeds with ease . The squirrels ca n't get at them . It has attracted woodpeckers , nuthatches , titmice and cardinals -LRB- which eat seeds that spill on the ground below it -RRB- . It has a simple locking tab on top that seals the lid but allows for easy refilling.I just wish it was made in the USA instead of China , like so many other things . I 'd happily pay more for that .
 For some odd reason the squirrels this year are simply mad . I 've had all of my feeders literally torn apart by squirrels . They eat through acrylic and wood and squeal while doing it , which is somewhat amusing to hear . I think they 're possessed or something.I did a lot of on-line research about squirrel proof feeders and this one came up as the best value . The next step is the $ 60 feeder and it continues to rise in price after that one . Hopefully I 'll never have to do that . The birds seem to love the feeder , and I am no longer burning through expensive feed . I get a variety of birds and they do n't seem to have any trouble getting to the feed through the wire . I saw one squirrel try to touch the feeder , but he/she gave up after about 5 seconds . Their hands simply ca n't get to the food . He must have told the others because I have n't seen any others even make an attempt.As far as food type , you can pretty much use anything you want . The containment area is small enough so wild bird food will not spill out but large enough so sunflower seeds can be eaten as well . I alternate between wild and black sunflower so I get a different type of birds.There are multiple small drainage hole on the bottom as well . So if you notice your feed on the bottom not moving , chances are it 's clogged and mold is growing . You will need a thin stick and a hose for cleaning it out . Just be careful not to bend the cage wire.Recently it even survived a bear attack ! Only repair necessary was to straighten the hanging wire.UPDATE-Almost three years later and the feeder still looks new and is keeping the squirrels away .
 This one really works ! I 've just purchased my second Duncraft 18834 squirrel-block feeder , since the first one has proved so successful . This is the first feeder of many I 've tried over the last 20 years that keeps out squirrels -- every last one . Squirrels simply can not get at the feed because of the wire cage . Although a few tried when I first put it up , they gave up and never attempted it again . It 's a pleasure to see only birds at the feeder instead of a squirrel hanging on and keeping away the birds . The little metal disk that is supposed to keep the cap on tightly also does its job . Squirrels ca n't remove the cap to get at the feed.But in addition to its squirrel-blocking ability , its construction has other advantages . The feed is contained in a stainless-steel mesh tube rather than a plastic tube like most feeders . This allows air to circulate around the feed and prevent it from getting moldy after a few days of rain . I 've had the first feeder over 8 months now and have n't had to clean it out because of soggy , moldy seeds . The other thing I like about it is that the wire cage allows birds to perch , cling , or hang wherever and however they want to . They 're not limited to a few perches . Several varieties of woodpecker hang and feed the same way they do when they 're clinging to trees.Totally worth the money if you have a lot of squirrels in your yard .
 It 's well made and heavy for it 's size so it does n't swing around like a plastic feeder . The Finches love it .
 Well built bird feeder . The wire used to suspend the feeder could be heavier gauge . Squirrels can bend and twist the existing wire . Be sure that the feeder is securely attached to its suspension point . Our squirrels lifted the feeder off the hook to which it was attached and dropped it on the ground . When the feeder is on the ground on its side the squirrels can get the lid loose and access the seed . I think one of them has an engineering degree from MIT . We finally solved this problem by suspending the feeder from an eye hook with a continuous oval spring clip purchased in the hardware dept. of Lowes . This clip has one side that is spring loaded and can be pushed in -LRB- by people -RRB- to remove the feeder from its suspension point .
 A very good feeder , strong and yet attractive . Finally a squirrel proof feeder that actually works ! A 5 star product !
 FANTASTIC hose reel at last , no more junky plastic hose reels , this is the # 1 as far as our family is concerned . What a jewel , looks nice on brick wall , excellent connector hose provided , unwinds no problem , winds back up so `` smooth '' , we are ordering another one today , wonderful product , a bit pricey but as it is said buy a great quality item once , buy cheap ones again and again .
 Never again will I buy those crappy plastic hose reels that ultimately break . I like the fact that you can place it at any height so there 's no more bending over and cranking . This hose reel is so durable , reliable , and sturdy that I actually WANT to use my hose daily just to have the joy of rolling it back up effortlessly !
 The Product is what I was looking for besause I think this is the fourth one I have brought for myself and other family members and friend .
 I purchased a second reel because the quality was so good on the first one . This item makes the plastic hose reel a poor choice , it has high quality fittings and material.I would highly recommend this reel to anyone .
 My original hose reel froze during the winter and the inner spindle cracked - the entire unit needed to be trashed . The rapid reel uses a much simpler mechanism that is attached directly to the hose - it seems like the simplest possible way in which one could produce a hose reel . This allows for easy assembly , and most importantly , easy replacement of parts if needed . I 'll have to see how it fares next winter but even if there are problems I 'll be able to fix them easily . I highly recommend this product .
 Thanks to those here who reviewed this product I bought one after looking at the cheap plastic reels at OSH . This is a high-quality , smooth-running , well-made product.In fact , I was so impressed that I went out and bought a second `` parallel '' model with which I 'm equally pleased .
 This is exactly what I was looking for . I needed a stationary water hose reel for my trailer and this one fits the bill . Easy assembly and easy installation . No more plastic reels . Great product .
 truly a nice tool for the garden . Quality is more commercial grade then consumer.I have installed around 8 of them and only had a problem with one . I hope it will be replaced without a problem under warranty .
 I am very pleased with my new rapid reel that is used to roll up water hoses .
 I now have two of these units , one parallel and the other perpendicular -LRB- like this item -RRB- . Both were easy to assemble and install . The only advice I 'd offer is to position the wall bracket on the wall and drill the holes FIRST . Do this before assembling the unit . It 's just a lot easier to position things with just the bracket alone . Position it , mark the top holes , drill them , insert the bolts and then use the bracket again to mark for the bottom holes . Just make sure you 're drilling them in the right places , especially when dealing with brick and mortar.After three years on one and a single summer on this new one they 've held up quite well . I use 100 ' high quality rubber hoses on mine a really give them a yank pulling them all the way out to the edges of the yard . Both reels handle the abuse without problems . Winding them back up is likewise easy . The only `` problem '' is you generally have to guide the hose a bit to avoid it piling up on one side of other of the reel . Not a big deal . I 've seen reels with a winder-guide and those tend to break pretty easily . I 'm usually wearing gardening gloves or have a sponge handy from car washing.All in all , I 'd definitely recommend those reels to others . They 're not cheap but they 're well worth it .
 We have purchased several plastic hose reels that do n't last and do n't work very well . The rapid reel is metal and comes with a secure anchoring system and clear instructions for installing it . My husband was very impressed . We can pull our 100 ' hose all the way out and then roll it up easily . It was expensive , but well worth the money .
 Once installed it 's solid and far superior the the plastic models I used before . One issue
 I was very pleased with this product . It takes the bull work out of dragging heavy , water-filled hoses . My wife had hand surgery and I had back surgery so we needed a simple , reliable way to handle heavy hoses with less effort , bending , pulling etc. . This answered our needs very well . I first saw the product being used on a daily basis at a local commercial flower nursery so that says something for durability . Like some other reviewers , I might have preferred more pre-assembly at the factory but assembling it was not too difficult . It is a winner !
 Absolutely Excellent Company and people . They contacted me about a backordered part gave an estimate of time and came in well before the estimate , but they checked with me every step of the way , absolutely terrific service from an AMERICAN COMPANY making an AMERICAN PRODUCT . Kudo 's to all you folks.I bought 1 each of the hose reels to try them and they are perfect and very well made . I 'll be ordering several more of each of them . Good stuff from good people . How refereshing you guys , keep it up !!!!!!!!
 This is the third rapid reel product I 've purchased . As with the other 2 the quality and finish are outstanding . The reel is made of an alloy whichis light weight but strong and non-corroding . It 's easy to assemble , operates smoothly and is leak free . Their customer service dept is among the best . If you purchase this reel , you will never look at a plastic reel again !
 This Rapid Reel perpendicular reel is my second and I am happy to report there is no deterioration in quality . The cast aluminum mount and reel , the stainless steel fasteners , and the brass rotary joint are what sets this reel from the other plastic models . Of course it costs more , but you know when you go to use it there are no leaky sprays and cracked plastic . Worth the money .
 I bought and installed the Rapid Reel 150-Foot Perpendicular Wall Reel and love it ! I do agree with the other reviewers , though , who caution that you have to be careful in the way you reel in the hose , otherwise it can get bunched up and make contact with the wall mount , thus preventing it from turning and reeling in the rest of the hose . The Parallel model would not have this issue.All in all , I found the reel well constructed and easy to install -LRB- thanks both to the well-written instructions and a neighbor 's masonry drill ! -RRB- . It works great and has really cleaned up the back of our house .
 I have had this product for over a year , now , and am very pleased with it . The only drawback I see is that you do have to be orderly in your reeling in the hose or it wo n't hold as much hose as you might have to store . Other than that , it beats hands down the flimsy plastic reels -LRB- multiple because they break -RRB- I have had the misfortune to have in the past .
 I replaced a crappy plastic reel left to me by the previous home owner with this high quality product . Not only is it aesthetically pleasing , it is built solidly . It was easy to assemble and mount . Although it is advertised as handling 150 ' of hose , it is a little tight with 100 ' of 5/8 inch hose . 75 ' of 5/8 would fit better . I plan to buy another .
 Ordered the reel last week and it arrived today on schedule . I had it shipped to work and if I had ordered three more I could have sold them to my buddies . I read the instructions once and had it assembled and installed in less than 30 minutes . NO LEAKS . My old plastic one which is broken is headed for the dump . It looks like I wo n't have to buy another reel for many years to come . I highly recommend this product .
 DO N'T I repeat do n't waste your money on any other hose reel than this one . This is the second one I purchased -LRB- for the other side of my house -RRB- after giving the first one a good testing . I have kids who ca n't think far enough ahead to realize that there is an end to every hose which they usually discover after stopping short from a full run because they reached the end of the hose after it ran out . After a year the department store hose reels start to look worn already , my Rapid Reel looks brand new and it 's seen 2 winters already.A quality American product , not a piece a cheap Chinese junk .
 Yes ! With all the positive reviews , I was n't sure another one was necessary , but this product is that good , and dealing with the company was such a pleasure.Like others , I was out to replace an old plastic hose reel , and the reviews of the current replacements were so disappointing that I looked for a better alternative . This is it . It is a well-designed , solidly made product , assembles easily , and works great.The only problem is - it seems so well made , that I 'll probably never need another one .
 We own five of these at two homes.They will last as long as you do and you wo n't end up buying those plasticimposters over and over.Now if I can just convince the maker to make a swivel design because afterall the reel should point to where you want to go with the hose or wind it in from where it lies .
 I 've used other hose reels -LRB- plastic -RRB- and this metal one is by far the best I 've seen and used . You still need to help guide the hose on by hand , but other than that it 's worth the price . I bought this through a marketplace vendor . I paid $ 74 for it plus shipping . The price seems to fluctuate on this product . I 've seen at up to $ 120 . I would n't pay over $ 80 .
 I ended up purchasing 4 Rapid Reel units , 2 parallel , 1 perpendicular and a 2 wheel cart . All of them came with the necessary parts though there was a problem with the thread on one of three bolts and the manufacturer sent me a replacement via FedEx next day 10 AM delivery on Saturday!I am very satisfied with this product and recommend them over any other hose reels that I have seen or used . I give away 4 of the 5 old hose reels that I had and I was glad to see them go .
 This is a very nice unit . It can be assembled in several different configurations depending on where you want to put it in relation to the faucet . Instructions were good and assembly was easy . Everything fit together very well , I was surprised at the tight manufacturing tolerances . My unit was not missing the concrete anchors.My only advice with installing this unit is that the instructions have you assemble the unit before drilling your holes in the wall but it 's much easier to mark off and check your hole alignment if you do this before you assemble the unit . That way you only have to hold up the backplate against the wall instead of the entire bulky unit and it makes it easier to see what you 're doing .
 So durable and stable . Loved it so much I have 2 and bought my dad one . Ca n't go wrong !!!!!!
 Excellent product . Great instructions for easy assembly . Well-designed and constructed.I could n't be happier !
 I hate the cheap plastic reels you find in the big-box stores . I bought some metal reels a couple of years ago , but they ended up rusting and leaking . I bought two of these Rapid Reels last year , and I was so impressed I bought another two this year -LRB- covering all of my outside faucets -RRB- . They 're made of solid , heavy metal , brass fittings , and stainless steel nuts and bolts . The paint finish is high quality , and shows no signs of fading on the two that I 've had up for a year . All pieces are made well , and I 'm convinced they 'll last many years . The assembly is straightforward , and the instructions are clear . Yes , these reels are pricey , but the quality justifies the expense .
 The quality of this holder is FIRST CLASS . This shows what can be produced when quality is paramont . I would recommend this to anyone wishing to have the best possible hose holder.You will be very happy using this holder for many years.Again , this is FIRST CLASS all the way .
 I 've been putting up with a cheap -LRB- but not in price -RRB- plastic hose reel ever since we moved into our new house a few years back . It was free as the previous homeowner had installed it but that 's where the positives ended . It leaked like crazy and the plastic was n't strong enough to even hold the hose.I knew I needed an all metal hose reel and that 's when I found the Rapid Reel . Holy cow folks this thing is a beast ! The Army could fire these from cannons and do massive destruction . They are THAT strongly built . Even the hose that connects the reel to the house is an industrial Good Year hose . It looks just like the hose used on gas pumps . The brass fitting where the hose hooks into the reel is a very heavy , high quality piece of brass with a ball bearing inside . Rapid Reel has a 10 year no leak guarantee on this and I do n't think they need to honor that very much.The reel when mounted to the front of the house does stick out quite a ways , I 'm talking about a foot and a half here . This reel is quite massive so if you 're married guys get ready to hear it from your wife on this one , I know I did :-RRB- . Seriously though if you have a small ranch style house this reel will take up a lot of real estate on the front so you might want to measure before you buy it.As far as how good this reel works I can tell you it 's a pleasure to use compared to my old plastic reel . The sheer weight of the reel itself helps to create a momentum that more easily pulls the hose back in . I 've seen no leaks so far , not even a single drop . I have 75 ' of 5/8 inch hose on mine right now and theres room on the reel for plenty more hose . The reel almost begs to be loaded with it.My only reel ;-RRB- complaint with this product is that it was supposed to come with anchor bolts for mounting to concrete , bricks , etc. . Mine did n't come with these , and I 've seen at least one other reviewer state the same.All in all I 'd say if you want a very good quality , American made hose reel , buy this one . It , like the Humvee is big and ugly , but it gets the job done long after the others have fallen apart , and that to me is all that matters.Update 2-2-09
 I own two of these , the parallel and the perpendicular reel . Although they are both bullet proof as stated in the other reviews , it is worth mentioning that the perpendicular unit can not hold as much hose because of the fact that the hose eventually piles up and contacts the holding bracket . So if you need to hold over 100 feet of 5/8 hose or over 70 feet of 3/4 hose , the perpendicular unit is not for you , get the parallel unit instead . The parallel unit will hold 120 feet of 5/8 hose and 80 feet of 3/4 hose , although it must be carefully and evenly distributed for it not to fall off the sides .
 I purchased 5 steel version of the Wall Reels -LRB- 4 perpendicular and 1 parallel -RRB- from Amazon about two years ago . These reels are heavy duty and very well made in America . I recently purchased 6 more Rapid Reels -LRB- 2 perpendicular and 4 parallel -RRB- from Amazon . These reels are made of cast aluminum so they are much lighter in weight . The product is made in China and appears to be well made too . I liked the new packaging . I noticed the feeding hose has been down sized to 5/8 '' from the previous 3/4 '' but it is still from Goodyear . The brass swivel part is not as robust as previous product . While I was installing these new units water actually leaked out from these brass swivels if I wiggled the rigle angle hose coupling . This is the coupling where your water hose connects to . Since the units are new I do n't know how it will compare with the previous version however I do have one complain about the product . The design apppears for right handed users . The previous product worked well for right or left handed .
 I agree with the majority of the other reviews , with one huge caveat : It will not hold 100 ' of 3/4 '' goodyear hose purchased off of Amazon . -LRB- GoodYear HP7262-C 3/4 x 100 ' Rubber Water Hose -RRB- . Sure , its beefy 3/4 '' , but that 's why I wanted a beefy reel.Also note that it wont hold 100 ' , let alone 150 ' . It is n't that the hose wo n't actually fit on the reel itself , its that it rubs against the mounting bracket.If only I would have bought the non-perpendicular model , I would be happy!Carefully wound , this reel holds about 90 ' of my hose .
 Installation was easy and the product is everything it is advertised to be . I have received a number of complements on the appearance and obvious quality of the product . Well made and should provide a lifetime of service .
 This is an extremely well designed product . I am happy someone spent the time to actually design a hose reel that works . Using powder-coated metal and stainless steel hardware is how to do it right.I bought multiple reels . In one of the units , one of the four screws was defective -LRB- the head was round instead of hexagonal -RRB- . Rapid Reel promptly sent me two screws to replace the defective one . This was probably a one-in-a-million occurrence and did n't bother me at all.I bought 25 , 75 , and 100 foot length EPDM rubber hoses in 5/8 '' sold on Amazon . These are large outer diameter hoses , and they all fit nicely . Although the Rapid Reel specifications claim a 150 foot hose will fit , that would probably only be a cheap , thin , 150 foot hose . With a high quality -LRB- large outer diameter -RRB- hose , you can expect to get about 100 feet of hose on this perpendicular reel.I will be very disappointed if this hose reel does not last for many , many years . The company has absolutely done this right and it 's well worth a few more dollars .
 This is what a hose reel should be
 This is the best hose winder I have ever used . No more plastic carts falling over while unwinding ... no more hose getting stuck in the plastic cart and wo n't come out ... no more leaking hoses ... no more having to step on the foot piece or bend over with your knee and hold the cart down while trying to wind up the hose . I thought it was a little hard to read the directions to assemble it but once I did and mounted it you could tell right off the bat it was a great product.I 'd say this product is the equivelant of a Weber grill for hose reels .
 purchased this item and within a week purchased another . excellent construction , built to last . newer model now shipped with stainless steel mounting hardware for wood or brick . truly top of the line product .
 My wife and I purchased this item a year ago and it 's the best reel we ever had , so easy to wind up , and made of strong steal , not cheap plastic . We bought one as a birthday gift for her brother and although he could not use it , the item arrived on time and the return through Amazon was very quick . I strongly reccomend this reel .
 There were absolutly no leaks after I installed the Rapid Reel . Very easy to install , and the directions were very user friendly !
 Great , I love it . No more plastic reels breaking off the wall . Wife likes it too , she says it real handy . Kenny
 very nice for a hose reel , does n't leak , alittle big , over all best i 've seen
 This hose reel is of the best quality and beats all the other plastic junk on the market by a mile . This is the second one that I purchased . Made of rust proof heavy aluminum , brass fittings , and stainless steel mounting screws . I definitely recommend it .
 A dandy , just what I have come to expect from Rapid Reel . Made out of actual metal ! Good fit and finish , clear instructions , solid product at a reasonable price .
 First of all I have to mention that I DO NOT own this product , but I am seriously considering purchasing one . I have been reading review after review of people mentioning that this is MADE IN THE USA . After a bit of reading on Rapid Reel 's website I found out their products are NOT made in the USA . I have attached a direct quote from Rapid Reel 's website . `` Recognizing that the marketplace and economy we all operate in today is a global one , Rapid Reel utilizes an intricate combination of both domestic and overseas operations to bring it 's world class products to market . This efficient system enables us create trend-setting designs , manufactured to the highest quality standards , sold at fair and reasonable prices to the consumer , and backed with unparalleled customer support.The current process starts with proprietary designs , created by our in-house team of engineers . Next , we do a global search for component factories that can fabricate the parts to our strict quality guidelines . Currently , the majority of these fabricators are located in China . Third , the components are shipped back to our Lincoln , Nebraska facility for final inspection , packaging and delivery via FedEx , UPS , or LTL carriers . Customer service staff is all local , and in-house . So , even though the majority of fabrication-only processes take place overseas , rest assured that your purchase of Rapid Reel products supports both American families and the American economy across a wide range of industries . ''
 Great item and fast service from the company that sold it to me.Thanks
 We purchased this reel for our son who gave us the number and where to buy it . Since we purchased it for him for Christmas , and it 's winter here , we ca n't address anything about the quality other than to say it looks like a good product and it shipped very quickly . If further evaluation is desired , he should be the one to respond . Thank you for the good service . Fred Kaiser .
 It went together easily -LRB- and would have been even easier if I had noticed that the instructions explicitly call for a Phillips # 3 screwdriver -RRB- and all components appear to be of sturdy quality .
 This is a great Product , Works Great . excellent Quallity Super Fast shipping and follow up FIVE 5 STARS !!!
 This item is good & sturdy , it should hold up well under Gulf coast conditions ... it survived Ike !! The negative
 This hose reel is a top quality product that is obviously designed to last . The included hose leader is plenty long enough . Instructions were complete and easy to follow . Although designed for 5/8 '' hose , I have 3/4 '' rubber hose on it now . The only issue with that is the product includes a kink-free spring for only a 5/8 '' hose .
 Best product that I have purchased in a long time . Plus made in the good old USA .
 Reel is the best of it 's kind out there ! I broke a small tab that connects the hose coupler to reel during install and I mentioned that on the customer survey RapidReel sent me ; They sent me 2 replacement tabs immediately without me even asking for one ! Great quality build , will buy for other properties as well .
 The product performs as anticipated from Rapid Reel . Very sturdy . The only instruction change would be to mount the base on the wall before proceeding to install the spool . This allows installing the mount with an electric screw driver simple and easy . Great product .
 This was very easy to put together.Would buy this again , If I had to . Very well built .
 I love this hose reel . Its very durable and does n't leak . Installation was a breeze . Much better than the plastic ones I 've been using . Looks good too.G.A.S .
 Very happy with this hose reel . Sturdy ! Hopes it lasts a long time .
 Bought this to replace a expensive , leaky , plastic POS . This is well-made , does not leak . I concur that it is easier to NOT follow the assembly instuctions , and mark & mount the mounting bracket before attaching all the other stuff . It has nice SS hardware , which I appreciate . Only downside is that When I reel in 100 ' of hose , unless you are VERY careful to wind the hose very neatly , it binds between the reel & mounting bracket .
 The reel is a very well made unit . Quality throughout . I only wish that the mount was a bit more universal for lining up the holes to morter joints on brick surfaces . It appears that this product will last forever .
 This is the third hose reel I have bought in two years . Last year 's unit did n't last the summer . I then bought one from the ` big ' home center . That lasted two months before I got rid of it ... Then I bought this unit and wow what a great reel . Easy to install and great to use .
 This is an exceptionally high quality produt ; very strong and works exactly as described . Unlike cheaper hose reels , this one does not leak and is made with brass fittings . Some reviews indicated that the item shipped without masonary attachment bolts . Mine came with all parts .
 I bought this hose reel because I was tire of replacing plastic hose reels . This a really well build unit . The instruction for the assembly of the unit are very easy to follow . They also give you different mounting hardware for wood or brick . I am very happy with this hose reel .
 I am very impressed with this product as I have used similar plastic products in the past with great dissatisfaction . The wife and I could n't be happier .
 By far one of the best built and highest quality reels on the market . I would highly recommend this unit to anyone in the market for a hose reel .
 Years ago had a metal hose reel that lasted many years , but eventually wore out . Could not find another metal reel so settled for plastic which did not last . Have installed Rapid Reel and it works great even better than the metal reel I had years ago . It was easy to assemble and attach to the wall . The braking system is quite ingenious . Good price and works great !
 This hose reel is very well thought-out and designed and is constructed of the best materials suitable for the use .
 This is a fantastic product , if you 're tired of cheap hose reels that are hard to use , fall over , and usually hurt your hand , then this is the the product you should buy . I just installed my second reel . My wife and I really like them for their ease of use and quality . I have 100 ' of hose on one and 150 ' on the second and they work perfectly . The kit is easy to install , comes with all hardware needed for either a brick/block wall or wood siding , and easy instructions . If you 're looking for a good hose reel this is the one to buy .
 Just wow . I 'm a techie , DIY kinda guy . I love this rapid reel ! After going through 3 plastic hose reels in 4 years , I researched and bought Rapid Reel . I was thinking about getting another one for the other side of my house and checked when I ordered my first one in my account history . I ca n't believe it 's been 6 years since I first bought this !!! Where the heck did 6 years go ? anyways , I digress . It 's still in fantastic shape . I use it all the time . No leaks , no rust -LRB- it 's aluminum -RRB- , still rolls smooth as silk . I use it with a 100 ' Gilmore 5/8 '' hose . My Rapid reel is on a south-facing wall and gets full sun . The coating is just fine after 6 years . I mounted it to the outside of my house in an area that is wood-framed with vinyl siding . I mounted it with Lag bolts and I was able to get one side onto studs . The other side did not match up with studs so it 's into the sheathing only but has held up perfectly fine . In those 6 years , at the rate I was going with crappy plastic reels , I would have been on my 4th or 5th reel at $ 35 per unit for about $ 175 . This rapid reel is saving me $ 35 per year now . The payback is about 4 years . I expect to get at least another 10 years out of the reel . It will save me at least $ 400 .
 After suffering through several plastic hose reels that consistently leaked and constantly broke parts , I ponied up the cash for this awesome beauty . The huge plus is that it is made in America!It is made of aluminum , so it wont rust , and it definitely wo n't break like the normal cheap Chinese plastic ones . I bought mine in March 2008 and it is still going strong.The only thing about mine that went wrong is this . My reel is on the west side of my house , so it is in near constant sunlight from about 1030am till sundown . The plastic retainer that `` clicks '' when you roll up the hose -LRB- it is a brake so that the hose does n't unwind on its own -RRB- broke after two years of normal use . This is n't really a problem , I just went and ordered two on the Rapid Reel website and fixed it when it came in . One was to fix the other was for a spare.The powdercoating still looks great , no sunfade at all . My wife hates how she has to guide the hose from side to side when you roll it up , but my trick is to wet my hand and the hose just glides over my palm while doing this . I 'm really getting sick of my other hose reel in the backyard . It is plastic and sits on the deck , but I 'm just waiting for that to break so I can justify the purchase of another Rapid Reel !
 I bought this product 3 years ago after replacing 2 plastic hose reels over a 4 year period . This one is a keeper . It shows no signs of rusting or aging and while the hose had to be replaced the reel goes on .
 You could n't hurt this thing with a shotgun . * Solid ! * Sturdy ! * The last one I will ever need!I was tired of buying two hose reels -LRB- one for the front and one for the back -RRB- every two years . So I spent a little more and bought this one . WOW ! Wind the hose with two fingers.My 88 years old dad lives with us and he likes to garden . He LOVES this thing.I bought one at first just to see . It is everything I could expect and more so I bought a second one . I am a very satisfied customer !
 Great hose reel . Sturdy , not like those cheap plastic ones . I had a problem with the zip tie to hold the hose in . It snapped , but I bought another one at the hardware store for $ 1 and it works great .
 Anything else is a waste of money . The price may seem seem stiff for something to reel up your hose ... but after you use it you will never question the purchase . Purchase this one because of functionality and quality almost all metal construction . Not getting your hand dirty ... increasing your hose longevity ... and having it be mounted up off the ground and saving your back ... are things I didnt even think about when i purchased the first one . I decided to add this review before buying an additional one for the other side of my house .
 This thing ROCKS . a solid product . Have two and love them.I dont see how it would hold a 150 ' hose however . I have a good quality 100 ' hose and it just BARELY makes it on here under normal use . Do n't bother withover 100 ' of hose . You will LOVE this product .
 This is by far the best hose reel available . I have both the perpendicular and parallel mount models and they work flawlessly . A bit tricky mounting in brick but as long as you double check your marks it should be fine . I highly recommend this . Made in USA is a plus .
 A quality product made right here in America . A definite buy recomendation from this buyer .
 Like most reviewers here , I got sick and tired of leaky , squirting , crappy plastic reels . I looked for what ranks the highest among Amazon reviews and I found the Rapid Reel . Have been using it for a month and am very satisfied so far . It has nice solid , mostly metal -LRB- aluminum , brass , stainless -RRB- construction , with a couple of minor cons
 This is my second Rapid Reel product and I have yet to be disappointed . I bought the two wheel cart version of this hose reel 3.5 years ago and that is still working perfectly too .
 This reel should last a lifetime . We had n't planned to spend this much on a reel but , once we installed it , we are glad we did . Sure beats the plastic ones that fall apart every year .
 I was tired of buying plastic hose reels that would fall apart every couple of years . This looks like it will last a long time
 You wo n't find quality like this at Lowe 's or Home Depot . Very solid construction . Functions perfectly .
 This is an excellent hose reel . It is very well built and operates very stablely and smoothly . Do n't waist your time buying an inexpensive plastic one that will last a few years , spend a few extra bucks and get one that will last a lifetime .
 I purchased three units . I had a problem with one the the units plastic anti-roll back parts not fitting properly and the part cracked and broke . A little disapointing , since I bought the units trying to avoid buying anything with plastic in it .
 This is a very well built product , and their customer service is excellent !! I had some difficulty getting the hose reel mounted to my wall , but the person in customer service was very helpful . I think it 's worth the slightly higher price to get a far superior product - I expect this piece of equipment to last a very long time , unlike my old plastic hose reel .
 I ordered two Rapid Reel hose reels , one parallel and one perpendicular and was sent two perpendicular ones . A quick contact with the supplier and I was e-mailed a UPS return label to send one of the reels back at no cost to me . A few days later , the parallel one arrived . What great service!I agree with the other reviewers - these are the Cadillac of hose reels . I have tried the plastic ones and one year is all I was able to get out of them . Have both of the Rapid Reels installed using the included hardware . The lag screws were long enough to go through Hardiplank siding and into the studs . The reels hold lots of hose and are very smooth and easy to use . These babies are built to last ...
 ... I thought there would be a hose in that box too . Otherwise , pretty good reel .
 I wanted to grow a plant indoor that will flower without a lot of sunlight . I was surprised how easy it is to take care of it . I water once a week then it starts to droop just a little . I water all the way through and drain . I just added a fertilizer stick that I got on Amazon and that is it . I will probably transfer it to a bigger pot in a few weeks . . Really good purchase . Ca n't wait until it get 's bigger .
 The product itself was decent . It is a small plant , and a few of the leaves were brown spotted . Only one flower was broken . Not at all a bad buy .
 I needed a plant for a room that gets very little light , so I ordered the Peace Lily plant . When it arrived -LRB- quickly -RRB- , it exceeded my expectations . It was prettier and bigger than I expected ... about 16 inches tall , very green and lush . It was in perfect condition ... no damage at all . I wish I had ordered several at the time ... but I will definitely be ordering at least one more .
 I love my lily plant , but I think she would be happier in a bit more sun than they recommend to flower : -RRB-
 Some leaves came bent and a flower broke off , i 'm assuming during transit . The handlers needed to take way better care of this package , the package came all dented upon itself . Perhaps you should have added a fragile sticker on it ? but i mean , overall it is a good plant . You recieve exactly what is shown in the photo so no complaints . just dissatisfied with how it arrived .
 I searched online for the perfect desk plant since my new workspace needed some color and life and read about the easy-to-care-for peace lily . To my surprise , they sold this very affordable and true-to-picture on Amazon and shipped directly to my work in great condition.I 've had my plant for 9 months and what I love is that even some weeks it 's not looking so happy -LRB- my fault -RRB- , just a bit of water picks it right back up almost instantly.Item will arrive as just the plant , a handful of starter soil and a plastic base container , so you 'll want to have another more decorative and permanent pot as well as potting soil ready when this guy arrives .
 I 've had the plant for several months and it is doing well . It is a good size -LRB- maybe 60 cm high -RRB- and it is still flowering . I was a little displeased with the packing when it arrived , there was dirt all over the box .
 I 'm no green thumb but , I 've always wanted to get into indoor plants so , I thought I 'd try something hardy.Even though my house is n't very well positioned for sunlight the plant seems to be striving with light watering -LRB- a splash every 3 days -RRB- and with less than 3 hours of somewhat direct sunlight.I have had to clip off a few dead leaves but , it could be my own ` fathering ' . I seems to be feeling much better , now .
 Beautiful enchanting deep green , extremely lush and healthy . Perfect addition to dining room or for enhancing the decor of any room . Our home has received a noticeable increase in peace since we received this plant .
 I was a little hesitant before purchasing this plant because I have never received a plant through a parcel service before . Every other vendor I was looking at was selling lilies for $ 20 - $ 40 , while this vendor sold for $ 5.39 . This plant arrived two days after it was shipped -LRB- USPS , plant leaves and stems wrapped upright with brown paper , whole box full of styrofoam peanuts -RRB- , and aside from two stems that were pinched and eventually died the plant is very healthy . The plant size on arrival was 11 inches tall , 2.5 inches wide at the base , 17 inches at the widest point , and it was in bloom . After I was sure it had arrived healthy I immediately transplanted it to a larger pot because it was root bound.Very happy with this plant and very willing to purchase from this vendor again !
 It arrived on time and in great shape . The size was perfect with beautiful deep green leaves and a few white lilies . It was exactly what I needed for my beta fish . Thank you !
 Ordered these for a room that has a sometime smoker in residence - Peace Lily said to purify air . Plants arrived healthy and are doing well with minimum water and light.Only complaint is the packaging - a box of styrofoam peanuts . Prefer paper .
 I purchased this plant about 3 months ago . Arrived looking great and healthy . Still looks great today !! I placed it into a 10 '' pot and it stays in my living room with no direct sunlight - Only light is from 2 large windows about 10 feet away.Great plant !!
 I had already purchased one of these peace lilies , which is beautiful . It arrived in perfect condition as did the second one . The second arrived with several blooms and emerging blooms . I have repotted them and have one sitting on each end of my fireplace hearth in matching ceramic pots , which are self-watering pots . I am so pleased with my peace lilies , and I highly recommend ordering plants from Amazon and Hirts Nursery . They were packaged very well with no damage whatsoever .
 I 'm very happy with my purchase . Granted I just got it today , but it was very nicely packed in a box marked `` perishable '' . Came within 3 days of purchase . Everything was there and 2 flowers getting ready to bloom . I dusted it off and put into a cute vase . I 'm excited to have a plant in my work cubicle .
 I recieve this plant earlier than i thought , and the plant looks great , it came in very good condition , look so alive that you will thought its fake .
 I have had my peace lily for about a month now . It is growing nicely . I 'm not going to comment on the price because it is what it is . If you do n't like the price do n't buy it here . I 'm sure it is going to flower nicely . It looks great so far and is getting bigger every day .
 Peace Lily Plant - Spathyphyllium - Great House PlantSnake Plant , Mother-In-Law 's Tongue - SanseveriaMilkyway Cast Iron Plant - Aspidistra - Loves Dim LightHirt 's Victorian Parlor Palm - Chamaedorea - IndestructableI have to say , I was more than a little skeptical about ordering live plants over the internet , but the price was so reasonable , I had to take a chance . There was no reason to worry ! All four plants look wonderful . The trip does n't seem to have had any noticeable effect on any of them . I will definitely recommend this seller to anyone looking to purchase house plants !
 I purchased this plant a while ago and it gets more beautiful with time . The blooms and truly beautiful and creates an aura of peace and tranquility . I must admit , the price is somewhat steep but I received a quality plant.I have since purchase two other Peace Lilies from Lowe 's and they too are beautiful and much larger ! Know too the price was considerably more reasonable !
 I keep it in a water filled vase and it is doing just beautifully still almost a year later -LRB- although it has n't flowered again but since I was really just looking for something to keep in water with a betta fish I could care less -RRB- . Looks beautiful and my fish appears to enjoy it as well !
 When my peace lily arrived I was a little surprised to see that it was packed in brown paper wrapped around the plant and the box was full of Styrofoam packing peanuts . There was a stalk that had been crudely bent in half , most likely from the commotion while shipping . -LRB- the reason for the 4 star . -RRB- Some of the leaves were a bit yellow from stress or overexposure to sunlight . The Flowers were white and green , and it has enormous leaves ! It was a lot bigger than I expected ! It is about 12 inches high but holding up the bent stalk it 's 17 inches high . -LRB- not counting the pot . -RRB- But other than the defects it is a very pretty plant that is perfect for in my darkish bedroom . It is doing very well so far and is an easy plant to care for . It is nice that the slight drooping means water time . Although , as it is not super humid where I live it does require a frequent misting of the leaves . This Peace Lily is perfect for a person who wants a hardy , low light plant that needs minimal care and blooms a lot . And it is beautiful ! -LRB- I will be updating on how well it is doing later due to the bent stalk . -RRB-
 still alive after 2 years . no flower since i put plant in just water filled vase with beta fish . did a ton better in a dirt pot . im just happy its still growing . needs more sunlight
 After reading some of all the reviews on this plant from Hirts I had to give voice , I Owen three plants I ordered from Hirt 's House and one is the Peace Lily and all I can say is the all my plants are doing very good it just takes the right care and to know what your doing . I wish I could put a picture of all the plants I orders so every one can see , but if you could you can on my Garden page on Facebook.com and look for slickrick20032001 @ yahoo.com and you will see them all and I 'm in Brooklyn , NY any way I just want give Hirts House a excellent job on shipping and packing the plants they arrive in excellent shape . From RRAMOS thank you for your service .
 This plant arrived today , still moist , and for the most part undamaged . It is large , about a foot from the beginning of the pot , and has a wealth of leaves . I will update my review if it becomes unhealthy , but it seems like an enthusiastically growing , healthy plant .
 I was hesitant to buy a live plant on line but now I do n't regret it at all . My plant came shipped with another one that I ordered and arrived in perfect condition . Both of the plants that I ordered look BEAUTIFUL . I just replanted them and am sure that they are going to do well . I will definitely be buying from this seller again . *** UPDATE *** It 's 2/10/13 And my peace lilly still looks great !!!!
 Nice to see a `` normal '' thermometer and not an electronic gadget . Nice big print , can be used indoors or outdoors .
 Great unit still woking here in 2013 purchased it new in 2004 ! Quiet running and long lasting quality . Would recomend to anyone looking for a small generator .
 ... The ZT1436 is ... It is a bit noisier than other brands I have tried , but for the money I saved it 's bearable.It does the same job around trees and plantings as the more expensive units and for me should last a lifetime as I do not intend to use it daily to mow for a living . -LRB- Professional brands -RRB- I would recommend this to anyone with `` stuff '' to mow around as it cuts your lawn care time in half -LRB- even less -RRB- so you can move on to other interests.Just as easy to use as the Big names zero turn units , only half the price.So far I am quite pleased.Parts are available internet and phone , but no local dealers for service.I figure I can fix anything that may go wrong and they will supply the parts if need be.This Zero turn mower actually makes lawn work fun !
 I have used my Swisher 36 '' zero turn for 3 years now . I have not been gentle with it and it has performed flawlessly . I mow 2 acres and I am currently looking for a good deal on a 50 '' swisher , so obviously I have a lot a confidence in Swisher mowers . Also , I have had to replace a couple of deck bearings and the Swisher part people are extremely helpful and actually know about their products . I had a couple of bearings go bad after about 250-300 hours , which is pretty good , even for a commercial quality mower .
 I wanted a zero turn mower but not a huge one , I have a medimum size yard with lots of trees and narrow spaces between fences and flower beds . This is the perfect width and size for my use . I bought the mulch kit , and the only complaint is that instead of the factory drilling a bolt hole for the plate and putting a bolt in it if your not going to use it , you have to drill your own hole and the deck is thick metal . Otherwise I would have given it 5 stars .
 I have had this mower for over a month now and cut the grass 7 times . It has power to spare and appears solidly built . As received the maximum cut height was 2-1/2 inches . Deck adjustment brought it to a little over 3 inches . The indicator shows a maximum of 3-1/2 inches . Engine starts easily and runs smoothly . I got the mulch kit and removed the flip down grass chute . . much more satisfactory getting through gates and tight places . I would have rated 5 stars if the deck adjustment had been set correctly . The safety features are never intrusive and work as advertised . I leaned too far from the seat and lost my balance . The engine immediately shut down . With the limited time I 've owned the mower , I would recommend it .
 Excellent mower ! I 've been looking for a mower this size for a long time and I 'm very pleased with the quality . My only compliant is n't with the quality of the mower but with the condition it was shipped , and the description . There is n't an auxiliary pull start . The battery was dead and the tires were flat . Major inconvenience !
 By mistake , but now I 'll never have to order another ... sometimes I forget to take it off in the cold winter and they freeze and split . Between my memory and the doz . I got , I should be set for life !
 Just a note because i HAPPILY own one of theze little buggers -LRB- 110v 7.5 amp -RRB- . No , it aint much but what it is is GREAT ! Bought as LAST generator in southern tier of New York for 2006 floods and NEVER regretted . OBVIOUSLY , it is limited , but it CAN run many tools and appliances ; more than one wood expect . a standard FRIDGE , 5-9cuft freezer -LRB- check ratings -RRB- , small circular saws , sawsalls , drills . VERY small nailgun compressors . The cig plug batt charger works VERY WELL , but you do need a HEAVY DUTY plug for the socket . standard cig plugs will MELT charging batts , but runs normal loads well . We can run 5hr on 1/2 -3 / 4 load . With good fuel ; EXCELLENT start-ups . Now if you want a actual household `` stand by power '' , you need BIGGER ; hot water heaters REQUIRE 4500W minimum . but for good occasional ECONOMICAL , camping , or field use , BUY IT ! as with ALL gas-powered products you MUST , no arguing , MUST add ethanol type fuel stabilizer to ALL BRANDS gas . we use premium and have MUCH BETTER results as well . Synthetic oil not a `` must '' , but does make noticeable difference in small units -LRB- after break-in run -RRB- . our use , power out , we can run fridge or freezer , TV and computer and couple of lights . start fridge , then TV and add one atta time from there . I HAVE volt checked each run and very stable 115-117 volts even when swap fridge to freezer . neither need be plugged in ALL DAY . well there you go !! i guess i AM satisfied with ours :o-RRB- enjoy !!
 Extremely easy to use started on very first pull and a lousy one at that . It is not as quite as I expected or was led to believe , but having said that it is n't terribly loud . Too high of expectation ?? Overall extremely well made and easy to use .
 I have had this mower over a month know , It has ran very good , cut very good , shipping was fast , Very happy with this mower , would buy again ,
 These are a direct replacement for my Sears &#34; Craftsman &#34; weed trimmer . I have not had the opertunity to use them yet so I can not state their durability .
 I am re-ordering this pack . I read a few reviews on my husqvarna walk behind trimmer and found some comments about their OEM trimmer line . A couple of users suggeted THIS trimmer line for the machine vs the OEM line . It has a square cross section that seems to cut into the weeds -LRB- with the edges -RRB- better and it lasts much longer . We were able to cut into light brush quite well . Iron weed was the only challenge it faced - requiring line changes more frequent than normal . It snaps in and holds well in the husqvarna head . I have not found it in a spool yet - maybe because the resin used is stiff and does not spool well . The clear container the line comes in has a little sponge in the bottom . They suggest keeping the sponge damp - I guess to hold some humidity in the package which must help the resin line material remain less brittle . I 'll be buying this line regularly .
 These are hard to find in any store around here . They came quick and work well . Ordered two packs should last me a few years .
 The value of these packs is pretty good . They are not the toughest trimmer line , but they do work rather well . Buying them in bulk is a good idea since you can go through them quickly . I have used 4-5 pair for each of several projects I have undertaken with the machine so far . Again , a good value for 18 pair ! I actually purchased two packs , taking the total over $ 25 , so shipping was free . That alone saved me $ 11 .
 This is a consumable , supplied by the Mfgr . Product was as represented , Delivery was prompt .
 When I opened the box , my heart sank and I almost went into cardiac arrest . The parts flung around out of their plastic bags , the cheap looking wheels , the junky look of a cheap Chinese engine . None of this inspired confidence in me but I added oil and pulled the recoil cord one time and this little monster burst into rpm 's . I went through 50 feet of small blackberries without bogging down and knew that this baby was all business . WEAR goggles . I took it to my cabin on the coast where the wet grass was waist high and quickly cut the lawn , None of the wet grass got stuck . If you jerk the wheels back every so often , the grass will fly out like wood from a chipper . I realize this machine is n't for everyone but if you 're willing to overlook the fact that it might not be a thoroughbred , it does have a lot of heart and will get the job done .
 Was very satisfied with the quick arrival of the trimmer mower . Still learining about the machine but have put it to a tough test with excellent results to date .
 I flashed the plastic and my Swisher DXQ was delivered less than a week later . Having used it for several days now , I 'll post my review here.Some assembly is required . You 'll put on the wheels , and the handle . I noted what another reviewer said here previously about the handle coming loose , so I used lock-tite on the handle nuts , and they have not come loose yet . Yes , the wheels are plastic , but remember this unit is under $ 400 -LRB- edit update
 I have used this trimmer for the past three months to control the weeds around small trees . It will cut through just about anything -LRB- including trees ! -RRB- without bogging down . The line will last quite a while as long as you are chopping weeds and not rocks , barbed wire , or anything metal . Overall a very good product . I have not ever used the tilt head . The only drawbacks are the flimsy wheels -LRB- replace with metal rimmed wheels -RRB- and the tendency to get too close to something important ! The brace holding the guard did break off but a quick weld fixed the problem . My machine has been run for about 120 hours with no problems under some severe conditions -LRB- heat , dust , large amounts of vegetation , etc -RRB- . I would purchase this item again but I may look at the Trail Cutter for my application in the future .
 Have used it over an hour now and seems to work great . Really like the tiltable head . Allows you to shave right down to the ground . I have tried a DR trimmer and I like this better because of the tiltable head . Only problem I had with it was the bottle of oil that was shipped with it leaked all over everything . Was quite a mess .
 Good amount of power for the price ... What I like ... great on gas for the amount of power it puts outgood amount of power for the pricefairly lite compared to other equivalent unitssturdy and easily transportedstarts fairly easily in warm weatherdecent gas tank capacitylow oil detection device is a nice insurance policy2 year warrantygas gauge on gas capgood surge capacity -LRB- 8500 watts or 55 % more the rated load capacity -RRB- What could be improved ... noisey little bugger!handle is a little flimsyno electric startUnknown as of yet ... not sure how this will start when it 's colder , I 'm sure I 'll wish it had the electric start though !
 I was more than satisfied on this generator as a backup power supply unit . The 5500 running watts along with the 8,500 starting watts more than supplied my needs . During Hurricane Jeanne , I was able to power a 230 volt 12,000 BTU window air conditioner unit along with 2 refridgerators , a 27 '' television , cable TV , and three lights . I felt the unit could sustain a bigger load since the generator ran for 101/2 hrs on the tank of gas . The only time that I was aware that the generator was loading down was when the compressor would kick in on the air conditioner . The built in regulator kept the unit at a sustained output.It was obvious I did not run the unit at full loading . This unit ran for 48 hours during the outage and we expierenced no problems with the unit . It did not use any oil and was extremely reliable.On unpacking the unit and setting the unit up was a quick and easy matter . The initial start up took two pulls on the recoil start . From that point on , everytime I started the generator -LRB- even after it had been off for 4 hours -RRB- one pull was all that was needed.The neighbors advised me on how quiet they thought the unit ran.The only draw back was that due to the size of the unit , even though it is on wheels , makes it difficult to move around . Most women would never be able to move it around . The wheels set towards the back so the majority of the 180 pounds are situated directly on the front feet . I would have preferred to have the wheels and handle on opposit sides so when you would pull the unit out from under a protective cover -LRB- during the rains -RRB- , you would not have to pull it all the way out to shut it off to refuel it .
 Unit did the job during the short period of power disruption caused by hurricane Jeanne . Started on first pull out of the box and any other time I have started it . It has more than enough power to handle a freezer , two refrigerators , a few lights , fan , and TV . Despite the oversized muffler , it still produces a pretty good amount of noise -LRB- thus four stars -RRB- . But , it sure cost a lot less than a quieter Honda .
 I bought this from Home Depot using a 10 % card , this is the one top rated by Consumer Reports , but as usual no longer manufactured by Generac -LRB- Briggs and Stratton now makes it -RRB- It started first pull , and I ran a compressor , chop saw , and battery charger and the voltage never dropped below 113 volts , except on the compressor surge where it dropped to 109 . It is big and bulky , and I would recommend a transfer box if you were going to rely on this , in my case its a true emergency generator so i can run my tools directly to it.It is loud , even with the silencer , but no more so than a large pressure washer.When we leave Hurricane gulch in a few years look for it on eBay ...
 I purchased this over 5 years ago and it works like a champ . I purchased it when I was building my house and it has powered everything . . Saws , vacuum , air compressor and welders . It 's also been used to charge batteries while camping for an RV . Air compressors and Welders usually trash generators , but I 've never had any issues with this welder . When I purchased it new i was $ 700.00 and it was well worth it .
 My powers out after a bad electrical storm , power company should fix it sometime this week , what they said . After sitting in my garage for 2 years it started on the first pull -LRB- after numerous pulls with the power switch OFF -RRB- . The power switch is in a bad spot , hidden way under the gas tank . You ca n't see it unless you get down on your knees and look for it . I have it plugged into my dryer plug powering my whole house . My 2 year old watching the 55 '' projection TV , my son playing the Wii on another TV , 2 refrigerators , water heater , pool filter , this PC and wife on the phone all day . I turned on my A/C unit and it blew the generators fuse -LRB- everything else turned off -RRB- . It 's gon na be 100 today so there are fans blowing full blast all day . Last night with a full tank it lasted 8 hours , 3 ceiling fans and one box fan.I also left the choke on half way all night by accident . I had a terrible night sleep because of the noise it makes . I do n't know what everyones talking about when they say it 's quiet . The only way I could sleep was with ear plugs.If I had to buy another generator I would buy this again . Now if I can only get a better muffler for it .
 Like most of you , I cut my lawn each week and sometimes more during the growing season . I lead a very busy life with three kids and I do not want to spend my whole week-end cutting my grass . I live on an acre of ground , so I was used to spending 2.5 to 3 hours just mowing every time . This mower is a lifesaver for me . Not only does it leave the yard with a professionally cut look , it cut my mowing time dramatically , to 1.5 hours.I recommend this mower to anyone who is seeking a good solid mower for a very fair price . There is very little assembly required -LRB- you have to fasten the arms -RRB- and it runs great . It is an adventure trying to start it the first time , as there are no instructions ... but it runs great once you get the hang of it . It 's all in the positioning of the `` Choke '' lever . When starting , place the `` Choke '' lever in the middle , not all the way towards the mower . Good Luck and Happy Mowing .
 We moved to a bigger house with a half-acre lot to mow . After looking at competing products for 1.5 - 2 times the price , we bought the Swisher based on price and cutting width -LRB- 42 '' -RRB- . We 've been satisfied with it
 I felt compelled to write this review after reading the negative reviews posted previously . I will preface this by saying that I have alot of experience with mowing equipment and , therefore , did n't find the assembly of the handlebars difficult . I could , though , see how it could be confusing to the user who does not have alot of experience with heavy equipment . I actually recommended in the reply card that they enclose some simple instructions on assembly to the end user.Upon completion of the assembly , which only took about fifteen minutes , I broke the mower in as recommended . The engine took a little cranking to get running , but since that point I have not had any problems . The mower runs and operates very smoothly . I have mowed with other more expensive walk behinds and found this one simpler to operate and easier to handle . It cuts very nicely and turns very easily . I am able to mow my yard , which is about 2/3 of an acre , in about 40 minutes . I do not think it is built to the specifications of the more expensive commercial walk behinds , but this mower is intended for residential use and not commercial . I think Swisher has put out a very good alternative to the higher priced commercial mowers for the residential user . I 'm sure that if the mower is assembled correctly initially , it will perform well for the end user.I am very pleased with the quality , price , and performance of this 42 inch walk behind mower . I have mowed my yard with it 6 or 7 times and have had absolutely no difficulty with it at all . If the purchaser has no experience with this type of equipment , I would recommend having someone who does assist with the assembly and break in of the mower . This should eliminate any problems in the future .
 I purchased this item in March 2004 . I have had no problems operating this mower . A note of caution
 I used this product a few times last Winter . In total , I used it for two snows and lingering ice on what I would consider a large driveway and a typical adjacent walkway . I would sprinkle it around on the drive and walkway before it snowed . In two snow events , I used up approximately half a box , including preventative ice prevention . A 16oz measuring cup was used to spread the ice melter about as opposed to using a typical handcrank style fertilizer/chemical spreader , which also works well with this product.The results?When it came time to shovel snow or scrape ice , I found the ice/snow had n't attached to the tarmac/concrete below and the ice would sheet up as it was separated from the surface with a floor scraper . You still have to work in order to remove the snow/ice , it just is n't as hard of a task . I took away a star as based upon literature I read , I was expecting more from the product and my expectations were n't met.When the ice melter was spread around icy areas by the downspouts , ice would n't form but the solution could be washed away . This , of course , is dependent on the amount of melt water coming from the down spout . Overall , it 's not a perfect solution to the problem of snow and ice but it helped considerably when it came to control and removal . The use of this product does require vigilance on the part of the user as to making sure fresh product is laid down in a timely fashion ; especially at night before going to bed . It sure beats the alternative of doing nothing or using caustic to the environment products that 's hard on pets , plants , concrete and the interior of the home when unavoidably , it gets tracked inside.My only complain is the lack of availability on the local market as shipping makes this product , to me , expensive . This product , this vendor , with shipping included , is sold at the best overall price I could find . I find that I like to have two or three boxes of product onhand before the first snows but I also find that one box will get me through three or four snow events . Overall , it 's a good product and it works well.Hope the above helps .
 This power washer itself works fine and is super powerful . I 've used a friend 's in the past , so I ordered one for myself . The functions are great , you get five nozzles , a 50 ft. hose that comes in super-handy when you 're on the roof -LRB- or so you do n't continually have to wheel the washer from place to place -RRB- , and everything that it says it can do and comes with is true . It 's almost a no-brainer purchase if you 're looking for a powerful washer . Once you get it , you 'll be happy with all the features . Hence , the five stars for the product . This , however , is more of a review of Briggs and Stratton and their , uh , `` support , '' rather than a review of the actual product . Be scared , be very scared.It goes like this
 A great value for any home owner !!! The higher PSI and GPM , comes in handy by reducing your cleaning time to a minimum . While lesser pressure washers -LRB- < 2400psi -RRB- will clean most anything you would every want , the 1808 will do it in half the time with half the effort . This unit also comes with spare o-rings in case one fails which will minimize down time searching for a replacement parts .
 Forgive me for not rating this specific pressure washer but I bought one just like it . I would like to share my experience with you , hoping it will help others . I bought a Generac pressure washer with a 6 HP Briggs and Stratton Intek engine . The washer was rated at 2250 PSI and 2.2 gallons per minute . It came with an aluminum head . Note the best washers have brass heads . To make a long story short , I was pressure washing some paint off of my basement walls when the pump head developed a crack , and I lost a lot of pressure . It was my fault . The reassurances that their is a pressure release valve did n't do the trick . The problem was that I washed a few sq ft , then put down the wand , wet vac 'd the water , went into the other room to dump it , then came back and picked up the wand and washed some more . After an hour of this the head went.Lesson learned , be sure and keep the water flowing through the pump to keep it cool , while it is running , or risk losing the pump . The unit was 400 dollars new . When I contacted Generac they said , buy a new pressure washer . The head alone was over 200 , and the pumps ceramic pistons or worse could be damaged as well . Depression set in . It had a two year warranty , which I was not aware of , when I winterized it and decided to deal with it next year.Their is light shining at the end of the tunnel . Boogle.com solves all . Just type in pressure washer parts , and up came pressurewasherparts.com . On their home page they had a special on a complete replacement pump for 189 dollars -LRB- an Annovi Reverberi with a brass head , none the less . -RRB- It was less than the cost of the replacement aluminum head alone from Generac . It was rated at 2400 PSI and 2.5 gallons per minute so it was an upgrade to boot . I simply unbolted the entire pump from the briggs , and bolted on the new pump . A few tweakings to tidy up the couplers with teflon tape to prevent leaks , and I was right back in business.Another thing worth mentioning is that I was at one time disappointed that I did not buy a washer with a Honda engine , but bought the Briggs instead . Well guess what ? The Honda engines , as you can see by the reviews , are not holding up . Plastic internals . Give me the good old Briggs heavy metal , and it starts on the second pull.One last note is that the higher pressure washers do give you more pressure , and in some specific chores that can be beneficial , but overall the benefit to more power is that the job gets done a lot faster . Once you get close to 2000 PSI you can comfortably etch your sidewalk or deck . Less than that , break out a solution of 50/50 bleach and water , and wet mop it on before starting.With a 2000PSI + you are etching an area about 3 '' wide . Holding it farther away , making it wider than that , and all you are doing is rinsing it off . With the greater pressure washers , 3500 PSI for example , you can cover a greater area with the same level of cleaning . Net result , more results in less time . Hope this was helpful .
 If you are willing to move up the cost is worth it . This is a serious unit with an AR pump which will outlive the engine . The extra pressure makes cleaning faster . Big box orange store has a Ryobi for $ 500 -- what a joke . Spend the $ 250 extra and get a real machine -- real AR pump , real pressure hose , excellent engine -- just quality through and through .
 I purchased this pressure washer around April of 2004 . For the most part I am very pleased with it . I mostly use it for cleaning car engine compartments and car parts but I have recently used it to clean concrete , bricks , house gutters / shingles and a wooden picket fence . The performance is quite impressive , with the yellow spray tip -LRB- which is what I use most often -RRB- and max pressure this washer will clean almost anything ! I have taken bumper stickers off of car -LRB- along with some paint too , oops -RRB- . My only complaint with the washer is the wheels . The first day I got the washer and unpackaged it I noticed that when I would roll the washer that the wheels would wobble slightly . This did n't bother me too much because I really would n't be rolling it very far and I 'm pretty gently with the unit also . Well , I 'm sure you can see what 's coming , one day I took the washer out and was rolling it when one of the wheels fell off . Basically the wheels fit over and are welded to a hub ; the hub is then bolted to the frame of the washer . Well , the welds on the wheels really suck . I took the washer to a Briggs and Stratton authorized repair facility , under warranty , they ordered and replaced both of the wheels , which went back order and took almost two months to get . After the wheels had been replaced I went and picked it up and the wheels still wobbled . As it stands right now I am just waiting for one of them to fall off again and I will repair them `` properly '' myself . Performance wise I would rate this washer a 5 out of 5 but because of the problems I have had and anticipate having in the future I am only giving a 4 out of 5 overall . For $ 800 -LRB- which I might add is a very good price when compared with the Sears Craftsman version that is exactly the same with the exception of an 11hp engine instead of a 10hp for $ 1150 -RRB- I would expect better quality wheels .
 I am really satisfied with this machine.Everything works well , great pressure , etc.No complaints what so ever !
 So far , I have n't experienced any major problems with this machine . This is my first pressure washer , so I do n't have much to compare it to . However , the product has delivered everything I 've asked of it . The only problem is , an o-ring broke and it was the only size ring NOT supplied in the repair kit . Other than that , I am pleased with my purchase and expect many more years with this equipment as a part of my painting business .
 I have a large barn , over 7000 square feet . It was never painted and the boards were a drab gray to black with green mold covering the lower three feet . I wanted the barn stained so I hired a bard painter to bleach , power wash , and paint the barn . He bleached and washed the barn , which got rid of most of the mold and gray , but the black spots were still there . I was not happy with the look because I was going to use a semi-transparent stain.The bought the Briggs & Stratton Model 1808 3400 PSI Pressure Washer and started re-washing the barn . Wow ! What a difference . The boards look band new . This washer has more than enough power to really clean the wood . The four gallons per minute allows you to move right along . Do n't get to close or you can cause some serious damage to the wood with this washer . It took a little practice to back off at the end of each stroke so I was not going over the same spot at the full intensity more than once . The washer pump has an overheating protection device so if you let it idle for a minute or two , not to worry . I am using this wash for 8-10 hours at a time . It runs great .
 It cleans anything I need to clean . Great for cleaning vinyl siding , just use pressure - no scrubbing necessary .
 Bought this because my kayak seat was not very supportive . I own a pelican fishing kayak -LRB- sit on top -RRB- . This seat gives me hours of support . So comfortable that I can go for hours with any back or butt aches . Absolutly love it .
 This kayak chair works well on both of our kayaks -LRB- we have moved it around as needed as it is much more comfortable than our old chair -RRB- . It is comfortable , sits well , and is MUCH better than not using a chair at all . It fits the kayaks well and has made kayaking a more enjoyable experience for us - less aching backs and tushes !
 Great seat ! It was a gift to my wife . She really likes it . She has a bad back and the seat helps reduce any back agravation on long paddles .
 Shopped around and this is definitely the best chair for the money . You cant go wrong with this purchase and it arrived in a timely manor .
 It fits my kayak perfectly and it is very well made . Not a cheap toy . I love the high back and the wide , thick padded seat . Very comfortable for long kayak trips.Update August 18,2009 I have been using this Kayak seat every week and it is still extremely comfortable , stable and provides excellent traction . I am on this thing for at least 3 hours . The quality is superb , all the straps and clips are well made and it really looks like the best Kayak seat I have ever seen .
 It 's a good seat , but needs a lot of adjustment to make it great . Take your time and do it in calm waters and you will tell your friendsto get one !! Very comfortable .
 We love these kayak seats . They are very comfortable , and fit well on our kayak . It makes paddling a lot easier .
 Fit my kayak well . Lots of support even though I am a large guy with a bad back!I 'd buy another if i get a new yak !
 This seat is comfortable glad i bought . Made in the USA Montana would highly recommend for kayak users , if my girlfriend ever tries she 'll want one
 I use this in my Lifetime Sport Fisher . Straps in easily , adjusts fast with the pull straps to support my back.I 'm a big guy -LRB- approx 6 foot , just under three hundred -RRB- and it fits very well against my back side . Nice and tall . For a smaller paddler this must feel like a nice big lazy boy in the boat.The seams were sewn well , no issues with straps pulling out or working loose . The snaps are coated , so they wo n't likely rust.It does n't have much padding on the bottom , but the thick and dense foam seems to work fine for me . Any thicker and it would be hard to finesses the kayak under you when you want to move it around .
 By far the best seat that I have used on a sit-on-top kayak . Well worth the money . I would Highley recomend this seat for an upgrade on your sit on top kayak .
 Bought this seat , sight unseen based on written reviews . Have to say I am totally pleased with this product . After several hours in the kayak I am still `` bum sore '' free . Recommend this product for anyone who is in their kayak for any extended time . Great for short trips too .
 I recently purchased the 1694 from Amazon . The first thing to note is the item description . The engine that powers this unit does not employ OHV as Amazon states . I was disappointed since part of the reason for purchase was the OHV engine.PROS
 I purchased the Sears Craftsman version of this item that is rated at 2000 psi and 2.0 gpm . The Sears unit also came with the turbo wand and extra oil for $ 199 . Engine started second pull and has continued to do so . Its clearly for residental use not commercial , but does a lot of things very well . Do read and follow the instructions closely about purging air before startup . CONS
 I purchased this unit two years ago to clean my motocross and enduro machines . I also use it to clean the wheels and tires of my Silverado and the wifes Xterra . With this unit , I have yet to maually scrub the wheels and tires clean of brake dust - the washer just pounds it off . Leaves the tires/rims spotless -LRB- inside of the wheels also -RRB- . You 're not gon na blow the siding off the house , but it has plenty of power for basic cleaning . The unit has faithfully started on the second pull for two years - winter and summer.I 've owned two other portables and although this unit does not have quite the power of my 5 horse unit -LRB- 2400 psi -RRB- , it still does a great job . Very portable & easy to set up -LRB- brass quick disconnects from Northern Tool -RRB- . Overall , it represents an excellent value . Two friends purchaed this unit for motorcycle cleaning , and both are very satisfied .
 Forgive me for not rating this specific pressure washer but I bought one just like it . I would like to share my experience with you , hoping it will help others . I bought a Generac pressure washer with a 6 HP Briggs and Stratton OHV engine . The washer was rated at 2250 PSI and 2.2 gallons per minute . It came with an aluminum head . Note the best washers have brass heads . To make a long story short , I was pressure washing some paint off of my basement walls when the pump head developed a crack , and I lost a lot of pressure . It was my fault . The reassurances that their is a pressure release valve did n't do the trick . The problem was that I washed a few sq ft , then put down the wand , wet vac 'd the water , went into the other room to dump it , then came back and picked up the wand and washed some more . After an hour of this the head went.Lesson learned , be sure and keep the water flowing through the pump to keep it cool , while it is running , or risk losing the pump . The unit was 400 dollars new . When I contacted Generac they said , buy a new pressure washer . The head alone was over 200 , and the pumps ceramic pistons or worse could be damaged as well . Depression set in . It had a two year warranty , which I was not aware of , when I winterized it and decided to deal with it next year.Their is light shining at the end of the tunnel . Boogle.com solves all . Just type in pressure washer parts , and up came pressurewasherparts.com . On their home page they had a special on a complete replacement pump for 189 dollars -LRB- an Anovi Riveri sp ? with a brass head , none the less . -RRB- It was less than the cost of the replacement aluminum head alone from Generac . It was rated at 2400 PSI and 2.5 gallons per minute so it was an upgrade to boot . I simply unbolted the entire pump from the briggs , and bolted on the new pump . A few tweakings to tidy up the couplers with teflon tape to prevent leaks , and I was right back in business.Another thing worth mentioning is that I was at one time disappointed that I did not buy a washer with a Honda engine , but bought the Briggs instead . Well guess what ? The Honda engines , as you can see by the reviews , are not holding up . Plastic internals . Give me the good old Briggs heavy metal , and it starts on the second pull.One last note is that the higher pressure washers do give you more pressure , and in some specific chores that can be beneficial , but overall the benefit to more power is that the job gets done a lot faster . Once you get close to 2000 PSI you can comfortably etch your sidewalk or deck . Less than that , break out a solution of 50/50 bleach and water , and wet mop it on before starting.With a 2000PSI + you are etching an area about 3 '' wide . Holding it farther away , making it wider than that , and all you are doing is rinsing it off . With the greater pressure washers , 3500 PSI for example , you can cover a greater area with the same level of cleaning . Net result , more results in less time . Hope this was helpful .
 Like the other review my pressure washer when delivered was turned upside down and all the washer pump oil leaked all over in the box . I called briggs and stratton 1-800 # and after speaking with a representitive , briggs and stratton sent a bottle of oil to me which arrived at my door step in two days free of charge.Made sure all the oil was out of the pump and put the new oil into the pump and I was in buisness , as it works like a champ . I purchased some quick connectors for the hoses and I 'm very pleased with the unit . Could not find one cheaper , the only bad thing is deliverly . UPS turns their boxes upside down reguardless what the box says . You would think when part of the box leaks oil and the odor of pump oil is like gear oil you would think they would get a clue.I did advised briggs and stratton that the pump oil should be separate like the engine oil is.They stated they would look into it , , , ya right ! , , what ever.Just be careful if you order a pressure washer , , pump oil may have run out of it . Do n't run the pump , , call B&S ; and they should help you out .
 This pressure washer is a dandy . The OHV Briggs with AR pump and a sturdy well built cart , runs like a champ . Plenty of pressure , be careful it can blow the siding off your house . Amazon has the lowest price I 've seen , with free shipping what more could one ask for .
 Update 1/11/13Still like the generator but there are a couple of things to note . It uses a ton of fuel . This is an issue when the power is out and gas is not readily available . We are now looking into switching it to natural gas so that we can keep it running during long power outages . The handle is underbuilt for the size of this thing and should have been made to lift from both sides not just the right side . It has easily bent and now needs to be fixed . Changing the oil is a bit tricky.From a power standpoint it is awesome . I have yet to overpower it even when connected to the house . During the last ice storm even the neighbors were plugged into it . It 's a great generator but man is it loud!Original Review : Great so far . Easy to start and maintain but it is super loud . When they say quiet they must mean slightly quieter than a motor with no muffler . I 'll have to build a shed to silence it . Overall though we are happy with it .
 Awesome generator for the price compared to the competition . Comes with ALMOST everything you need . Did n't come with a 50amp plug . Although to Briggs ' credit , they include 3 plugs -LRB- 20a/120v ,20 a/240v ,30 a/240v -RRB- , wheel kit , cover , spare oil filter , spare 2qts oil , spare spark plugs and even a spare air filter w / prefilter ! Unit cranks and runs like a dream . Comes w / 2yr consumer warranty . Only issue I had with it was it did NOT have an hour meter , but an easy fix for ~ $ 30 . I panel-mounted one I got from auto parts store -LRB- see picture -RRB- . Have had no problems with auto-idle control as previous reviewers .
 For the last 27 years , we have lost power 3-4 times a year and never at a ` good ' time . I read all the reviews , visited Home Depot and many stores , calculated my needs , and ordered the 10K to backup my entire house -LRB- 2400 sq. ft -RRB- including A/C or heat . Along with the generator , I had a manual transfer switch installed . The generator required very little setup , although I did need the help of a friend unpacking ; it started the first time I pushed the electric start ... in a second it was running the whole house with A/C ... fantastic . I have never used it in a real ` power out situation ' but run it for 5-10 minutes each month for maintenance . The noise level is tolerable and less than other generators , according to several reviews.The price and quality ... which equals value ... are the best for a portable generator . For about $ 3500 -LRB- generator , manual transfer switch , electrical material and labor -RRB- this is a cost effective way to back up your house with just the flip of a switch . My only regret is that I wish I had gotten the sale price ... after finding on Amazon , I waited until the next day to order .
 We live at 8300 feet in the Colorado Rockies . Although power failures are infrequent , they tend to be lengthy . As we are on an electrically powered well , no power means no water as well as no heat.We have had the generator for 2 years and have used it for two lengthy periods , both over 24 hours.It has performed flawlessly with an abundance of power for the whole household including the 4000W well startup . It is well interference protected as well as surge protected so we can use our delicate electronic equipment without concern.Maintanance is simple and easy , the trickle charger keeps the battery at full charge and it starts easily regardless of temperature . A excellent piece of equipment in all regards .
 Overall , this is a great generator but it would be better if it had an hour meter since the maintenance is based upon the run time . Would I but it again - YES . Enough said .
 This is an excellent generator . Extremely well-built with one of the best engines available . Although most people consider the Honda engines better , I would argue that the Vanguard OHV dual cylinder engines by Briggs and Stratton are superior . The advantage of two cylinders is less noise -LRB- relative to a single cylinder -RRB- and smoother operation , particularly during load shifts.They start in very cold weather without problems . And unlike most generators , this one comes with tires and a battery . I had the transfer switch installed this past weekend and we tested the generator on a standard whole-house load . The generator had no problems running everything in the house , including a large central air conditioner . I turned on my 6HP air compressor and it started up without problems . I confirmed that this unit can temporarily provide 12.5 KW , and seems to run smoothly at 11KW although it is only rated at 10KW . The only advantage to the more expensive inverter-based Hondas is during low-power operation when the RPMs can be cut back . This generator must operate at full-speed even when providing only 2KW of power . But for whole-house operation , I do not think you can find a more cost-effective , reliable system .
 I bought this for hurricane use and it powers my entire house including a 21/2 ton central A/C unit . It works great and will fill your most likely needs . Best item I ever bought from Amozon.com .
 I like it very much , it works great !!!
 Just noticed some bad reviews and was surprised , so decided to put in my two cents worth . I have enjoyed these for a few seasons now and am completely satisfied . I have two of them for my orange tree -LRB- since guests do n't like to wait their turn -RRB- . My friend borrowed one for his olive tree , kept it through orange season , so I 'm looking to buy him his own . Gave another to my friend 's mother , who loves it for her peaches . Other pickers are too harsh on her deliciously tree-ripened fruit.Some features : Can be adjusted to various angles to accommodate different trees and users.Has a sharp blade embedded between top prongs to cut resistant stems . -LRB- Perhaps the negative reviewers have n't discovered it yet or adjusted the angle -RRB- . Has a cloth bag to gently catch the fruit -LRB- large enough for 2 or 3 large oranges -RRB- . Locks to the handle so basket does n't get pulled off and stuck in the tree.Has flat rounded plastic prongs that are gentle to delicate fruit.The handles are sold separately . If you do n't need the extended length , the simple fiberglass one is conveniently lightweight .
 I am about to buy my third fruit picker . Since my mangoes started bearing fruit in2003 , I have been using this fruit picker to pick hundreds of pounds of Hayden mango . The mango sap gets on the bag and stiffens it but no problem . For me , the picker lasts only 3 years before the plastic part breaks . I tried picking oranges but unless it is ready to drop , it does not work well . With all this spaceage plastic , there is no excuse not to make it stronger . I still use the original extendable pole purchased in 1994 . I find the small rake and hoe very useful and durable .
 I USE IT TO PICK AVOCADOS FROM OUR TREES . ALSO GREAT FOR PICKING ORANGES , LEMONS , OR ANY FRUIT . WOULD RECOMEND TO ALL FRIEDNS .
 I use the fruit picker on our apple trees . Works great as I can position the head at different angles to get the high fruit . I originally learned of the fruit picker from an article in the New York Times leasure magazin rating it as the best fruit picker.The large teeth on the comb works grat to hook the fruit . I use with a WOLF Telescopic handle
 Wolf Garten Picker helps prevent fallen fruit and some bruising.as well as becoming tangled in the branches of the trees causing more fruit to fall.The use of the entension handle adds to ones ability to reach higher branches for many women , easier to navigate through the tree . The bag is a deterant to retrieving the fruit from the ground .
 I spotted this while shopping for other Wolf Garten attachments.Since some of our fruit trees are obviously not the dwarf trees I thought I was planting , I 'm very glad to find this item .
 Considering you get 25 feet , and the roll is 4 feet wide , you can cover a huge amount of space . It 's reflectivity is outstanding , it does n't tear easily , and it 's easy to measure and cut . For this price , you wo n't go wrong !
 Pricing shipping and etc were all very good . My only issue was the roll was not wrapped around the tube correctly giving it a wrinkle every 10 inches or so . You could see the badly wrapped Mylar easily enough on the ends so I am not sure how are why this was shipped in that shape . Ultimately I decided it was too much of a pain to ship it back and used it in a warped condition .
 it came in good condition other then that it was n't cut stright or rolled evenly . it something that you have to be careful with because it seems to get nicks and bends in the film . other then that it was a good buy .
 I bought this product to help reflect some sun into my dark bedroom . It is doing its job and it seems durable .
 Better than flat white paint if you can get your hands on it ... trust me ... I put off buying it for years and finally ordered some ... wow ... what a big difference . It was like night & day . After a week my plants have responded with faster growth ... Ill never not use it again .
 This is a nice thick mylar that is fairly stiff . Good for what I wanted -- covering unused windows during winter , covering the insulation I just installed on the garage door , and lining the dog house .
 this product was everything it claimed . very reflective . it is alot cheaper thank buying a plexiglass mirror . i am glad i thought of it .
 This is really good for getting the sunlight on your plants . Now my plats get lots of sun and are really healhty . would recommend
 Great for my strawberries ... . it was their descision , they took my credit card ... how much can i say about foil ???
 I had some blokes in doing the bathroom , and I thought I 'd get them to put this on a window in the living room . After all , most bathrooms have windows , and they have to do sort of similar things all day anyway , right ? Yeah . Right.One of my windows overlooks a balcony where Jays feed , and although they 're pretty used to seeing me , I thought it would be better if I could watch them without fear of scaring them off.So I asked the fateful question -LRB- in a slightly-more-cockney than normal way that I was all too aware of -RRB-
 Great . Very well made . A little expensive but worth it.Does what they say it does . Found all kinds of cool stuff . Already . Very excited to take it to the beach this spring .
 This is good for growing tomatoes and peas in your hydro system you can start your plants from seeds and plant them in 5 '' rockwool cubes in your 5 '' web pots and grow until harvest
 I 've used this product in the past and found it does a good job at preparing the pond for Winter as well as coming out of winter . I did n't use it last year and suffered a serious algae problem this Spring .
 Ive used about a table spoon in a liter of water every other feeding for my cannabis grow , and have experience no chem burn , or wilted . . The plants are exploding with growth , dark leaves , thick stems , lots of steady growth .
 So I thought ... I 'll try this for my plants and I 'm sure it will do something , not expecting too much . Within a cpl weeks , plants dbld in size and are green as ever and healthy and perky ! I highly recommend this along with the Pure Blend Bloom !
 This stuff really works ! I have used similar organic ferts in the past , but nothing really mesaures up to this as far as ease of use and simplicity goes . A + + + + I would recommend this to any beginner or intermediate grower who is looking for an inexpensive way to get their crops to full potential .
 I 'm not one who diligently maintain my spa . Hence , I usually test with Aquacheck on the day I plan to use it . This product does what it says ... ` immediate ' bromide reserve . After application together with oxidizer , I usually check again 30mins later and it does provide immediate bromine . Been using this brand for over a year and works as expected .
 We started our hot tub with chlorine based products and decided to try the Bromine based products and really prefer the Bromine products because you do n't have that chlorine smell with Bromine . Would recommend .
 I switched from chlorine to bromine . This was recommended after the initial fill of the hot tub . Works great and I am happy with the switch
 Got this for a great price on Amazon ! Better than in stores ! Works great in our hot tub ! Love it .
 I 've been using these pruners to clear branches along horse riding trails . The blades are sharp and the ratchet action makes the chore easier . The safety lock keeps the handles in the closed position as it should . Some other pruners have a locking mechanism that is unrealiable . The gripe handles are comfortable for small hands .
 I 've had the `` Barnel B888 8-Inch Aluminum Straight Blade Garden Ratchet Hand Pruner '' for several months now , and they have never failed me.The ratcheting mechanism works well every time , provided that the blade starts biting into the material you 're trying to cut when you first squeeze the handles together . The blade is very sharp so it bites nearly every time . It might not bite immediately if you 're trying to cut something with a very hard surface , such as some of the old bamboo I 've cut with them ... but in this case just use your other hand to hold the blade and anvil tight against the stalk or branch as you squeeze and release the handles once or twice . Then the blade will bite and you can continue ratcheting through the cut with one hand.The only other issue I 've had with these pruners is that sometimes the plastic locking mechanism slides into the lock position when you do n't expect it to . This has n't happened much , and if it ever becomes a real problem rather than an occasional annoyance I would just wrap a rubber band around the slide lock to keep it open while using the tool.Obviously the two issues I mentioned above are so minor that they have not influenced my decision to give these pruners a 5-start rating . The fact is , they have cut through every soft and hard woody material I 've been able to fit into them , they feel good in my hands , and the red rubber grips keep them in my hands without slipping around , even when I 'm wearing cloth/cotton gloves which are notorious for their lack of grip.For maintenance when I 'm done using them I simply wipe them off and apply some spray oil to the moving parts and blade . If they get exceptionally dirty or sticky I scrub them with an old toothbrush and dish detergent , rinse in hot water and dry them , then apply the oil.I have every indication that these pruners will last for years . They are well built of strong metal and I would absolutely buy them again . Having said this , my next hand pruner purchase might be theClauss 20133 8-Inch Heavy-Duty Ratchet-Action Prunerbecause I think they may be another excellent tool . I had a hard time deciding between the Barnel and Claus pruners when I bought the Barnel 's , so I would n't mind comparing them if I ever need another pair .
 ... a regular pruner is easier . For difficult cutting , a good bypass pruner or/and a small pruning small would be better in most cases . I bought a small Corona Clipper pruning saw and since then have harldy used the ratcheting pruner .
 My perma-cultured fifth-acre is home to a wide variety of annuals , perennials , and ornamentals so nearly year round , some thing or another needs snipping , pruning , grooming , or cutting . Reviews for the Barnel line here on Amazon got my attention when I became discouraged with the bum quality hand pruners available locally . I was unfamiliar with the ratchet type but intrigued that users claimed them to be both efficient and easy on hands/wrists . Once ordered , I postponed pruning two Nanking Cherry trees . Now , with that particular job behind me , I 'm here to tell you that these Barnel 8-inchers not only turned that dreaded task into an effortless one but have breezed through every cut and snip I 've thrown at them . Oh , RatchetPruner , where have you been all my life ? ; - -RRB-
 These pruners are the best I have ever owned . They make your pruning a snap . We also own the longer pruners , used for tree trimming and any other pruning job you might have .
 As a result of breaking my right wrist some years ago , I have both arthritis in the wrist and somewhat limited range of motion . So I can have strength issues with certain tools.This pruner works very easily as a result of its ratchet construction . It does n't take a lot of strength or pressure to make it work . I 've used it to prune branches of varying sizes , including those on tangerine trees , bougainvillea , orange trees , rose bushes , and others . Only the thickest branches I tried to cut took more than one attempt . Someone with more strength in their cutting hand would 've been able to do them in one try with this pruner.If you have arthritis or some other issue that affects your strength , or perhaps causes cramping or pain , this pruner will probably work well for you . Its design is comfortable and feels good in the hand .
 Christmas gift for my husband . He loved it and the featuresare just what he wanted in this type of garden tool .
 Good quality and works very well as advertised . It would be nice if it had a little larger capacity . It works well in not only cutting branches but it 's great for cutting tubing too .
 This makes it much easiers to cut those branches that are bigger than normal , but I do n't want to go and get the big clippers !!! Small and fits into the garden bag and really works well !!! You squeeze it together , then squeeze again and the branch is off !! Love them .
 The tool works very well . They could perfect the lock and unlock mechanism , but that is a minor issue with this efficient garden tool .
 With fall tree trimming , then losing some limbs to hurricane Sandy , I had a lot of work to do . I had a set of ratchet pruners from a discount store , they worked well enough for a couple of days , but then the hinge failed . I saw these on Amazon and the reviews looked good , so I took a chance , and boy and I glad I did . Cutting with these was a breeze and although my discount pruners were a big help , these things just work , and they work smoothly at that.I know there are a lot of people out there who will try to steer you away from ratchet pruners , but in my case , it 's not a matter of plant health , it 's a matter of getting this mess into bundles for yard waste pickup . Where these have been hugely helpful to me is in cutting away all of the smaller branches from the huge number of limbs I 've had strewn across my yard , I was able to do this in about half the time it would have taken with my larger loppers .
 This is the best ratcheting pruner I have found . I was introduced to this tool by a relative as I helped prune all her plants over several days during a visit . That 's all it took . I had to have this pruner . I live in Seattle and we have a lot of woody plants in this area . This pruner is lightweight enough for a woman to use , yet it is geared to deliver tremendous cutting power to the blade with ease .
 Have only used it twice and it has worked just fine . The Ratchet is a real help if you have weak hands and cutting through a thick branch .
 These are sturdy , reliable , high-quality pruners and , by far , the best ratcher pruners I have ever used . I have a large mature yard with at least a hundred bushes , shrubs , and trees and I do all the trimming/pruning with these Barnel pruners , a small saw , and aFiskars 15-Inch PowerGear Anvil Lopper # 7972 -LRB- an incredibly useful tool also available at Amazon -RRB- . With my heavy use , these pruners last about 2 years before they need to be replaced . I have been happily using the Barnel pruners for about 5 years .
 I bought these somewhere and then could n't find another pair in local stores . I took a class where we had to bring our own pruners and was totally afraid of losing these !!! Our teacher said ratcheting pruners are not very good , but when he tried these he was impressed . I have arthritis in my hands and really need these as they require less strength . I believe if you look at the reviews for the Toro 29206 Ratcheting Pruners -LRB- that are no longer sold -RRB- they really are this product . I 'm buying two of these ! I 'm also going to buy the other Barnel pruners -LRB- B575 -RRB- to check them out .
 Why you ca n't purchase a rachet pruner in a Lowes or Home Depot is beyond me ... why would n't they sell this amazing pruner to the general public . I want to enjoy working out in the yard not kill myself . Saturday my yard man tried it and now he 'll be buying one for himself from Amazon . You can prune anything without effort making the job go smoothly and enjoying the satisfaction of belonging to the secret club of `` rachet pruners '' .
 these were ` Toro 29206 Ratcheting Pruner ' which i would give 3 stars , but dont want to be unfair if they 've been improved.The release mechanism on the Toro does n't stay in place and u have to keep re-opening them . i dont know if Barnel has improved the defect .
 Used many times , and the Pruners work great ! If any faults , it would be the sliding lock that holds the handles together is very hard to move . I suspect this will ease up with more use
 I was using a theseCompact Ratchet Prunerthat I had purchased at the State Fair last year to clear years of overgrowth from my back yard . They were made of plastic and about a month ago , snapped right in two ! I ordered these unsure if quality ratchet pruners existed . Let me tell you , they do ! These things feel very durable.I love that these do not have rounded blades - it makes it so much easier to quickly get the blade around a branch when you 're hacking away at the overgrowth . I also love that my kid-sized glove wearing hands can cut with these for an hour and not end up sore from the stretching!My only complaint is that they are a little hard to lock closed , but once you get them locked they stay just fine .
 I love these pruners because if the ease of the ratcheting . It makes a tough job easy . Plus no pain on my hands . I wore out the first pair I had and had to purchase another . I highly recommend .
 Works very well with minor effort but ... if it 's a bypass -LRB- where one blade passes by the other whilst cutting the target -RRB- your ' e looking for , this is not it . It is a vey fine anvil pruner , and crushes the stem of whatever your cutting ... not a ` clean ' cut .
 I made the mistake of purchasing a Fiskars ratcheting pruner prior to learning about this workhorse of a tool . The Barnel is simple and efficient and does the job . The teflon blade and the ratcheting action make easy work out of some fairly thick branches . In a word , look no farther .
 GAVE THIS GIFT TO NIECE AND NEPHEW FOR THEIR WEDDINGS . BEAUTIFUL KEEPSAKE FOR THEIR HOMES , NO MATTER THE SIZE . I REALLY LIKE ALL OF THE CARRUTH ITEMS THAT I HAVE PURCHASED - SOME FOR MY HOME AND ALOT FOR GIFTS .
 The description says that it is a `` package of 24 '' and originally $ 104 but discounted to $ 8 . When only one tube arrived , I was shocked . I expected a package of cheap tubes that would last one day . That is what I wanted for my party.Two days after I wrote this review
 We bought this tube for our grandson and he has had so much fun in the pool with us . It holds air really well -- the larger intertube we use does not hold air as well , and tends to deflate as we swim . But this small tube holds air the entire time in the pool , and also when not in use it does n't deflate that much when not in use . Very happy with this !
 I got this for my granddaughters when I take them to my pool . Its size made it possible for two girls to play on it at one time . Provided tons of fun .
 Although you ca n't request what colors you 'll receive I was fortunate to receive two pink , one green and no orange . Orange would 've been my last choice so I figured I 'd probably get three orange . The pink perfectly compliments the two flamingos in the yard behind the pool .
 My kids have used them several times for over a month and they are holding up nicely . Good price for what appears to be a sturdy little pool toy .
 The original part on my dad 's Sears Craftsman mower had broken . So I checked with Sears on a replacement part and found this to be the new part number . Ordered it on Amazon for a lot less than I could get it for from Sears . He installed it without any problems .
 I bought this from amazon because I needed to repair my lawn mower and did n't want to spend a huge pile of money to fix it . After scouring the web I found the best price right here at amazon . It is the same as a factory part , but cheaper than sears.com
 I bought the chaise and the matching sofa . The leather is heavy duty top to bottom . They were delivered FAST . I was a bit worried when I saw the box they were shipped in -LRB- very beaten up -RRB- but both items were protected well inside the boxes they shipped in - and came without a scatch . I only give 4 stars b/c the padding in the sofa does n't seem to be very durable . I 've only had them for a couple months and you can already see a depression where I tend to sit most often . I 'm not a very heavy guy , so that 's my only knock . For the price - u ca n't beat this combo .
 My wife wanted a duck thermometer for the pool . I thought this one was cute and not very expensive . We live in Florida where the water temp is usually very nice , so , it is more for my wife 's enjoyment . It makes her smile ! The delivery was slow .
 We have this little guy tied to our dock at the lake house in New Hampshire , has been there for a few weeks now and works well to pull up and see what the lake water temperature is . It 's not build to be bullet proof , but it bumps up against the dock leg all day and night as the lake waves come in and seems to be able to withstand the beating.Got it mostly so I knew what kind of shock to expect when hitting the water from diving off the dock . So far has worked perfectly .
 Originally received one of these as a gift . Now as they wear out I always get another one . Not always available in stores .
 For someone who is just looking to get into alternative energy , this product is a great start .
 I like this Solar Charge controller . The documentation that comes with it , however is terrible . The functions described of the LED indicators do not match the actual functions . And there is a reset button that is not even mention.The controller itself seems to be operating as I would expect .
 The user guide is worthless the unit is great . You must figure out how to operate the darn thing by yourself . Press and hold the test button until some light or lights come on on the left of the charger telling you the state of the batteries . Once running it will tell you if it is in the charge mode completely by showing the green lightening bolt . The unit works perfectly . If however you are trying to supply power besides charging the battery you will need a grid tie inverter along side .
 This product is what I was looking for . It was easy to install and set up . The only drawback I 've found is that the LED charge level lights are a little hard to read . I would recommend this to my friends !
 very good product . I have it controlling a 500 watt solar array . First one failed after about a month , amazon replaced it , no problems since .
 This alright for the off grid solar system I have , and provide good safety and good control to the charging of my battery bank
 Does almost everything it 's suppose to.For some reason the battery level indicator lights on my do n't seem to function , other than that it works like a top .
 Works perfectly , allows full charge and tapers the flow back perfectly when the batteries reach full charge . Good solid connection points and made to recess into a pannel if needed .
 Works fine . Better on higher power panels.I have a number of small solar applications running at home and have 2 sunforce 5A charge controllers and this 30A one.I find that the 5A controllers keep producing power on my 15W panels at a lower level of sunlight than this 30A one does . It seems to require more sun to keep it going - makes sense I guess as it is built for larger applications . So if you have a low power panel or array , you may get slightly more total production out of a controller built for less current -LRB- Amps -RRB- . However one 15W panel -LRB- about 1A of power given it is a 12V system -RRB- will power this controller fine in direct sunlight , and generally I use it on 3 15W panels -LRB- 45W -RRB- and it works fine to keep a car battery topped up.Have also used it on my 205W panel -LRB- produces about 15 Amps -RRB- and it works fine on that also .
 We bought this to replace a unit that went bad after 2 years of use . It works great with our solar panels , and was fairly easy to install .
 A very affordable , 3 ` x5 ' Korean flag . I got this to liven up my dorm room walls , and it did the trick . Extremely easy to mount with nails -LRB- has grommets that can fit over the nail -RRB- . The only downside is that it is creased rather badly due to packaging . I assume these could be removed with steam , but I never bothered to try.Pros : - Cheap-Colors are true and bright-GrommetsCons : - Creased due to packaging
 Waah , i love the flag ! Theres a few dark spots , but its not something you notice ^ ^ Thank you so much -LRB- - :
 I loved my two year tour of duty ... No anger towards the citizens of Korea . I have dear Korean friends . AMEN
 I feel so patriotic . The size of the flag is for a huge flag pole but I put it in my room and it covers the half of my window . The color is vibrant . Fast delivery and it came in a great condition .
 I purchased this flag for display during our Taekwondo class . I am very pleased with the price and quality . I was expecting something very poor for the super low price . But this flag is of good quality and looks very nice in the Do Chang . Great job and I do n't know how you do it , but thanks !
 The flag was very inexpensive and arrived quickly by mail . It was a great addition to my classroom study of Kenya .
 Excellent flags ! Great material and size . I 'm very pleased with this product . Good prize too ! I 'd definitely purchase more products from this seller .
 I invested in this Sunforce 44447 900W Wind Turbine for a small house in a wind zone . With some help I installed the windmill -LRB- I was corrected several times - they 're called `` wind turbines '' -RRB- - it was very simple . Installing the tower kit is where the time is , because sliding on the turbine and installing the blades is easy . This is a quiet windmill . This 74 pound turbine has only 3 moving parts so it is unlikely to break down . It came with a 5-year warranty . It starts up at about 7.5 mph wind speed and it 's working fine ! You should get the Sunforce Tower Kit with it , and it will be 30 to 33 feet high . You also need batteries to store the power.The current price at the time of this review , about $ 2,200 is a better than what I paid to own it . I paid just over $ 2,600 early in the year and that was the very best price available at the time , without free shipping and from H.D. Thus the current price is excellent , probably the best price compared to buying it from another vendor , and compares favorably versus similar Gamesa , Enercon and GE Energy turbines because I checked . But make sure you get the manufacturer 's 5-year warranty.With a maximum power of 900 Watts at best , this turbine is not going to be adequate to power an entire big house . It is recommended for a `` cottage '' or `` cabin . '' But it 's great backup power nevertheless , and as long as there is a wind speed average of 12 mph or better , there 's no worry about it paying for itself . This experience made me more confident about wind turbines and I 'm thinking next time to go with the Sunforce 44490 if that price hits my sweet spot . That one is more expensive but gets higher output at lower wind speeds and delivers twice the output of this one . Still , you ca n't beat this price for the Sunforce 44447 , a wind turbine that will last a long time no matter the weather and give you an early breakeven point.To determine whether it was a good idea to invest in wind power , I had to first make sure the location has enough wind . It 's recommended that you have at least a 9 mph average wind speed at your house , and there are websites where you can check this . You have to have a radius of about 250 feet to accommodate your tower and make sure there are n't any laws against your putting up a tower . Regulations can be a little complicated , for example some states require easement rights to inspect your windmill -LRB- turbine ! -RRB- whenever they want.It 's also a great idea to check with your utility company to find out if their policy is to connect a renewable energy system to the electrical grid , and they vary a lot in this regard . I am looking forward to the day when we get a federal law that requires power companies to buy excess renewable energy under conditions where it is a public good . The more of us that get wind turbines , the stronger our case will be , so I love to see those wind turbines go up . Until then one has to think more about battery storage and letting the system shut down once the batteries are fully charged in most states . If your utility company does n't have a dedicated individual to deal with grid-connection requests , you can try contacting the state utility consumer advocate group or the state energy authority.You still need to get the tower kit to mount the turbine . This is the one to get for this turbine : Sunforce 44455 Wind Generator 30 ' Tower Kit
 -LRB- This is a great turbine for the correct wind conditions . Well-built and very inexpensive for what you get . -RRB- There are good reviews here and elsewhere , but I wanted to add a couple of do-before-buying recommendations : - Do n't rely on a simple windmap of your area of the country - Measure it . There are many folks who have datalogging anemometers available for loan/rent on a tall pole . - Put up a pole the height you 're thinking of , and measure the wind speeds for -LRB- ideally -RRB- a month in the summer and in the winter . - Consider going another ten feet higher in elevation . Most of the small wind turbines I 've seen in the field have been mounted lower than optimal for the winds . The price of a taller tower is small compared to the turbine operating less efficiently . - Then compare actual wind speeds with the power output vs. wind speed curves - Get a permit if it 's required !
 I have one of these and the reason I purchased it was after finding all the additional details at http://www.searchgeek.com it helped me decide and I love it . It is great having free electricity . All my neighbours think it is great but someone did call the town and they said I need a permit . We will see .
 This is a very good quality professional grade rake . It should last a very long time . I 've used it to move dirt and gravel . It 's much better than my old wooden handle rake .
 This is a great product , and the merchant shipped in a timely manner . I live in the country here in North Carolina . My yard is bigger than most , so I require gardening products that are tough . This rake is sturdy and has a fiberglass handle . The merchant carefully boxed this product , and they shipped the item in an expedient manner . I would purchase from this merchant again . Product and merchant get an `` A '' on this transaction . Well done .
 Ordered a rake and received a first class product.It was shipped as promised , in fact I was surprised at the quickness in which I received it.I will do business with this company again !
 Lighting fast shipping and great packaging . This product is beautiful ... the picture accurately shows the striking blue ceramic pots , and the seeds provided germinated in 4 days ... I 've got parsley and some other stuff -LRB- I just wanted something pretty for my window -RRB- and I 'm so excited that I have n't killed these things off yet . The great thing about these plants being in the kitchen window is that I am always reminded to water them -LRB- the sink is only 13 inches away ! -RRB- I love it , and I think that this is a super deal !
 I bought this as a gift and have not had a chance to speak with the person I gave it to . I was impressed with the quality of the product . The color was what I had hoped for a very deep blue .
 I bought this as a gift for my daughter and I was there when she opened it . She loved it , it 's really nice , she loves growing herbs and the little pots are beautiful .
 Accurate description and photos . Small enough for a window sill , but large enough to grow the herbs . Makes a good gift .
 I gave this as a grab bag gift over Christmas and it was a hit ! The blue color of the pots is vibrant . I need to see how the herbs grew . BBL ~
 Very pleased with these nutrients as far as price and the amount you get . I see this being enough for 2-4 cycles with 6 buding plants . Ill post a reveiw after my harvest but so far a great deal . Very small jar of cloning gel so you may want to purchase a jar of clonex think it cost 16.00 on amazon . If for personal use the small jar will be fine . Thanks alot hope this helps . Hempfest 2010 Montana see you in the crowd =D .
 Most Kits like hydrofarm cost almost 50-75 dollars and give you great results , i cant lie . But surprisingly this was 1/2 the cost and i got a few extras as well . The cloning gel alone is a 20 dollar value and im getting this whole kit for 36.10 including my shipping . wow , im saving 50 dollars and im getting the same job done , and then some Now i can use my 50 dollars to buy my hydrofarm growing light . . this was a huge help on my budget
 This kit is very simple , even for beginners , and produces great results . I kept getting nute burn before , none now . This stuff even smells great when you mix it up . Highly recommend for hydro rigs and soil .
 this kit is wonderful . ive had great results with bc nutes . the recipe is is printed on a sheet , and very easy to follow . just watch your ph and your vegtables , flowers , and herb will grow beautifully , with amazing results !
 This set of products is the best I 've ever used . I would recommend getting yourself a larger bottle of the Sugar Daddy in addition to this kit . It 's the one thing you will use the most of . For the flowering cycle I also add the Fox Farm Soluble Trio . You 'll get amazing results !
 Very easy product to use and with the chart you ca n't go wrong . It has everything you need to fertilize your plants and is a great way to learn how .
 Great little kit to get started . Easy to use ! Has the recipes in the kit , easy to mix . Great Product .
 I will never buy anything else , this product worked wonders with my plants . I did start them out with about a dose during the first week or so in veg state . Then I moved to the prescribed dosage on the instruction sheet . The only draw back is you will run out of the sugar daddy , get a larger bottle .
 all around great kit , whether you 're starting out or have been doing it for a while , ill probably just stick with this kit each time
 this kit is great for a beginner that is not planing on doing a lot of plants.for the price it seams like a great deal but i soon realized that although these are superior chemical.i quickly ran out and had to get more.larger bottles were around twenty dollars a bottle.just remember look at how many bottles there are.good luck and knowledge ai n't cheap -LRB- my trial and error -RRB-
 this is a great item . I have used it numerious times with great success . the only problem i have is the seal on the bottles , there is always a few drops from each bottle in the box . besides that ... I Love It !!!
 This product is very successful and very helpful for all your growing needs . I recommend this product to everybody that loves to grow plants . I will purchase many more times .
 i have already been using this product for a while and i must say if you follow the recipie you will have amazing potent results . this stuff produces vibrant healthy plants with no need for weekly nutrient changes in the recipe . great for beginers or gurus
 this stuff is amazing if used the right way u can turn little buds into giant beautiful smelling flowers and it really does make the plants grow faster , healthier , and with sooo much more flavor and potency then any regularly grown item , this is a must have for any sort of green thumb . try it out i bet anything u wont be disappointed !!!!
 every thing u need to make happy healthy plants great recipe guide comes with it the price can not be beat
 Almost week away to start flowering and so far real good.I followed the feed guide lil but and did lil of my own feeding schedule just diluted it lil more than says and still very well.just remember this is allot of nuets so try not to over do it.less is more ... only other thing using is lil but of bat guano which very high in phosforous all in all good for two mid size harvests I believe.I will buy again but this is my first time so trying fox farm next.we will see what the difference is .
 Begin with ph 'd water and follow the instructions , then you can get creative and master the possibilities ! Be observant ! Very click to play !
 My 4 little plants came and the packaging was excellent . I smelled the famous eucalyptus smell immediately . It 's day 4 and they r still living , which is great considering I can kill a cactus in less than a week . Sellers have a good quality product .
 grew well for a while then turned brown but I used them for dried pieced i i i i i
 Great packaging , shipping , and healthy plants ! They smell great too , just like dried eucalyptus from flower arrangements . Will definitely order from Hirts again .
 Planted them outside in large pots for the summer so far they look great even with the cold weather we 've had in the last week . No problems so far .
 I have used this technaflora system for a year now and have doubled my produce this year . If you want a easy but more in depth system than this is it . Yes you can find simple 3 part systems but I have to tell you this system will double your harvest vs those simple 3 part systems ! I had bought the starter kits by technaflora and I just slowly added more bottles as I ran out , now after a year I can truly say I have doubled my harvests over any other system I have used !
 What a fun plant ! Growing well - and the animals avoid it and any plants close by . The seller sent it promptly and transported it well . All plants in good condition when received .
 These plants are very hardy and they were packed to be delivered in an amazing way and all were in excellent shape when they were received . I planted them in areas where cats roamed and even put one in front of my car where they would jump on the hood and leave footprints everywhere . At first these plants did not seem to work as I saw a cat sitting right next to one grrrr but now they are working apparantly as my car stays pawprint-free .
 Had by garden cat was using for a litter box , which is totally NASTY , especially when my 2 year old like to dig in such garden , for about a week . Noticed after first night NO MORE CAT S & * # in my garden !!!!!! Thank You !!!
 the plants came in a timely manner , were in good shape and are growing nicely . Am not sure that it repels cats , dogs and bunnies , but time will tell !
 I puchased this plant in the hope that it would keep stray pitbulls and large house cats out of my yard and gardens . This plant worked great ! Since the first day I sat it on my patio all the neighborhood dogs and cats stayed out of my yard . It was such a relief to be able to just bounce out the door without being leary of someones animal in my driveway or patio , sitting there growling at me as if I were the intruder . However , it snowed last night and I noticed the frost and snow killed my plant . Pity I did not bring it in before the weather and temperature change . This plant is an annual and does not survive cold fall and winter temperatures . I will be ordering another of these next summer . If I can find some seeds , I will start some plants , in the house , over the winter months . I have plenty of sunny window space to accommodate a new planting . This plant really works and is very reasonably priced . I would definately recommend it as a deterent to strays invading you space .
 I am tired right now so I will just say awesome ! I will post more pictures in the future and write more .
 This has got to be the biggest box of Miracle Grow plant food ever . When you get it , you 'll be so happy ! It will last forever . I use it on my potted fruit trees , in my sprayer , too . Do n't buy it anymore at the grocery store or home warehouse . I ca n't believe the price !
 I just bought the same 10 pound box for 17.88 at the local Home Depot.I 've been using the granular Miracle Grow for 30 years or so . It works well . You can expect most plants to show improvement after about 10 days.COMPARISON TO MIRACLE GROW LIQUID FERTILIER.As others have noted regarding the soluble fertilizer feeder it is erratic . If you do n't empty the container and allow it to dry after every use , it can clog up internally and will cease to deliver fertilizer . The Liquid Miracle Grow system has exactly the same problems -LRB- in my experience , worse -RRB- , and is the fertilizer is more expensive.OTHER CONCERNSSometimes you get a bright blue stream and a few seconds later a colorless stream -LRB- presumably containing less fertilizer . After a few minutes of watering , the solution is considerably less blue -- but it is probably just as rich in fertilizer as long as there is a tablespoon or so of undesolved fertilizer in the container . The blue pigment is more soluble , but is probably not an essential component of the fertilizer.TIPS ON USE : Fill about half -LRB- not more than half -RRB- the container with water . Pour in the dry fertilizer -- much of it will dissolve instantly as it hits the water , making room for the rest of the bag . Add water as necessary to fill the container . Screw the sprayer onto the container . Shake -LRB- and turn upside down -RRB- to mix . The first several minutes will be very rich , so use it where you need the most fertilizer . Swirl the container occassionally as you water to encourage the undesolved fertilizer to dissolve . Concentrate on spraying the leaves , not the soil -- the soil will get enough dripping from the leaves.When there gets to be only a teaspoon of undesolved fertilizer in the container , consider it `` used up '' . You can continue to water , but do n't assume that you are applying fertilizer . When you are nearly done , turn the container upside down . That will empty the container , including any undesolved fertilizer , so the fertilizer stream can be rich , so spray it where it is needed . Water with the container upside down for 30 seconds or so after the container is empty to rinse out the internal passageways . Ideally , you should take the sprayer off the hose , and open it so that the sprayer and container and dry out fully.FEEDING SCHEDULEA good soaking will provide your plants with all the nutrients they need for a 2-week growth spirt . Beware though that the solubility of Miracle Grow is a mixed-blesssing , if you feed your garden in the morning , an afternoon shower can wash all the Miracle Grow away before your plants have a chance to absorb most of the nutrients . So , I suggest using Miracle Grow at least once-a-week in the spring when your plants are growing rapidly . Later in the summer , when growth slows and rain is frequent , reduce the feeding schedule to one every two to four weeks . Toward the Fall , a maintenance feeding once a month may be advisable . Most professional gardeners discourage Fall feeding , on the theory that dormancy should be encouraged to avoid frost damage . Depending on your situation , your feeding schedule might be different . Here in tropical South Florida , the dry season sets-in in the Fall and the plants come out of their Summer torpor , so that 's when I step-up my feeding schedule . If your Springs are cool and misty -- once every two weeks may be adequate . In the northeastern States , I suspect that weekly feeding all Summer long would be desirable.FOLIAR FEEDINGPart of the whole point of Miracle Grow is foliar feeding -- that plants will absorb nutrients through their leaves faster than via their roots -- but the leaves can only absorb a little at a time . So foliar feeding needs to be light and frequent . Light frequent foliar feeding -LRB- even daily -RRB- is most effective in which it rains frequently during the growing season , washing nutrients out of the upper soil layer . Orchids are best feed sprayed daily with a weak foliar solution.DIFFERENT SOLUTIONS FOR DIFFERENT PROBLEMSDespite all the shortcomings of Miracle-grow feeders , they remain the best solution for fertilizing home vegetable or flower gardens . Trees , hedges , and lawns are best feed inexpensive dry granular 10-10-10 fertilizer , well watered in . Orchids and delicate indoor flowers are best sprayed -LRB- with a pump-up or squeeze bottle sprayer -RRB- with a weak solution -LRB- 1 teaspoon/gallon -RRB- of liquid Miracle Grow . New plants are best started with slow-release fertilizer pellets mixed in with the soil .
 I love my gigantic box of MiracleGro ! My order arrived quickly and was exactly what I had ordered . I am very impressed and my plants are fat and happy -LRB- sassy too -RRB- . Thanks !
 Miracle grow continues to please no matter where and when you use it . I am a happy user now for more than 8 years . Easy to use , very effective at recommended doses and works for all kinds of plants inside and out .
 Bought this last year for my lawn and garden , still have about half of it , which makes it a real bargain . It is easy to use with the sprayer -LRB- which we already owned -RRB- and seemed to make our flowers healthier .
 I have used this product for years , it works great . I could not be any happier . My flowers and product are doing great.Thank you
 This is the `` jack of all trades '' fertilizer . I use it on everything . At this size it is more affordable .
 Great price for a great product . Used this for years with great resultsRecommend this for all non acidic loving plants
 Which I found somewhat confusing , especially when I wanted to use it in a non-Miracle-Gro hose-end sprayer . Eventually I gave up on the sprayer and went back to measuring two tablespoons per two gallons of water . It 's hard to beat Miracle-Gro .
 real guick delivery , thought I was qetting quarts but they bulked it into just 2 gallons which was alright but I prefer the smaller quart bottles they are much easier to pour into a tsp with lol . It was a great deal any way you look at it
 Nice and small gadget.Although the screen has an excellent contrast , the backlight is still needed at night -LRB- not a big problem though -RRB- . The remote sensor is great .
 I like the Thermometer and clock - works great - The remote sender does n't appear to be weather proof - What is the idea of a remote sender ?
 Best hint I can give for setup is to follow directions and then wait . Wait long enough for all readings to settle which can sometimes be several hours . If you expect immediate results and accuracy you will waste a lot of time pushing buttons and starting over each time . Use logic . It takes time for measurments to settle into an average . The instructions don ' t tell you that.Since I got this unit another piece of logic about wired versus non-wired units has been impressed on me . Radio transmitting units say they can not be placed in open weather -LRB- although never in the package description -RRB- for several reasons , none of which are mentioned . First would be that moisture can destroy the contacts and the batteries become useless . Second is that direct exposure to the sun destroys the thin plastic housing . Why would you want a radio transmitter versus a shorter wired transmitter - because you can place it away from your house 's shadow that hides the true temperature and wind variables . But if you read the directions it says do n't expose to water or direct sunlight . What have you gained for all your battery changes - nothing.I tried making a glass and/or clear plastic housing the could be placed in a desired `` true '' exposure point using a large soda bottle that was cut in half and open from the bottom for air circulation . Failure . It was pretty waterproof but the temp readings were always 10 to 15 degrees higher than a wired gauge placed next to it due to the magnifying and stilled air effect of the enclosure . I 've given up and now it just hangs out the northern exposure of a window but now has to be sheltered by an eve . Nothing gained in accuracy at all .
 Small read out but fine for on the wall next to the computer . Temp and time are accurate and the alarm goes off . What more could you ask for ?
 Nice remote unit with an atomic clock . Battery compartments are subject to corroding terminals in our humid climate . But a little sanding brings them back for another 6 months use
 I got this in 2005 . Six years later , long after Oregon Scientific stopped making this model , the RMR602A still works perfectly . I get about a 0.2 degree difference when the outdoor sensor is adjacent the indoor unit . The outdoor temperature closely correlates with NOAA readings from the local airport . I use lithium batteries in the outdoor sensor , and they last many months -- I ca n't recall when I last replaced them . The documentation is less than ideal , but it 's adequate.I returned to Amazon hoping to buy another unit , for a different location . Sadly , Oregon Scientific no longer makes something so utilitarian.IMHO , Oregon Scientific and other vendors should produce more units like this . Larger , less crowded displays are more useful than what 's being sold now . Do you really need a graphic of a rain cloud to know it 's raining ? Especially , a graphic that crowds the display and forces the size of the other digits to be smaller ?
 This is the first indoor/outdoor thermometer we 've had which is readable ! Nice big , bold numbers that we can see across the kitchen . We also like the display unit , it looks pretty sleek on our kitchen counter.The controls are totally cryptic , I can never remember how to set anything . But once you get it going , it looks & works great .
 I ca n't believe how easy it was to set up the wireless outdoor thermometer . It automatically searched and found it and started showing the temperature immediately . Automatically setting atomic clock is cool , too . Instruction for changing the clock to your time zone was n't very clear , but once I figured it out , everything was up and running . Ca n't believe how inexpensive this is for the product that it is .
 In light of global warming and energy concerns we have been trying to use the forces of nature to help control the temperature of our home . To do this one needs an accurate indoor-outdoor thermometer to determine when to open windows to either cool or provide warmth.The RMR602A has a conveniently sized outdoor sensor which fits easily in window sills even when the window is closed . The indoor sensor is attractively designed , and the instructions make setting not so difficult . The graphics are well done and the battery case easy to open . Some thermometers provide more data , such as humidity , day , date , year etc. but these functions add significantly to the price . If you are looking for a weather station , the RMR602A will probably not be your first choice.The special attraction is the self setting atomic clock . It really is self setting and may take an overnight to pick up the signal , but once it gets it , holds it . I 'm hoping that the first battery change will not be too onerous . As a rail commuter , I firmly believe that every home should have at least one atomic clock by which to set others so getting one with the thermometer was a big plus.The item is priced cheaply for its features and the only function that it lacks is an internal light so that one can read its data in the dark - especially as it has an alarm function -LRB- not used yet -RRB- which might require operation in the dark.We 're very pleased with our purchase .
 I have a few different types of these . For the price , go for this one . Works fine .
 I purchased my Thermometer at Target on sale for for $ 19.99 This Wireless Thermometer does n't have a backlight as it appears with the blue/green glow in pics . It really does n't need one since the display numbers are decent sized . After powering up both the Main unit and Remote side by side the temps matched within .2 degrees . I hung the Remote sensor outside under the roof -LRB- thru 3 walls 40 feet away from the Base -RRB- The Remote unit communicates with the Base unit with no problems . I would n't hang the Remote unit with direct exposure to the elements as it 's not waterproof . Hang it in a shaded protected location.The readings are pretty accurate and the Atomic clock found a signal quickly in the early evening which is amazing . Atomic clocks usually ca n't pick up signals until midnight due to daily interference . It 's a nice little Thermometer and I like the looks with the gold/beige tone.I might add . I picked up this same thermometer in a Thrift Store for a few dollars . The new base unit picked up the signal from the existing outdoor remote with no problems . Now we have 2 base units in separate rooms and 1 extra unused remote .
 I 've been using this clock/thermometer for several months without any problem at all . It 's very handy to know the absolutely correct time without ever having to set the clock , and to know the temperature outside before I even get out of bed.I thought I might have problems because the clock/display unit is on my bedside table , while the ideal location for the outdoor temperature sensor is about 80 feet away at the other end of the house , with five outside walls between , but the signal came through right away . Occasionally -LRB- once a week or so -RRB- I 'll look and the outside temperature is blank , but it always recovers in a few minutes.Other people have complained about not receiving the atomic clock signal from Colorado in the Northeast , but I 'm in Rochester NY and it comes through fine here.I only use the alarm to wake me up from naps , and it 's fine for that . If this were my primary alarm clock I 'd need a snooze button , which this does n't have.I 'm still on the original batteries -LRB- 2 AAs in the outside sensor , 2 AAAs in the clock -RRB- , even through the winter when battery performance should have been at its worst.Based on reviews of other Oregon Scientific products with similar functions , I half expected this to be an unreliable piece of junk , but so far I could n't be happier .
 We have four of these in the family now . Along with ours , our daughter and son-in-law have one , as do my parents and in-laws . Being retired out here in the Arizona desert , it just takes a quick look at the thermometer to know if I want to get out to do some yard work , or just lay back in my favorite chair and watch an old movie .
 I have two of these things.My favorite feature is the Weekday-only alarm setting . It also has a second alarm that goes off everyday . You can view the time in 24 or 12 hour format , and the temperature in Farenheit or Celsius.It has a thermometer in the main unit and a remote sensor so you can monitor the temperature of another room , but even when the sensor and the main unit are right next to each other , you do n't get the same readout.It does n't have a light so it 's near impossible to read in the dark for when you wake up in the middle of the night.Set up was simple enough . I have several different brands of these self-setting clocks and find that they all differ in terms of location -LRB- left side of end-table vs right side of end-table -RRB- where they receive a strong enough signal to self-set . It seems that as long as the signal indicator -LRB- like the bars of a cell phone -RRB- is strong , it will adjust in about 5 minutes when you hit the self-adjust button . When the bars are fewer , it takes longer to adjust .
 I got this thing at Target for around $ 20 last year . I have the remote unit in my garage -LRB- the remote 's not weatherproof -RRB- about 50 ' away from the base unit . And it -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- tells me the temp outside , the temp inside , and the time . Had no problem picking up the atomic clock signal . I only give it 4 stars because the manual was lame -LRB- before I lost it -RRB- , and I ca n't find a manual on the O.S. website . And now I ca n't figure how to turn off the alarm . But there 's probably a similar manual on the website . In short , it works fine .
 the product has worked as excpected and was simple to setup with the included instructions . no problems so far . it is what i expected and performing as described .
 This is a nice basic indoor/outdoor thermometer , easy to setup , accurate , inexpensive . The only thing I 'd wish for is probably a backlit display , but that would drain the battery more quickly . Overall , excellent .
 These are cute plant holders and works real well in my rock garden to hold a plant .
 This planter is really nice . It is made very well . My Ivy looks great in this planter . This is a good gift for the plant lover .
 This beautiful umbrella goes well with any weather - during a gloomy day or a beautiful hot summer day , the umbrella stands out nicely . It 's great because you can have either a big BBQ party and have friends chill under the umbrella or just have 2-3 friends talking under the shade provided by the umbrella . My kids love it ... It 's easy to put the umbrella back to it 's folding stage and easy to open . Hassle-free ! So I recommend it to all people , especially families ... . summer 's here so get it and let it be a transition from sun to us !
 PROS
 We love it ! We enjoy seeing the temperature inside and out . It took a re-reading of the instructions to figure out how to do some of the advanced features .
 It works great - seems very accurate . The remote sender does n't appear to be weather proof ... For `` outside '' temps .
 The thermometer was easy to set up . It has operated without problems since its installation . The temperature readings appear to be accurate as they are very similar to readings at a nearby NWS observation station .
 I looked everywhere for a wireless indoor outdoor thermometer that said it would register below -0 . One was at -4 . I finally found this one , at a reasonable price and with some extra bells and whistles . So far it 's working great !
 This clock has the fasted atomic set time of any clock I have ever owned -LRB- normal set times are about 4-8 minutes , and this was under 2 -RRB- . Also , temperature and humidity are accurate and quick setting . The external sensor is pretty nice in its own right if you want a portable temp/humidity gauge . All-in-all a great buy.Also , what was n't mentioned is that the clock unit has its own temperature and humidity gauge built in to the main unit .
 Love knowing the time and temp while getting ready for work.A little tricky setting up -LRB- you will have to read the instructions -RRB- but a great gizmo .
 Atomic time sync , four temperature/humidity readings -LRB- 1 local and 1 remote standard , 2 remote optional -RRB- , weekday only alarm , custom single alarm.I ca n't think of much that would make this better beyond buying two more remote sensors.I bought this because it 's one of the few alarm clocks that distinguishes between weekdays and weekends automatically . Everything else was a bonus that I 've grown to appreciate .
 This clock is wonderful . It has a long profile with a stand on the basewhich holds up the clock at an angle . This is useful because if the clockgets bumped it does n't fall over . It keeps wonderful time and the thermometer sensor is accurate .
 This clock/thermo/hygrometer works exactly as advertised ; it syncs very quickly and easily with the atomic clock , even from very far away -LRB- like 650 miles in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean , where I live ! -RRB- , picks up signals from up to three remote sensors , looks great , etc. . The backlight is very bright and stays on long enough to see what you need to see . Setup is easy , particularly if you have the instructions handy.In my experience , Oregon Scietific 's support has been fantastic .
 The product is good looking and functional . The self-setting clock works well even with recent day light saving changes . However , the unit makes a loud buzzing noise whenever the back light is on . I have exchanged two units and both are the same .
 real guick delivery , thought I was qetting quarts but they bulked it into just 2 gallons which was alright but I prefer the smaller quart bottles they are much easier to pour into a tsp with lol . It was a great deal any way you look at it
 I was pleasantly surprised when I saw my umbrella base . I had purchased green patio furniture from Costco and this base matches the set perfectly . It was easy to assemble and fits nicely under the table . Unfortunately it seems to rock a bit , but that could be due to uneven boards on our deck . Adjustable footpads that could compensate for such surfaces would have made the base ideal .
 It cost a little bit more than others but it is a lot cleaner to work with.I 'm just a horticulture green horn.Happy growing !!!!
 I did notice the crowning effect the product claims to create . The main thing is to follow the directions on the bottle and you 'll be very happy .
 This stuff is awesome ! After doing a side-by-side comparison on two plants the Awesome Blossoms definately promotes heavier more lush development . 5 Stars !
 I have used this technaflora system for a year now and have doubled my produce this year . If you want a easy but more in depth system than this is it . Yes you can find simple 3 part systems but I have to tell you this system will double your harvest vs those simple 3 part systems ! I had bought the starter kit by technaflora and I just slowly added more bottles as I ran out , now after a year I can truly say I have doubled my harvests over any other system I have used !
 WORLD CHAMPIONS OF THE NBA 2006 . Congradulations to the MIAMI HEAT !!! Wave the Flag it feels good being The CHAMPS .
 I recently had a plumeria that had been severly shocked after a fall transplant from ground to pot . -LRB- relocation was necessary -RRB- I soaked the roots for 15 minutes as directed and within 24 hours the plant was noticably revived . Today is day three and it looks fantastic . This stuff is amazing !
 I think it makes a very good gift for the office -- tasty & sweet combo , well-priced , neatly packaged , with good service from the seller . Cocount cookies go well with the coffees in the mix and ginseng was a welcomed `` exotic '' addition . If you like your coffee sweet , with non-dairy creamer , you 'll especially enjoy this basket of goodies .
 I am very happy with this product and was pleased that it arrived in 4 days because it was a Christmas present . I appreciated the fact that it was free shipping and arrived so promptly .
 These are nice inexpensive flags . I bough one for our home and one for our temple . The delivery time was about a week . The delivery cost was such that it made sense to buy more than one flag to lessen the S/H per flag . These flags are as advertised . The price was less than $ 2 per flag but shipping costs seem excessive given it was shipped , enclosed in plastic , in a 10x12 manilla envelope . This flag is a nice printed flag with bright colors on polyester that is very inexpensive .
 I have just received the two most beautiful flags I have see . The Tibetan and the Buddhist flags . I ca n't believe that such a beautiful items are in such incredible price . These are not canvas flags but nylon . Crispy colors , huge size , beautifully folded and great craftsman.The funny thing is I also bought a book from AMAZON itself and it took much much longer than my flags . Sorry Amazon . . I am NOT to happy with your service.Also I received 2 e-mails from the flags company asking if I had received my merchandise and giving me additional options in case of trouble . They were very concern about their service and delivery.Needles to say I strongly recommend you to buy from this company ... I am sure the will deliver a GREAT SERVICE AND FINE MERCHANDISE.Thank you guys ... and the best of wishes .
 This is a slightly steeper angled maul , rather than an axe . I have a good axe so this is an ideal tool to compliment it . It works well and can split large logs without the need for a wedge . It is also great at cutting stump roots . So far , it is holding up well .
 The Ames True Temper Axe Eye Wood Splitter was just the right tool to do wood chopping on our property , where trees and limbs abound ! It is efficient , sharp , heavy , and totally meets expectations . Good value .
 The flag is great . Shipped promptly and was a great gift.Thanks!Susan
 I bought this as a gift for my mother and she loves it . With that said I am happy with this product .
 This has been my favorite growth promoter for foliage spray or soil/hydroponic use for many years . It is somewhat expensive but seems to function better and be more active than a number of similar products that I have tried . Used in combination with a lot of available nutrients , this product will result in significantly larger plants , more and earlier blooms , stronger transplants , and apparently healthier plants .
 Thank you for all your great food for my garden i need to order more things , do you have any coupons , or discounts i order alot of this company / / / and need to spend alot more.technaflora , HAS BEEN GREAT BUT / PLEASE SEE IF ANY COUPONS PLEASE.THANK YOU JASON HAVEMAN / / / / /
 This thing was great fun . my son recieved a medal for his first place award at his science fair . the instructions were a little hard to get through as in some cases what you were looking at was not exactly as it is described . but aside from that this was a lot of fun . this one is definately strong enough to stand your hair on end , it did mine and i have mid back length hair . yes it will shock you , my kids were enjoying tormenting one another but it is similar to a hard carpet shock .
 I bought this as a gift for my mother and she loves it . With that said I am happy with this product .
 Lets be honest , if you are looking at this product you are either a teacher that would like to use it in your class or you are a person that likes electricity . No matter what you probably only care about one thing , the shock factor . This Van DeGraaf delivers with its promise . On a good dry day I can get bolts that range up to three inches . On a humid day however you will be lucky to get a tingle . All in all it is a great product that can entertain a group of people for hours . If you are worried about the safety issue , let me put your mind at ease . You can not receive any permanent damage from this product . This is a safe , fun way to experiment with the properties of static electricity .
 This is a high quality , well made and powerful Van deGraaf generator that will produce a lightning spark about 4 '' for great school demonstations regarding static discharge or just for pure , fascinating fun . I suggest purchasing the optional discharge globe for spectacular effects instead of a wand or such ; seeing that if you forget to properly ground yourself you 're in for a pretty painful reality check .
 Another nice educational tool for kids and adults . I love to show the kids that I can light up florescent bulbs while holding them in my hand . This Van deGraaf Generator -LRB- static generator -RRB- works great . I like to experiment with static and teach the kids about it . Nice product .
 Mother Nature has been one scary momma lately . You can barely swing a dead meteorologist without hitting some sort of earthquake , twister , tsunami , flood or typhoon on the map . What 's next , hailstones the size of Kardashian implants ? Krakatoa ripping us all a new volcanic lava-hole ? Plagues of locusts and killer bees and whatever species the Philly Phanatic belongs to?I decided to prepare myself for the next natural disaster by making sure I 'll always have access to the four basic necessities
 IN the world of competitive commerce , it behooves oneself to pour over small details . This is a polyester flag . Just like the ones you see at trade shows , roadside stands , gift shops , and sporting events . Really there 's nothing to review . We all know exactly what these things are like , and we should all know what to expect ; a piece of polyester with your colors or symbols of choice proudly displayed . This product is that . I can say that I am satisfied .
 When I was a firefighter we called this a Pulaski . I 've used it to cut through brush , scrape firelines and dig up burning roots . It 's a great all-around tool ! It will be the most useful , if not the sharpest , gardening tool in your shed . It 's the best and easiest edging tool you can find . You can use the blade end to chop an edge line in the grass and the hoe end to scalp out under the roots . It 's heavy enough to hoe tough weeds and to cultivate compacted soil . The hoe end has numerous uses for digging projects , like ditches for cement forms and cutting roots when removing a tree stump . Its lighter than a pick but can still move lots of dirt . And , if there 's a grass fire in the neighborhood , call 911 and grab your Pulaski .
 This axe , also known as a Peloski , is unbeatable for digging up those weeds that turn into trees when you turn your back for a year or two -LRB- how time flies -RRB- . I live on the edge of the woods , and this is the only thing that keeps everything at bay . Love it .
 I bought this landscaping axe - sometimes known as a ` pulaski ' - to dig a trench through thick tree roots in soil with alot of clay . Axe arrived sharp and ready to work after removing rubbery edge guards . Blasted right through roots and dirt - secondary blade is handy for severing roots that are near-parallel to the handle . The tool handles well with the wood handle absorbing alot of energy , keeping your hands and arms from tingling . After using it to sever roots I had to press it into duty chopping a tree down that partially blew-over . No problem.If you will be digging around hard obstructions I would recommend a handle protector or fiberglass handle - repeated hard blows to the wood handle will damage it . This is a must for digging tree roots .
 This was a fairly cheap tool that does a great job . So far the edges have stayed nice and sharp . I wish the handle was about 2 ~ 3 &#34; longer .
 It arrived promptly . The tool is smaller than a standard pulaski , but it gets the job done . Fortunately I purchased it for light use around the yard and not for heavy clearing .
 Maybe not quite as high quality as the ones from back in the 80 's but still excellent quality and well worth the money . . These are very handy tools for digging especially in areas with lots of roots .
 I had one of these 25 years ago , and it was great ... The handle broke , and could not find a replacement ... Now I have a new GREAT Tool for removing trees , stump and all !!!
 Great tool . I needed this tool to clean out low brush . It worked like a charm . I would recommend this tool to anyone .
 I needed 38 rolls of this fencing . My local Home Depot did n't come close to having enough . Not only that , but Home Depot charged twice as much even though they are the EXACT same fencing . There is no difference whatsoever in this brand 's fence and Home Depot 's . They are 100 % identical.I saved over $ 250 from ordering these and I did n't have to pay any sales tax either . I still ca n't believe how much money I saved.Plus , HorseLoverZ / EasyPetStore shipped out my fencing the very next day.I could n't be more pleased . I would definitely buy this fencing again in the future , and I would buy through this same seller all over again .
 Awesome product awesome company will be doing business with them any time that I need more wire or fencing . Great
 I broke the float on my evaporatiive cooler in September while winterizing it . Hardware stores do n't carry evaporative cooler parts in the Fall . The availability and price of this float valve will leave me prepared in the Spring .
 I 've been looking for Kuwait flag everywhere in Los Angeles . I finally found it here . So if you are looking for flags , save time and order them from Amazon .
 This is a 3.5 lb . ax on a 36 '' helve with fairly good shape , alignment and design . The handle has small flats on each side , so I would imagine it was made from board stock . But it was apparently well cured , because there seemed to be no twist or warp to it.The poll was rounded top and bottom rather than square . The cheeks were a little uneven , but no problem with a proper grinding . The blade was a little hard for filing , but grinding and diamond honing can put on an edge that should last longer with the harder metal . I 've had no chipping of the blade in the couple of months of regular use I 've had it.There are axes with fancy names going for over 4 times the price of this one , but that I doubt are as useful . Anyway , I 'd feel foolish paying that much for something that I expect would n't please me as well.Beware of 5 stars for over-priced items . No one likes to admit that they 're a sucker !
 This axe is exactly what I was looking for . Having used this product for six months , the hickory handle has absorbed all of my overstrikes and come back for more . The weight of the head is enough to easily split a 16 inch diameter trunk , even for those not strong enough to consider themselves lumberjacks . The length of the handle provides the leverage needed .
 I had a chance to get a fancy black one at Lowe 's but decided to get this one instead . Who can deny an axe with a good classic hickory handle ? It was sharp out of the box and cuts through wood like a dream . Hichly recommend .
 This is true quality at a very moderate price.Very pleased . Looking forward to using it for many years to come .
 I wanted to buy a single-bit axe in the 3LB range for chopping down small trees . The price on this was fair not cheap but not overly expensive.The handle has a nice bend which really helps in adding a little extra oomph to your swing.The axe I received looks just like the picture polished head light handle.This is a sharp axe I 'm not sure what the other reviewers received with the painted top and dull that is not this axe.Cons : I would like more wood grain in the handle and maybe a better finish as it seems thin -LRB- only time will tell -RRB-
 I ordered this flag Monday and got it the following Friday . Great turnaround time , despite Amazon saying it 'd get here 3 weeks later . Seller answered my e-mails quickly and was nice . Great looking and quailty flag at a great price . But the folded line marks are kinda lame since it was packaged in a small bag . Other than that , great product .
 The 3 x 5 flags are huge ! I have it hanging from the wall . But one thing that i do n't like is that it was packaged in a small plastic bag and now the flag has all these folding wrinkles .
 My step-mother really loves hummingbirds , -LRB- watching , feeding and all -RRB- , so I got this for her bday . It came in perfect timing and she really enjoyed it . She hung it outside right away .
 Just kidding with that title . This Malian flag was 100 % complete , unlike the country it represents . I write this review in the middle of a turbulent and wildly unreported year for Mali . In the course of nine months Mali has seen an armed uprising , the loss of 60 % of the country to a myriad of rebel forces , a coup d'etat by the military , a general amnesty of the military and the reinstatement of a democratically elected government -LRB- in theory -RRB- , then the rebel groups turning on each other like a roost of reality TV wives . The gist of it is that a marginalized ethnic group suddenly had an influx of heavy arms and experienced fighters following the end of the Libyan Civil War , and what else are you supposed to do with Jeeps and AK 's other than start a revolution ? The result was Azawad , an unrecognized state comprising the former Malian districts of Gao , Timbuktu , and Kidal that is a shoe-in to win the United Nations award for `` Most Likely to Have Taken It 's Name From Lord of the Rings . '' And also that Timbuktu , the city that most of the world knows Mali for , is technically in a country that sounds like it was named by an 11 year old fantasy nerd.Review of Flag
 Thought it might look cheap , but it does n't . Heads up - 5X3 is rather larger -- measure twice , order once ; -RRB-
 I ordered this replacement cable for my front wheel drive Sears mower . It works!The replacement is very easy . No instruction needed . You just need to make sure you have a few plastic tie cables to tie the cable to the left side of handle .
 Used several of these to decorate a hall for an Octoberfest Celebration . Gave the hall a real German Beer Hall atmosphere .
 I bought this for an Oktoberfest party I was having . The price was right and it shipped very quickly ! The quality is not the greatest but you get what you pay for . If you are trying to find an everyday flag you may want to spend more money but if you are only using it for a day or two or simply for decoration , this is your flag !
 This flag is well worth the money . Know that it is n't the highest quality but you ca n't expect that for the price . Our flag was out during our Oktoberfest and it survived a rain and wind storm so no complaints here .
 For the price the flag was a good buy . It was only $ 5 so you cant expect a professional tough durable flag , but for what i am using it for it is perfect . Product came quickly with no hassles .
 As everyone seems to say , it 's a little see through and the blue is a sky blue , but the flag looks great . My only complaint it that the bottom `` attach '' side was a little stretched out . That 's a little unprofessional but what an awesome flag for the price !
 The flag looks awesome in my new room ! It was in excellent condition and looks better than I was expecting !
 This is a great flag for $ 5 . Not the best quality , but it does the job for an indoor wall hanging piece .
 I ordered five of the Bavaria National Country flags for an Oktoberfest party . They arrived quickly , the quality was very good and the price was right . They were just perfect to set the tone of our party .
 This Pink Fairytale Halo , designed with Pink & White Flowers with Pearls is truly made for an Angel , I have never seen anything more beautiful , pretty , and such an eye catcher , goes so perfectly with the Pink Fairytale Flower girl Dress , made for a real Princess !!!!!!!!!!!
 When I first looked at this item I thought it was a bit expensive comparing to other prices on the web . I went with this choice thinking , `` It will match the dresses I just purchased for my flower girls . '' Well , when it was delivered to me I was soooo happy that I went with this choice . It is absolutely what I had invisioned , very delicate and angelique . I would n't trade it for anything priced cheaper anywhere else . It was a great purchase and was deliver to me sooner than expected . I am truly a happy customer .
 I purchased this item not for a patio table ... but for a firepit ! It is the perfect size , shape , etc. for the firepit . A must have if you have a firepit . To keep it out of the weather when not in use . Also it stays on very securely with the elastic bottom . Very pleased with this product . Highly recommend it .
 Used cover in rainy San Francsico , but table is now covered with mildew , worse than no cover at all . Not useful during rain . Will try cover during summer when it is dry to keep table clean from sooty air .
 Review of Flag
 I LIKE THISE AND IT ARIVE TO ME FAST A IN A GOOD MOOD TNX I TAEK CAER ON THISE FLAGS
 As a history and geography teacher , i have decided to fill my classroom with colorful flags . This Bhutan flag is a great addition . Not for outdoor use , but it 's perfect for indoor needs . I have purchased several flags from BC Novelties/Socal Flags , and all have been of solid quality for around $ 5 .
 I am extremely impressed with this product and give it the highest rating . It is very sturdy and the elastic band is genius ! I was going to purchase a cover like this from Frontgate , which was about three times the cost of this one . I am so glad I did not . If you are thinking of buying this , think no further . I am confident you will not be disapointed . Now , I just wish they made patio heater covers ...
 Stays on in high winds . Fits like a glove , easy on and off , well made cover , Looks nice . Very happy with this item .
 Forgive me for not rating this specific Generac pressure washer but I bought one just like it . I would like to share my experience with you , hoping it will help others . I bought a Generac pressure washer with a 6 HP Briggs and Stratton OHV engine . The washer was rated at 2250 PSI and 2.2 gallons per minute . It came with an aluminum head . Note the best washers have brass heads . To make a long story short , I was pressure washing some paint off of my basement walls when the pump head developed a crack , and I lost a lot of pressure . It was my fault . The reassurances that their is a pressure release valve did n't do the trick . The problem was that I washed a few sq ft , then put down the wand , wet vac 'd the water , went into the other room to dump it , then came back and picked up the wand and washed some more . After an hour of this the head went.Lesson learned , be sure and keep the water flowing through the pump to keep it cool , while it is running , or risk losing the pump . The unit was 400 dollars new . When I contacted Generac they said , buy a new pressure washer . The head alone was over 200 , and the pumps ceramic pistons or worse could be damaged as well . Depression set in . It had a two year warranty , which I was not aware of , when I winterized it and decided to deal with it next year.Their is light shining at the end of the tunnel . Boogle.com solves all . Just type in pressure washer parts , and up came pressurewasherparts.com . On their home page they had a special on a complete replacement pump for 189 dollars -LRB- an Anovi Riveri sp ? with a brass head , none the less . -RRB- It was less than the cost of the replacement aluminum head alone from Generac . It was rated at 2400 PSI and 2.5 gallons per minute so it was an upgrade to boot . I simply unbolted the entire pump from the briggs , and bolted on the new pump . A few tweakings to tidy up the couplers with teflon tape to prevent leaks , and I was right back in business.Another thing worth mentioning is that I was at one time disappointed that I did not buy a washer with a Honda engine , but bought the Briggs instead . Well guess what ? The Honda engines , as you can see by the reviews , are not holding up . Plastic internals . Give me the good old Briggs heavy metal , and it starts on the second pull.One last note is that the higher pressure washers do give you more pressure , and in some specific chores that can be beneficial , but overall the benefit to more power is that the job gets done a lot faster . Once you get close to 2000 PSI you can comfortably etch your sidewalk or deck . Less than that , break out a solution of 50/50 bleach and water , and wet mop it on before starting.With a 2000PSI + you are etching an area about 3 '' wide . Holding it farther away , making it wider than that , and all you are doing is rinsing it off . With the greater pressure washers , 3500 PSI for example , you can cover a greater area with the same level of cleaning . Net result , more results in less time . Hope this was helpful .
 Worked perfectly for 8 years and right up to about a month ago . Using the store bought anti-mold liquids did this pump in finally . The repair shop said the pump siezed because of the corrosion caused by the liquids . I had done my best to rinse out the lines after use , but not enough to save the pump . I replaced the pump for $ 100.00 and it runs great again because it has such a great motor on it . Now I apply those liquids directly to the surfaces myself then pressure wash .
 We bought a `` good '' one from Costco , but returned it after several problems . We researched and found this one . It is awesome . Always starts up and does the job .
 Bought this about 2-years ago since I have a very bad habit of leaving my parking lights on . Also figured I could n't go wrong since I park in the hot Hawaiian sun most of the time at home and at work . Overall the unit works ... it 's hard to tell but since I 've gotten this unit , I have n't had to use my portable jumper -LRB- I 'm Sold ! -RRB- ... and I do notice on those long sunny days the starter spins up easier . The only issue I had with this unit is inherent to my cars design ... the lighter plug on my car only works with the ignition `` on '' . To resolve this incompatibility , I simply hard-wired the charger into the vehicle using a fused lead to the battery ... problem solved . I also used a quick disconnect on the lead so I can remove the entire unit . . which by the way has sat on my dashboard since I installed it . I 'll consider buying a higher wattage unit later for future vehicles since they are relatively inexpensive ... size being the limiting factor on the dashboard of course .
 product was delivered in a timely fashion . well packed . product works as advertized . purchased 2 of the trickle charges and both function very well . highly recommend product.thanks amazon.comGeorge
 I actually tied this in to my deer feeder and never had a problem , it seems to be weather proof and everything ! The price was worth a shot compared to others also .
 My car seems to drain batteries and after it has been sitting for a couple days , needs to be jump-started . I cut the cigarette lighter plug from the end of this and wired it directly to my battery and leave the charger sitting on my dashboard . I get strong starts every time now ! I am 100 % thrilled with this product and I recommend it to everyone .
 Item was received in good condition and easy to install . Seems to be doing an adequate job of keeping my camper battery charged at all times .
 If you have small pond and partially on sun , then you know what happened over spring - summer season ... Those bacteria make all our dreams come truth.Follow simple instruction and next morning you 'll see clear , healthy water and happy fishes in your pond.So far keeps water clear for six weeks . All flowers and fishes are alive and healthy .
 Oregon Scientific PSL06A-G Full Weather Station , Multi Large , GrayMy purpose in purchasing this product was readability at night without glasses , and it is perfect . I also wanted to see the day/date in the morning without glasses and that , too , is perfect . When plugged in , the backlight remains on and is fairly bright . I prefer a dark room , so I do not plug it in . I have tried the radio and it is clear and strong , the choice of different alarms is great , no waking up to a jackhammer if you prefer chimes , and the weather station is accurate . Due to its dimensions , it can be knocked over more easily , but it is n't a major factor . There are a lot of good features packed into this product , and if you use them regularly , the buttons which are on the back will become familiar by touch . It just takes a little getting used to . I have had this product several months , it has not malfunctioned and I would purhase it again .
 when you are talking shovels ames stands alone probably the finest spade ever made business establish over two hundred years ago so they oughta know what they are doing by now
 Lava rocks is discontinued product and I got Supra + . Very happy with Supra + . Works as described which is the most important thing for my fish .
 Works well in external filters , hold it 's place , easy to clean , more natural than the plastic ball or roller types .
 Excellent quality and very sturdy . Assembly is not difficult but you need to pay attention in getting everything attached in 90 degree angles .
 This was our house Christmas present . It 's VERY attractive , and took 20 minutes to open , read directions and assemble . The different sizes let you pick exactly what fits in your space , and we chose the arch to complement the curves of the logs of the adjacent wall , and because we are older and if you stagger dumping wood into it you can grab it . It came with the necessary Allen wrench and an extra screw . 4 stars rather than 5 - the screw assembly is flimsier than anticipated , with no real rigidity in something made of thick hammered steel -LRB- only one screw per leg or arm -RRB- . We anticipate augmenting the fastenings and perhaps adding a brace . That will void the warranty :-RRB- but then it wo n't be necessary , because about the only thing that could fail are those short single button screws . I 'd still recommend this highly for the design , and the astonishing amount of wood it holds , and the beautiful material nicely finished . It is made in the USA , too , in Washington State .
 Product arrived before expected time , good condition as described at amazon , very satisfied with my purchase
 When I first unfolded the flag I was so excited to put it on my dormroom wall . It was a way bigger flag than I thought and the material was nice too . The colors on the Palestinian Flag really stand out ! I was really impressed :-RRB- You wo n't be dissapointed if u want to show Palestinian Pride ! Long Live Palestine !!!!!
 This is a good flag , but it 's not a great flag . It is ideal for those who have acquired a collection of flags for your living room , as I have done .
 This product is pretty good for filling both the roll of a hatchet and a full sized axe . It is basically a regular axe , with a handle that is about half the length . You can still get decent power from your swings , but you may also choke up on the handle for trimming off smaller branches . I felled two trees behind my house fairly easily with it , both trees were about 8-10 inches in diameter btw . The only reason it did n't get 5 stars is because it might not work well for those who are on the weak side , or may have thinner wrists . Would probably be great for camping as well .
 Great for camping not that small or big perfect size ! It 's a real axe not like the other one 's being sold online .
 Grade of Flag
 This was heavier and more substantial than I expected . My sister aged it with a little paint and put it on a pedestal in her front yard . It is beautiful !!! Now I want one too !
 The Rome RM1336 armillary arrived well packaged and undamaged , with fairly decent instructions for assembly . One of the instruction sheets is printed with a super small print on a dark piece of paper the size of a large postage stamp - why ? I have no idea.The assembly was very easy , but some of the fasteners were way too long and now they protrude needlessly from the piece , subtracting from the otherwise flawless look . I will have to shorten them somehow . Some fasteners were philips-type and some slotted . Why ? All the pieces seem to be from solid brass , so there should be no ugly rust streaks later . The main piece fits somewhat loosely into the mounting slot and needs a lot of torquing on the tension bolt to keep it from wobbling . I suspect that it will need occasional re-torquing . The spacing between hour markers seem quite accurate . The set up instruction recommends doing it `` at noon '' without regard to local time and summer savings time . My recommendation is to find out from your friendly astro-fanatic friend the exact time of the sun crossing the meridian on the day you will be setting it up , and then set the shadow of the arrow shaft on the XII.The attached instructions do not mention that sun dials show `` local time '' and not the Standard Time , which may make them seem inaccurate .
 The armillary sundial was received promptly and in good condtion . It looks great in my garden . The only two negatives I have are
 How much could you really say about shock ? But just to give a brief description ... I need to add a certain amount of liquid shock to a water treatment system that I have that kills any bacteria in my water . Usually I would just go to `` Royal Pools & Spa '' , the local pool store to buy the shock , but during the winter months , it is closed , which leaves me searching the net to buy it . I had n't found a company that will ship just one or two bottles of this . The companies will only ship it out in bulk . They want you to buy like 100 bottles at once , which is expensive and not needed . For me this was very frustating . Finally , I found this Seller on Amazon who does sell it individually . He sells one box which contains 2 bottles of shock . I always like to buy 4 bottles at a time just to be safe , so I bought 2 boxes and it works out well for me.At first , I was scared to purchase this item because it does n't actually say the words `` liquid shock '' on the bottle like the one I usually bought at the pool store , but I researched the active ingredients in both products and they are exactly the same.I recommend this product to anybody who has a water treatment system like I do or who needs to buy shock during the winter months & ca n't find it anywhere locally and does n't want to have to buy 100 bottles at a time .
 We received the flag a few days after we ordered it and it was here very quickly . It now flies on a pole in the front yard .
 This flag is a high quality well made product . I would recommend this to anyone .
 Looks great on my flagpole by my door . Material is kinda thin but is very colorful and looks good .
 This was something my son ordered and I have to say the quality was really good the flag was bright in color . He still has it on his wall ... It is worth it 's price
 I bought this flag for a Christmas present for my daughter . She loves it , and has it hanging in her room . Do n't know that it would last very long flying outdoors , but for decoration purposes inside , it is perfect .
 We got this for my daughter 's birthday . She loves everything Canada . It is really well made and she hung it up in her window . I really wish that it would come as curtains as well , but for a flag , it is perfect .
 My brother in law loved it since he is from Canada and really appreciated the quality and gesture . I would recommend it .
 Ca n't beat this for the price , may be a little thin but the print is good quality and the achors for the holes are solid .
 it was great , I have it hanging up , and it is great to take on holidays . It is nice and big , and exactly what I was looking for !
 Great quality even greater price , it is a nice big flag , a little thin but it works . Great way to show Canadian pride
 Flag was a good value and is hanging in my office to remind me of my ` home ' . The item arrived in a timely manner and was a good value . Grandson needed it for a school project .
 Bought this flag and am very satisfied with the quality of the flag for the money . Great value for the price .
 Where do I start ? They shipped it pretty quickly , so I got it faster than expected . The flag is huge , so you will be pleasantly surprised . Only issue is that it 's a bit too thin , but that 's just a minor issue and if you wan na hang it , it really wo n't make a difference at all .
 This is a fine addition to my garden . It has the correct heft for brass and it went together very easily . And it can be calibrated for latitude and time of year.This comment is two and a half years later -LRB- April , 2012 -RRB- . It stills looks great and has held up perfectly .
 The product was as described and arrived earlier than stated . Excellent produxt , excellent company .
 I reserarched many , many garden hose reels . They ranged from plastic , lightweight `` harry homeowner '' units to very expensive metal , industrial-grade reels . This reel is the best I have seen at any price . This cart is true `` industrial '' quality at a `` homeowner '' price . Furthermore , delivery was prompt and shipping charges were less than one-third those of reels of similar weight .
 I love this cart and have had many positive comments from others . I wanted to purchase a second one , but it apparently is no longer available .
 I hesitated in buying this reel because of the price , but I know now it was a very wise decision . I have bought cheap plastic models , which lasted only a year . If you are contemplating purchasing a quality reel , do n't hesitate in buying this one . Very heavy duty material , easy assembly and built to last many years . Reel assembly has heavy duty bearings , which makes for easy operation whether pulling the hose across the yard or winding it back up . Thanks for offering this product .
 The arbor was delivered on the date promised with no damage . Assembly was easy . The anchors supplied fit over the legs in four corners and if they had to be hammered into the ground this may be a problem as one side of the suport would be in line with the frame no matter how it was positioned . They were also finished in a color differant from the arbor , we had to paint them to blend better . To prevent the possibility of corrosion , I built a frame for two footings and posistioned the arbor with the anchors in place and poured the footing . It came out fine as the arbor is level and straight on all corners . Time will tell if the zinc coating on the arbor will extend it 's life . We were very satisfied with the final results .
 This is a beautiful arch and has very sturdy ground supports to anchor it from the wind .
 The recipient of the Sundial was very pleased with it , and has located a prime place for it in her garden . I do wish that Amazon had carried or shown a larger selection of bases for the sundials . I had to order the base from Rome Industries .
 This piece looks great in my garden . I like having old school technology around to keep me grounded . Place the dial so you can move it periodically to adjust for daylight saving time . - Sol
 Product exceeded my expectations . The workmanship is great ; size is perfect , I love everything about this sundial . I bought it for my husband and he was very well pleased with the style and said it was a good weight . I recommend this product to anyone who wants their garden to look wonderful .
 It has a weathered dial and a polished &#34; gnomon &#34; or pointer . Attaches with two brass Phillips head screws . Be sure not to over-tighten . Read the instructions on how to position it . Instructions were complete and well written , albeit a bit small for old eyes . it will be a very nice addition to the garden .
 The sundial is a little smaller than I would have liked it to be . Read the dimensions . But it is SOLID and it looks great .
 Well made , looks great , just what we wanted . It fit the bill exactly , nice size and would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a nice dial .
 I purchased this sundial for my wife 's birthday and she loves it . I was impressed with the quality and price -LRB- compared to the same sundial at other locations -RRB- . The finish was very well done and the casting flawless . I purchased a cast iron pedestal , also made by Rome Industries -LRB- unfortunately Amazon did n't carry the style I was looking for so I had to purchased that at another site -RRB- . Mounting the dial to the pesdestal was quick and very solid . The sundial will have prominent place on our stone patio , acting as a counter point to a fountain .
 I purchased this as an engagement gift and the couple was thrilled . It arrived quickly and was just what I expected .
 I purchased this sundial to give to my husband on our first anniversary since clocks are one of the gifts to give on this occasion , but I thought a sundial was more appropriate . He liked it ; I liked it . He is going to make a cedar pillar for it . It was as described on the website and it was delivered promptly even though we live in the sticks and some delivery services have trouble finding us . Only criticism I have is it is somewhat smaller than I visualized . The dimensions were probably there but I failed to read them . Overall , good buy and I think it makes a great anniversary gift .
 I know they sell the stand separately , but I wish the sundial had a temporary display stand . I bought this as a wedding gift for a close friend . They loved it . Its a great design with the brass giving it a quality look and feel . It will be a bright spot in their garden for years to come -LRB- or so I hope -RRB- .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY BROTHER FOR CHRISTMAS , HE LOVED IT VERY GOOD QUALITY .
 I bought this for my husband for our anniversary ... apparently it is still in the box . It is a neat little piece , but he says he has to make a pedestal for it . ... ahhh , leave it to me to buy yet another project .
 I bought this for my son-in-law for his birthday and he loved it . He looked at it very carefully and then gave me a big hug . I do n't know where is going to put it since he lives in another state but I am sure he loves it .
 We absolutely loved this sundial ! It was perfect for a 50th anniversary gift , but would be great as a gift for any special occasion . It was nicely detailed , and easy to attach to the tree trunk base which we ordered separately .
 I love it ! more beautiful than any pics I had ever seen of it . Looks great on the Rome B65 Tree Trunk Pedastal Stand . The colors are a perfect match even though they are just a little too green.Hopefully they will fade with time .
 The weather does n't affect the appearance or quality of this sundial . It is a nice gift for new homeowners , too .
 A classic hand sledge with Hickory handle . Good price . Perhaps it could be improved if it had a fiberglass handle . Just what I was looking for for my off-roading tool chest .
 this hammer is and great buy it does the job and the price is just right .
 Functional -LRB- I needed it for my niece 's grade school presentations -RRB- . Colors are lively . Satisfactory materials and workmanship . Could n't ask for more , for the price . What more can I say ?
 I am panamanian and I know how the flag should be . I bought it and the colors are a 100 % correct . The only minor flaw is that the seam or needlework -LRB- Not sure about the word -RRB- was made with red thread , so you can see little red lines along the edges of the flag , specially over the white and blue squares of it . That 's why I gave it 4 stars . It also has 2 rings on the left side.I also uploaded some pictures.Other than that , is a good flag .
 Bought this as a gift for a friend . Its a very nice quality , not too heavy and not too light . Nice and big ! used it as a closet door cover for the dorm .
 The serrated blades made trimming my hedges a breeze . Very comfortable to hold with no pressure or hand/wrist fatigue . Very pleased with this one .
 These are the very best shears I have used in the past 50 years .
 I just got this lopper and used it to trim lots of large shrubs . It can also cut branches , up to 11/2 inches thick . It is very precise , and easy to use . Some loppers are very resistent , but this one cuts easily . The length of the lopper also helps cut branches or stems that are a bit hard to reach , which is wonderful . I highly recommend these , and I am very particular when it comes to gardening tools !
 These pruners are among the best I 've used . Others that I have either owned or borrowed have had issues that made cutting difficult . However , these just snip quickly & easily .
 I purchased this lopper in 2009 , and it is the best I 've ever used . It cuts cleanly and can be used for pruning branches and even cutting small trees . This year a small part failed and I got in contact with the company . Ames honored its warranty and I received a brand new one as a replacement , at no cost .
 Although I gave this item as a gift , I have used Ames products myself and they are good quality tools . The long handles will make cutting branches easier than with hand pruners .
 I have had a pair of these blue Ames Temper loppers for about 10 years , still cutting strong and never disappoints . The rubber end handles aid your efforts greatly , prevents the tool from slipping out of your hand , and provides a basis for good leverage . I 've cut pine branches up to the width of 1-1/2 inch . Cutting cedar tree branches of all sizes do present a problem once and awhile because they are dense , and even small cedar branches are like cutting metal wire . Sometimes it takes a second snip to get the cedar branch totally off . I suppose cedar tree branches would give any brand of lopper a hard time . The Ames steel handle length is good and I can reach high branches -LRB- I am 6ft tall -RRB- . The steel handles are durable with no denting , have also stood up to the torque of pressure during cutting , a slight bend is evident near the blue/black assembly part of the handle , but after 10 years of heavy use no complaints from me . I have noticed when I position the clipping hook pointing downward and blade upward toward the sky better cutting results occur . Recently I have been looking for a replacement and researching other lopper brands just in case my pair of Ames eventually fail , but it appears I will get a second pair of these Ames if the opportunity presents itself as other reviews here support my verdict . Well worth the money .
 I gave this as a gift and I have not heard any complaints on it yet !
 I hang it on my wall and it looks pretty goooooood . I like it , and its price . Fully satisfied and recommend to you guys .
 For the price that I paid , I am extremely satisfied with this product . When it says lightweight , it really means very thin material and quick seam stitching . However , I am still satisfied with this product . I 'm hoping that throwing the flag in the dryer for a few minutes will get rid of the fold marks from shipping .
 I have it hanging in my classroom and the kids love all the flags I have hanging , great discussion starters and makes the room look like social studies room !
 Excellent quality . Solid brass with fine detail . Well designed and manufactured . This item would make an attention getting addition to any garden or yard .
 I ordered the RM2345 Sun Dial - first I received it faster that expected - second I thought it looked good on the web site but when I took it out of the box I was extremely pleased and knew immediately I made the right choice - to the people of Rome Industries - GREAT PRODUCT - thank you - Bob
 the product as made very well the fact that you could leave it out in the weather was a big pluss.it ia always cool to look at the way that the sundial work make you think that you looking at something from yeaster years
 It 's not hummer season yet , but these feeders are true works of art . Very fragile , but was well packed and arrived in perfect condition . Even if the birds do n't take to them -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- , they 're beautiful just hanging from our pergola .
 My hummingbirds love this feeder . I have several types of glass hummingbird feeders in my garden and this one gets a lot of traffic . The feeder is just gorgeous and easy to fill and clean .
 I bought one of these at Home Depot and they ran out within weeks . I actually had to buy my second one here on amazon . Its great , doesnt leak and has 9 or 10 different watering spouts . Youve never had this much fun with water since you were a kid !! No joking !
 This is a great nozzle - I have small hands that do n't have much strength and it is so much easier to use that other kinds .
 This is the best garden hose nozzle I have ever owned . I purchased my first one 2 years ago . I have a rooftop garden and greenhouse with all my plants in 45 containers and I water year round . I 'm 5 ' 1 '' and my husband is 6 ' 1 '' and the grip on the handle is comfortable for both of us . I love the way it swivels so the hose does n't get twisted as I make my watering rounds . The front squeeze trigger has a click lock allowing me to hold the nozzle which saves on hand fatigue as I water for extended periods . This nozzle lets you adjust the water intensity at each of the shower types . I am purchasing another one because even though I use the quick disconnect that comes with the nozzle , I accidentally left it out for a long period of time over the winter and the freezing temperatures made it start to drip at the squeeze trigger area . I still believe it is a quality made product and it has withstood multiple falls and bumping around as I manually wind my hose into its copper hose pot . It has also withstood extreme heat -LRB- 100 degrees + -RRB- on the roof . I highly recommend this hose nozzle .
 This actually makes plant-watering fun , which , if you 're lazy like me and need all the motivation you can get , is a huge selling point . All the different settings are really amazingly useful . I did n't think I 'd end up using half of them , but I discovered that in fact I have use for all of them . It 's such a luxury having the option of exactly the right angle or type of spray for all your different plants . Great product !
 We 've used the `` plastic-y '' hoze nozzles by Nelson for 7 years and end up replacing them every 2-3 years because they crack , lose their dial cover , etc. . Of course , they do n't always get put down on the concrete gently by our kids . However , this Orbit nozzle is phenomenal ! Not only does it have 10 patterns vs. the usual 7 -LRB- did n't think that would ever seem as cool as we think it is -RRB- , but it is solidly built and incredibly durable ! The exterior is made of metal and some plastic , but the areas that are metal make it seem infinitely better than the ones we 've had in the past . It 's ergonomic and easy to adjust . The only slight con is that the button to `` lock '' it on a setting can be finnicky to keep on , but I do n't even think about it anymore . We 're buying another one to replace our other hose nozzle ! Look no further than this one ! The price at $ 10 is incredibly reasonable and is worth the few extra bucks over the cheapo versions . I hope this helps !
 The Nozzle works great for the watering jobs we have around the house -LRB- front & back yards -RRB- so well that we bought two for our self & one for our Daughter to use . The only reason I only gave it 4 stars is that it does not do the watering for you .
 This is a great quality flag that really is holding strong through all the moving that I have done . It 's a little big however .
 At the last moment I decided I needed a Czech flag for my Rotary Orientation . I orderded the flag on a monday and had it within a couple of days . It was so quick , it came in just in time for my orientation . Great condition and service ! Highly recommend !
 I bought this , with several other flags to show my heritage at my wedding . They are now exhibited in my den , adding to the atmosphere . They would work well for outdoor display , too , but would not hold up well in the long run .
 After going through several cheap plastic pistol grip water spray units this grip is a pleasure to use . I like it very much and it appears to be made very well .
 This flag is very nice quality for the price , and the flag is all one could hope for.Two problems I have , however , are the fold lines you get -LRB- the flag comes folded -RRB- and the fact that for some reason my flag wants to bend to the right near the bottom . The first problem is easily solved by ironing -LRB- after putting a towel on top of course -RRB- , and the second is n't really noticeable .
 This arrived before it was scheduled to -LRB- thanks -RRB- , and it is exactly as advertised . There is some minor tearing around the brass rings , but other than that it 's perfect .
 price was n't bad , expected to be a tad thicker but its definitely not bad . great color .
 paid 99cents ! came out to be 2.99 -LRB- w.shipping -RRB- us commies dont like to pay alot on anything got here in 2 days !!! maybe it was luck but wow ! awesome quality ... great if youre gon na pin it up on a wall -LRB- because its a bit see through if light hits it -RRB- DO NOT HANG OUTSIDE !!! its good to hang in a room or if youre attending a SOCIALIST/COMMUNIST protest ... LIBERTY JUSTIC AND EQUALITY !!! WORKERS OF THE WORLD UNITE !!!
 Teriffic , very light so it flows in the wind easy . Very magestic . Thanks very much !
 The quality of the flag is amazing for a $ 7 flag , yeah its got all fold marks when you get it but it straightens out with little trouble at all . Even better than the price and quality was the shipping , I ordered this and several SUPERSAVER SHIPPING items the same day -LRB- four days ago -RRB- and this got here already , still waiting on Amazon 's products .
 This is wonderful ! I love boys ! I also love this flag ! Being Red is where it 's at
 Good flag for the price . Show 's my neighbors my support of the new communist regime
 i ordered the flag on the first and it said in the description `` item will ship overnight 98 % of the time if not in 2 days '' im not shure if it was sent or not for the fact that under tracking it said that it is still in AZ but im pretty shure that it will arrive soon and when it does im shure ill be satisfied with the condition
 I purchased this flag for use as a prop in a presentation . I was impressed with both the price and the durability of the flag . Should you desire to fly this particular banner -LRB- if you 're not afraid of being blacklisted or something -RRB- then it would definitely be durable enough to do so .
 Its the U.S.S.R. flag . you get what you pay for . It hangs in my college apartment and i enjoy its company . in soviet Russia , Flag enjoys your company !
 Excellent wall decor for those who share and share alike yes ? It is also good for the occasional BBQ with the in-laws .
 The flag I received is not the most recent Soviet Union flag that you see on Wikipedia or the like , but rather the flag used from 1923-1955 . The hammer and sickle are still yellow , set against a red background , but the main difference is that the sickle encompasses more of the hammer , and the sickle handle also has less detail . It is still a very cool looking flag , and I actually quite like the fact that I received the first -LRB- well , technically second -RRB- version of the Soviet flag . Sort of a vintage feel to it , if you know your Soviet history . Looks awesome hanging on my dorm room wall . Would definitely recommend to any comrades out there .
 First off , if you 're looking for a really high quality , genuine flag , this is n't for you.On to the review , I have had this flag hanging in my bedroom for about a month now , and am completely satisfied . The flag is slightly transparent , so if you plan on hanging this flag on a pole , its probably not the best idea , however against a wall you cant see through it.There is also a white strip on the left side -LRB- look closely at the picture -RRB- , when I hung it up I just folded it behind the flag.When you get it , it is folded up -LRB- obviously -RRB- and has creases running through it . I got most of mine out through just a dryer for about 10min , but there 's ways to completely get them out with ironing , Google it.Overall , I rate this as a 5star product , bc for about $ 7.00 including shipping it is really worth it , also the product arrived in about 3days with standard shipping.Highly recommended !
 I used this Russian flag to piss off my German neighbor . I could n't believe it when he came over and ripped it off the pole and burned it .
 I ordered this flag along with one other on the 27th and they both arrived on the 29th . It has decent quality , perfectly fine if you 're just going to be hanging it in your basement , but I would not recommend it if you 're planning on flying it outdoors for more than a reenactment or something . The colors are really nice , but I do have one complaint
 I love the history of the russians , I love soviet products , soviet gear and I wanted this flag since mayme 1989 . I finally got it and I have it at my home 's entrance
 This was a wonderful product . It was given to a history teacher as a gift , and it was very appreciated .
 There really is n't a whole lot to say about this flag . It is made of the standard silkscreened poly as most novelty flags are . For indoor use , this is fine , however if you fly it outside , they shred and tear rather quickly . Given the nature of this flag , I doubt many people would fly it in their front yard , so that should n't be a problem.as for me , I keep mine inside , and I have no doubts that the only problem I 'm ever going to have is trying to keep the white so clean . And I 'll definitely be ordering more novelty flags from this outfi
 We purchased this flag as a prop that we intended to burn at a rally . We lit it with an ordinary lighter in the bottom corner away from the pole and it basically fell apart before the flame got to the hammer and sickle . I had to light it a second time to burn the remaining part . Next time we burn socialism in effigy , we will spend the money and purchase a cloth flag and see how how that one goes up .
 This flag is great . Shipping was fast and now this flag is hanging across my room ceiling . I just need to find a way to get the crease marks out .
 This is a 5 star review However things to note.The fabric that connects the flag to The pole binding had small rips all the way down . Otherwise a good flag . And shows a unique part of our world history .
 Awesome flag!Looks great!Its bigger then I expected.I have it above my bed.Great to have if you want to support the Motherland , collect Cold War and World War 2 gear , or use it just to cover a bare wall .
 I purchased this flag for my friend as a joke / birthday present and I was very pleased with the flag quality . If you 're in need for a flag for a very reasonable price then you 're in luck .
 This is a really nice flag . I ordered it on August 23rd , and got it the 29th . Its made of polyester , so its really thin and you can see through it . If you hang it up on a wall , it will look fine though . It comes all folded up , but if you throw it in the dryer , the folds should come out . Its a nice product for what you pay for .
 The product is amazing and was fast . It looks just like the Soviet flags that flew back home in Russia .
 It is a nice repo of the soviet flag , I ironed it to get the fold marks out , and it looks great on my wall
 Ordered this two days ago and it 's already at my door step . Came in a small envelope that fits the flag packaging snugly , very easy to open . The flag came folded up so there are a lot of seams on the flag , but reading a previous review , I threw it in the dryer , checking back from time to time and the seams are fading out.I ordered this flag originally as a costume piece ; I was going to fold it so I can use it as a bandanna in front of my face and after 10 seconds of folding , it works great although it smells a bit funky . The hammer and sickle looks GREAT as a bandanna emblem.As other reviews have stated , the flag IS TRANSLUCENT . I would not recommend using this on a pole as you can probably see right through it in the sunlight . If you hang it on a wall or even frame it , it looks great.The flag is also pretty big , I misjudged by own measurements when I held it up at arms length ; very eye-catching , sure to make a statement about yourself when someone enters the room.Or shot on sight , who knows ?
 For some reason I had the image of a thick opaque redness , but I should have known better for $ 4 . Its a see-thru polyester weave . Still effective at convincing my father in law i 'm a closet communist .
 I bought the flag of the USSR to go with my collection of West & East German militaria . Representing Soviet forces in Eastern Germany during the Cold War it goes well along side the Mi-24 and Mi-8 helicopters in my collection . The flag is great for display however I would not recommend anyone try to fly this outdoors .
 Considering how much I paid for the flag , it was in decent quality . It still felt cheap however it works for what I need it for .
 I was surprised by the quality and durability of this flag . I bought it as a prop for a movie production so I looked for the cheapest out there but when I received it I was totally surprised . It has been used indoor and outdoor , hot and rainy weather and it 's still going strong , colors are not fading , material is still the same as new . Highly recommended .
 Good price , see-through fabric and I would imagine it would rip easily . It serves as a nice decoration and is definitely worth the money .
 Have ordered several in the past , last about 4 to 5 months outdoors before fading . Thats fair for the price . Will purchase again .
 the flag was supposed to come febuary 7th thru feb 12 but came today the 4th . again it looks great and came quick : -RRB-
 Good looking flag , that I am using as a background to hide some wires , It really looks good , and I think it will hold up very well for this project , affordable and easy to care for
 I have it hanging in my classroom and the kids love all the flags I have hanging , great discussion starters and makes the room look like social studies room !
 It 's a flag . That 's all it needs to be , and it 's doing that pretty well . Considering I paid exactly $ 0.01 for it , the rewards have been disproportionately pleasing .
 This flag was very inexpensive and has survived all kinds of weather . My son is very pleased with this flag , we recommend it without hesitation .
 i was in a bad spot and had never been able to flush properly and now i can the clearex works great
 I got it for a school project , but it ended up inspiring my love of ecuador . It now hangs proudly in my room . A great flag for any use . Still holds up to the outdoors when need be .
 No big complaints . Got what it was described as . Have it hanging on the wall , looks great .
 This is a real cool flag the picture on here does n't do it much justice it looks a lot better in person
 This product came quickly and in great shape . I took it out of the plastic container and put it in one of the many glass jars I have saved and some in another jar for sprouting . It looks very beautiful and now I await the product sprung ! Hope to write more later .
 Product arrived on time as promised . New OEM Rain Bird equipment . When installed it worked precisely as it should . I used it to replace older APAS type 3/4 valve which was causing sprinkler heads to leak . It required some modification of existing pipes to install as the JTV075-ASV pipe inlets and outlets were farther apart than the existing APAS style valves . It was actually cheaper to replace the valves with new -LRB- at the price paid -RRB- than to purchase replacement parts for the APAS valves
 My home had a sprinkler system installed nearly 20 years ago with all RainJet parts . They have since gone out of business . Their parts were great quality , but time came where simple repairs to the valve were no longer enough to keep them leak-free and working . These Rain Bird valves are very similar to them , and they replaced the Rain Jet valves without any need to change the spacing of the inlet and outlet lines . I would n't be surprised if these lasted 20 years as well .
 it works well , I hope the PVC lasts a long as the brass ones did . It is a bit less expensive than brass .
 Unit is all black not gray and black but it works wonderfully . The old one was bad . Replacing was easy .
 I love these sprouts and my Sprout Master . The service from the company was great .
 This is a beautiful flag and very well made for the price . I am glad I ordered it and am going to order more for my friends . I received faster than expected and have no regrets.Thanks , E. Bonini
 I love it !! I hung it up with pride !! The quality of the material was exceptional !! I am going to place another order for my father ! Thanks JAH Bless
 I got this flag for my sister and she loves it so i guess its good when i seen it at her place it looks nice and in good shape and now i have to order a other on for my other sister cause she wants it too and all there friend want it too so i would recommend getting it .
 I really like it and I recommend everyone gets it ! It was bigger than I thought but that was even better !
 My wife loves this flag . The fact that it arrived much faster than we anticipated was a plus.Wife has it hanging in the sports room so everyone can see .
 We hang this flag at the end of our driveway just under our Stars & Stripes , to honor our son adopted from Ethiopia . The quality is fine , especially considering the price . It 's been out in the sun , and -LRB- when we 're not around to take it in -RRB- sometimes the rain . So far it 's held up without any issues , colors have n't faded , and it looks great .
 Good flag used it as a gift for my friend -LRB- Bob marly stuff -RRB- and he put it on his wall . The quality is pretty good for such a cheap price .
 I ordered this for a gift . It ' a a nice size and the colors were true . My step son loved it !
 This is a very good flag for the price . The Lion in the flag has good detail and looks great . Of course , it 's polyester so it is only suitable for indoor use . However , the picture currently posted for this item on Amazon looks different from the one that I ordered .
 I love this stuff , I 've been using it for years with great results.My indoor garden is pretty diverse , herbs , lettuces , even deciduous trees . PBP is easy to mix , though the directions on the bottle will have you use way more than is needed . It must be used with other PBP products . Other supplements are needed to round out what 's missing from this mix . This is for growth , there is also bloom , and other supplements . Single part nutes do n't work . Some minerals or nutrients will cancel others , so you must use a multi part nutrient system like Pure Blend Pro . Always use a PPM and pH meter so you know your getting it right . But that 's true for all hydroponic nutrients .
 Plan to fly it with the Irish Tri colour on St. Patrick 's Day .
 Covers arrived fast , and were nicely packed . Still waiting for the other 2 to fill my order . Glad to have the protection for the chair pads , and they hug the chairs very snuggly .
 Great design ; outstanding quality ; very functional ; excellent value . I could n't be happier with this product .
 I am very happy with this chair cover . It has stood up very well to the wind , rain and snow that we get in the countryside west of Chicago . The elastic around the bottom is particularly nice as it makes it easy to put on and off the chairs , and holds it in place .
 I 've had these covers for three months now and I 'm very pleased with them . So much so that I 'm ordering additional covers . They really do fit snuggly around the bottom of the furniture and are waterproof . So far they have n't faded and look just as good as the day I put them on the furniture .
 I live in New England and we have been suffering through the worst winter in anyone 's memory . We are on hard times , snow-wise . I had a steel snow shovel for several years , it was in bad shape and finally broke completely . I was at a real loss because the snow keeps coming . I went to several stores and no one had steel shovels . In desperation I bought a plastic snow shovel . It was better than nothing but , just barely . With plastic shovels , you get a heavy scoop on there and the blade bends from the weight and you have no control over it . And forget about cutting through an icy crust layer , the shovel bends under the pressure and has no bite to it . If you are suffering from this situation , I want to recommend the Ames True Temper shovel.I used this shovel to dig a path for my oil man to deliver oil to my house . I had to dig through a huge snow drift and several feet of fresh snow with a 1/4 '' ice crust on top . This shovel did it ! I smacked the top of the snow and shattered the crust then I scooped it away with the shovel . It also worked to scoop up big shovelfuls of the lighter snow underneath . I mean , this is digging shovel ! For lighter snow conditions I would probably switch to my snow pusher but for the conditions at hand , this shovel is definitely worth the extra money . I think it would also be great as a gravel scoop.I am at the end of my wits with this snow . The winter of 2011 is going to stick in my memory for a lifetime . Did you know , I had to hire someone to come with a backhoe to scoop up snow drifts from my house , because there is no room for the plow to put any more snow , at all ? This is the conditions I am talking about , for which this Ames shovel really helped me . I am very pleased with the purchase , the scoop is fairly wide -LRB- about 14 '' or so -RRB- and very heavy , giving you serious control over your load . It 's heavy but sometimes you need a heavy shovel . So , this is not a shovel for light loads or where you want to move a lot of light fluffy stuff . It 's built well for heavy loads and especially where you need a shovel that can bite into the material you need to move and put some weight behind it . Keep that in mind , but if you have that need -- and you will , eventually -- this is the shovel that meets that need .
 Excellent shovel ! This is a real man 's shovel . Want something rugged that gets the job done , then this is it ! Keep in mind because it is real metal this shovel will be somewhat heavier than your average shovel but one thing is for sure it should be the last shovel you have to buy .
 My husband needed a large rake to rake up large stones in our front lawn . We recently had construction done and the whole yard was torn up . The dirt the company brought in were full of large stones . My hubby used this rake and it got all the large stones , while leaving the dirt in place . It did a great job and felt very sturdy . The rake head and handle are shipped not put together . All you need to do is put them together with 2 bolts . It was easy and felt very sturdy . This rake will also be great for planting grass seed . It will loosen up the dirt just enough for grass seed to take hold .
 First it came with two heads . Second the steel tines are very strong . Third it works great . I am raking an area to plant grass , so it needs to be flat and rock free . This rakes is doing the job quickly and easily . I am very happy with this purchase .
 The netting is n't quite as strong as I had hoped , but is a very good size for the tree I have . I 'm using the net to keep the deer from eating all the leaves off my cherry tree . It is n't a perfect solution because the deer can still nibble the leaves at the very ends of each branch , but it has saved the tree . It was definitely worth it .
 The little buggers want to eat all of the tomatoes . just peck a hole then move on to the nexed opne . No more shareing
 Good net , good price . It is black so you ca n't see very much of it , which I like . It 's also big and covers several feet in length of blueberry bushes and tomatoes . You might want to stake it to the ground , though , so the birds do n't get underneath it .
 This is a great product , it protected our blue berry patch from all the thieving birds in the area . Easily installed over the bushes , I used spikes and string to fasten it to the ground .
 OMG these were the best nets I have ever bought and OMG these people were GREAT and the service was outstanding , yall must really really have the best computers ever.Ifnnnn I ever need anymore netting I will surely look yall up again ... My trees really love yall but my birds really hate yall.ThanksCB Murphy
 We recently purchased five of these bells . This particular bell -- the Kaytee -- was on its way from Amazon when we saw another sunflower treat bell at Atwoods , a farm and ranch store in our area . It was priced over a dollar less . At first I thought I 'd made a mistake by purchasing the Kaytee bell -- five of them ! -- on Amazon when I could have bought something less expensive . The Kaytee Sunflower Treat Bell is superior to the sunflower treat bell we bought at our local store . The Kaytee Sunflower Treat Bell is held together well with a mix of gelatin , honey , and dextrose ; the birds seem to have to work a little bit harder to get the sunflower seeds off . The Kaytee Sunflower Treat Bell lasts much longer than the less expensive bell we purchased . A yellow mesh bag finally had to be put around the cheaper bell because so much seed was falling to the ground.The Kaytee Sunflower Treat Bell has a plastic insert at the top of the bell through which string or wire for hanging can be strung . The bell comes packaged in a nice plastic see through package . There are a few loose sunflower seeds at the bottom of the package but it 's a negligible amount . Overall , we are happy with the purchase .
 I bought 2 of these bell treats . It 's made mostly of sunflower seeds and nearly all species of birds love it . I 've looked in pet stores and the seed bells there are all broken up . This arrived in nearly perfect condition . Very pleased with this product .
 Most satisfied with this Treat Bell . We put it up because we were going to be gone for a weekend and I did n't want to worry about the cardinals going hungry . The cardinals loved it and enjoyed it for a little over two weeks .
 We took two of these flags , added fuse tape to make a tube at one end and turned them into curtains for our bar room at home . Looks great !
 This is a magic elixir for plants . Forget about all those Miracle products ... this is truly a miracle amendment . Every gardener should have ICONIC BLOOM on their shelf .
 We bought this flag as a wall covering . It works well , and the price was definitely right . We threw iit in the dryer at low heat for a few minutes and ironed it after to get the wrinkles out .
 The spirit of Selassie is with us through the riddim of ze Jamrock . No retreat no surrender , RAH RAH LAH
 Bought this for a work function it was good quality and cheap . I would recommend this to anyone needing a flag . Cant really say much else about it
 We 've had it flying at our house for a few months now & still in great shape . Looks like it 'll last a few years .
 I always wanted my Jamaican flag . I love it . Any and everyone should get their nation flag from 3X5 . Fast delivery too
 Received the product way before the estimated arrival date , cute wrapping , gon na be a wonderful christmas gift
 I found this border VERY easy to install . I took me 20 minutes at most . I used it for a straight border that went almost 40 feet down my driveway . I thought the picture made it look a little wider than it actually came but overall I am pleased with the product .
 Mine has been in the ground for nearly a year . I have had no problems whatsoever with it staying in place -LRB- unlike another reviewer -RRB- Admittedly it looks like plastic close up , but what else would you expect from a plastic product . Looks great from even a few yards away . Very easy to use .
 Bought this edging last year . Very easy to install if you water the area down first . Easier to keep a straight line than the black tubular edging and the black eco edge quick edge I have . I plan on eventually replacing all of my edging with this .
 This was great along my walkway to keep the rocks in place . Would recommend this to anyone that wants a very simple and easy project to do yourself . Very pleased with this .
 This is a great product . I love that I can just tamp it down into the ground , provided its somewhat soft , with a rubber mallet and its good to go . I love the look . I have nearly edged my entire yard with it and it gives the yard a clean look . I need to order a few more to complete the job . I will not say that it looks exactly like stone but if you wanted stone you should buy that instead . I can not speak to its durability its only been down for a month . But in that month it has been through periodic rains , sun , husband mowing a weed eating along it , and my energetic two year old messing with it . I feel that this product was a good investment .
 looks nice , easy to install ; price is right . ordered more to put in front of the home with my flower garden . the item is easy to push into the dirt and looks better than plastic .
 I purchased this edging when I moved into my new place in the late 90s . I wanted to edge my walkway to keep weeds off and to delineate my sidewalk in the winter for snow removal . I figured in would last a few years and crack during the winter when struck by a shovel , however , not one of the units has ever moved , lifted or cracked in over 12 years of sevice , winter or summer . I am extremely pleased . When I wanted to extend the edging I could not find this product so I bought another product that uses plastic nails to hold it and they all lifted in 1 years time , a bad decision . I am so glad Amazon has these units back again . Nothing else works .
 This edging was a breeze to install . Pieces interlock making it even stronger and should stay in place . It does have a plastic look -LRB- up close -RRB- and feel but from a distance it looks great and keeps the mulch in the beds . You CAN create curves but have to be somewhat larger curves because the product is 12 '' , just like any other non bending 12 '' edger . I put the borderstone type in my backyard but will be purchasing the red ` brick ' look for my front yard replacing the outdated concrete stone edging . It might not be the ticket for a high dollar home , one might want to splurge on ` real ' high dollar rock/edging . Also , I got free shipping from Amazon for the reviewer who said it was n't worth the added cost of shipping .
 We are happy with this edging . For the price , it is very good quality . It is not all that hard to install and lasts well through the winter , even our ND winters with lots of snow , freezing rain , and cold temps .
 We were very pleased with these . They were easy to install . Certainly granite block would have been more stable , but for a fraction of the price , these were worth it ! I wanted to add pictures ; I will in the future if I can . The color was true to the Amazon picture .
 This product is great , We put it in as a way to keep mulch from the flower bed from constantly being washed into the patio stone . It blends so well with the natural stone you ca n't tell it is made from resin . Easy to put down too .
 The items shipped quickly and installed easily . The only tools needed were a rubber mallet and a garden spade . The spade was only needed in the event that a thick root had to be cut to allow the edger to be driven into the soil .
 I ordered 2 boxes from Amazon and am using the Edging Borderstone as a border to separate my patio from my garden/lawn . I custom cut the end with a utility knife . It looks pretty good and spiffys things up a bit without costing too much . It 's rather low , so I do n't trip over it , but does an effective job of keeping the mulch off the patio . I also like it because it 's 2-sided . I 've bought other edging prducts that were 1-sided -LRB- more for flower beds -RRB- and returned them because they looked cheap.BTW , the color is in between grey and beige , and both color/model numbers were on the boxes , so the order was correct . Not sure if Suncast is doing away with two colors as an option ?
 The product arrive with no problems and after installing around the garden looks GREAT . It hides therusted metal edging and classes up the entire look .
 Unfortunately hardly anybody understands it in Hungary , but I love it.I have bought a plexiglass cover for it , and it was equipped with that , so much better withstand the vicissitudes of weather .
 So says the proud motto on this magnificent flag . I just bought this item and have it flying behind me in the recent videos I 've made . This beautiful symbol consists of a blue replica of the official seal of the War Office and beneath it is a broad scarlet scroll bearing the inscription , `` United States Army . '' Under it is stamped `` 1775 , '' the year in which the Army was created and General George Washington was appointed its Commander-in-Chief . President Eisenhower officially adopted this flag in 1956 . Few things are more noble to place on your wall than this banner . As for outdoor usage , I would not recommend it . The material is too thin for that .
 I am in the US Army and have been flying my US Army Flag next to my USA Flag for years , my US Army flag has become worn and unservicable , so it was time to replace it , I went to Amazon.com , and found this one and another , I am very satisfied with my choices and the service that Amazon provides .
 The flag is exactly as advertised . A great price . They ship quickly and stand by their product . Cheers guys , the flag is displayed proudly on this vet 's house . HOA be damned : -RRB-
 Perfect price , perfect for indoor , perfect for my son 's walls ! huah!Not tough enough for long term outdoor Perfect price for indoor only !
 I saw the same flag sold for more than $ 10 that I purchased for $ 2.89 -LRB- for Navy -RRB- and .99 cent -LRB- for Army -RRB- , identical in every way !!! . The quality for the price can not be beat ! It may take a little time getting to you , but the vendor is extremely service friendly and connected to their customers . I needed my flags for the Army-Navy game and I was on a &#34; time crunch &#34; . The vendor contacted me personally when their seemed to be an issue and rushed the order to make sure I received them on time . Outstanding !
 This flag was a gift to my son , a Captain in the US Army Reserve serving as a chaplain out of Houston , Texas .
 these took awhile to arrive but they are exactly what I was hoping for . The description is accurate and the flags seem durable enough to fly outside . I got them to fly while deployed to give to family members back home as deployment gifts.If you would like to know something specific about this item just ask and I 'll try to respond within a day or so .
 We put this flag up in our Church to represent the Army in our God and country service . I know there is something in the works to change this flag but this is the one I served under .
 Flag is flying high and proud . good for the price . not the best of quality but it does the job . not going to get much more for the low price
 Flag was good quality -LRB- great for the price ! -RRB- . Was delivered well within the promised time in perfect condition . We used it is a church program to honor our military . It was a very nice addition to the program !!
 very happy with product it came as described and was here quickly , will definitely buy more flags next time i get a chance
 This was a perfect replacement for a similar flag purchased through a different source and much better priced . The fabric is fairly lightweight , so it would not be suitable for permanent display , but it will serve well for flying on select holidays .
 Great quality U.S. Army flag . Show your pride in being an Army vet by displaying . Highly recommended .
 Appreciate this and the other flags received - especially appreciate those for which it represents .
 My husband loves his flags . he puts them up for visitors and military holidays . Excellent quality and value .
 fast delivery , decent quality , great price - I ordered 4 more to give to friends .
 This wood carrier is very large and well constructed . Excellent purchase for the price .
 We 're very happy with this wood carrier . It 's very large and well-constructed . We heat our home with a woodstove , so a log carrier gets a lot of use . This one looks like it will hold up very well . It 's a very good value for the price .
 I purchased this carrier a few years ago and have used it so many times I ca n't count how many . This wood carrier can be used for other things also , when you have a bunch of misc stuff that you want to move at one time . Works great during camping trips . If you have a lot of wood in your truck you just take this carrier and load it up and carry it over to your fire ring . It is VERY sturdy and has n't torn or ripped or anything since using it . This is a must have product .
 This was recomended to me from an african violet site . It only takes 1/4th teaspoon to a gallon of water , if used with a self watering type pot . I have self watering pots and pots in water with string attached - it works great in both cases . One container lasts over a year for 20 plants . Otherwise , it is very expensive - but really produces beautiful flowers !
 My African violets , orchids and episcia 's perked up almost immediately after I started using urea-free Dyna-Gro fertilizer . The package arrived quickly and in great shape .
 Nice balanced fertilizer , not something I can just run to the store for . I bought and and had it delivered for less than many places where charging for the fertilizer alone .
 It 's not hummer season yet , but these feeders are true works of art . Very fragile , but was well packed and arrived in perfect condition . Even if the birds do n't take to them -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- , they 're beautiful just hanging from our pergola .
 My hummingbirds love this feeder . I have several types of glass hummingbird feeders in my garden and this one gets a lot of traffic . The feeder is just gorgeous and easy to fill and clean .
 there is not much to say , but I can tell you this flag is made well for show in your home . Note this is not a outside flag bit is great for indoor pride or a collec &#8203; tion
 its a decent fert . not a miracle worker but it helps give a little boost to your plants growth and color . Just dont be dumb and over apply . Remember , more is less !
 Easy to use , received quickly . Would purchase again . Orchid is a beautiful green and I am hoping with the weekly feeding that it will bloom next year once again .
 I have grown wheat and barley grass before , and these kits make it very easy for you to do the same . Very high quality and it comes with a great book that covers not only grass growing , but also sprouting and the living diet . A definite must for people who want to recover their health , get healthier or stay healthy . If you are growing grass for more than one person , I suggest that you buy two kits , after that order their 25lb bags of seed and large bags of the Azomite fertilizer to reduce your costs.When I grow my grasses I put the soaked seeds directly onto a 1-1 .5 '' bed of soil and then use an extra grow tray to cover the seeds until they start sprouting about an inch high . I do not put paper towels or newspaper on top as recommended . I bought a nice big garden sprayer , the pump kind usually used for killing weeds , but make sure you buy a new one that you only use for watering . With the sprayer you do not have to worry about over watering the seed . I also add some of the azomite fertilizer to the water so the grasses are getting constant nutrition . I like to grow two trays at a time and then after 5 days start a new tray of grass . This is a pretty good cycle for 2 people drinking about 4oz a day each . Once the grass if completely grown , usually around 8 days , I use manual grass shears , the garden variety , to cut a whole tray of grass which I put into large gallon sized zip lock bags together with a piece of paper towel , a little trick to help keep the grass fresh . One tray produces one full gallon bag . I stick them in the fridge and wash the grass before juicing . A freshly seeded tray will usually produce 3 trays of nice grass before you have to reseed and start over again.Good luck and healthy juicing . .
 Every thing came on time . It was all there . It works as was expected.I would tell others about it . I am very pleased with my choice .
 I bought this flag for $ 5 including shipping and handling . It has hung on the front door of the house for better than a year and still looks good . I have no idea how they can sell it so cheap.Well worth the money I spent , and now my neighbors no longer have to wonder why aI am so great . They can look at the flag and the dragon tell them `` that 's right fool ... we 're welsh ! ''
 Cool flag . Bought it for a friend 's birthday . I would n't fly it ouside but is fine for hanging in a home pub or rec room . Colors are vibrant and the image is of good quality . Again , goo enough for the money .
 Shipped fast . Nice flag but material is very thin , looks good hanging on the wall but would not last a day outside on a flagpole . Buy this for display only
 regal and splendid flag of Wales , makes me want to visit , such a unique flag . unlike all others , brightens any room
 Being of Welsh descent , I was glad to see the quality of graphics was nice . You never know what to expect with this kindof price and while I would n't leave the flag outdoors in a wind storm , it is an amazing value .
 It 's not hummer season yet , but these feeders are true works of art . Very fragile , but was well packed and arrived in perfect condition . Even if the birds do n't take to them -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- , they 're beautiful just hanging from our pergola .
 My hummingbirds love this feeder . I have several types of glass hummingbird feeders in my garden and this one gets a lot of traffic . The feeder is just gorgeous and easy to fill and clean .
 Lot of Power and more than meets my needs . Generator itself is great with a nice Voltage regulator feature . Generator 5 starsManual 1 starThe manual is useless . The pictures do n't depict the unit . An example it shows an on/off -LRB- up/down -RRB- AC ciruit breaker that can be used to turn off the unit - NO , it has 2 automatic shut down AC breakers that can not be turned off manually . They are just resetable . Assy instruction non-existant .
 I bought this 6-valve indoor controller Lawn Genie 16-th years ago . It was great for all this time , Easy to work with and easy to set . It broke , after that long use . Now , I ca n't find no where . I hope that you amazon , get this product soon.Very unhappy costomer . Love my Lawn Genie !
 This is a excellent shovel , very heavy duty for the type soil we have -LRB- clay and small rocks -RRB- I 've used it for two projects involving digging a twelve foot trench -- no problems and I highly recommend it for heavy use .
 Super tough but a bit heavy for lots of digging . It 's a trade off between it 's weight and durability . I have this one and a lighter weight shovel . For the average home user , this may be too much shovel but it is made in USA , so buy one . You wo n't be disappointed by its quality ... same for their rake . Solid but heavy .
 I purchased this shovel and noticed it was made well . It has a welded T top to help when using foot to press into the soil . I would recommend this quality Made in the USA product . Well worth the cost , will last for years .
 Yugoslavia is one of the few socialist nations I actually miss . I never been there , but I always had some kind of sympathy for them . Already in elementary school , I somewhat precociously decided that Yugoslavia was better than the Soviet Union . -LRB- My Yugoslav class mates considered me barking mad for caring about such stuff . -RRB- Proverbially , Yugoslavia had six republics , five nationalities , four religions , three languages , two alphabets and one Tito.We had Tito . Tito had us . Now , we just have the six republics , five nationalities , four religions , three languages and two alphabets ... and one Thomas Hobbes.Today , I think my grown-up Yugoslav class mates would agree with me when I say
 Received these quickly . The easy of putting them on was great . Our Patio chairs are large with cushions having 2 of them as swivel chairs and with these covers each is protected from the elements of rain and snow . They are well made and thick and we expect them to last for years . Many covers are made of thin material and are easy to tear ... not these . I am very impressed by the product for the cost .
 Fit was great , overall its a great product , only one issue . The black fades in prolonged sun exposure .
 The corvers arrived on time and well packaged . My chairs are high wide back ; the back from the ground to the top of the chair is 38 '' and the covers fit just like the picture display . The material is a heavy plastic ; it seems as though they will be durable in the weather .
 These are nice and big and easy to put on . They are gathered at the bottom and do not come off in the wind . Nice and thick - should provide excellent coverage .
 These covers have survived 4-5 Boston winters outdoors and while the colors might have faded somewhat are still in use today and doing their job . Recommended product .
 after at least 5 years . They are faded by the sun , but still keep the chairs protected . I would buy these again in a heartbeat !
 These covers are nice and heavy , but dry fast after it rains . They fit well and they 're easy to remove and replace on the chairs . Also , this seller was great to work with .
 Thick and durable , has gone through 30 plus inches of snow and the cushions it hides still look brand new . only small flaw is if you do n't keep the velcro -LRB- for the umbrella access across the top and down one side -RRB- sealed water will get in .
 I am actually impressed with the quality for the price I paid . Some covers are 3-4 times the cost . I would rather buy 1 of these every few years than pay so much more .
 My wife bought a different cover from this company two yeras ago and it 's the best I have ever used . Just received our new cover to protect our table and chairs and the quality is still fantastic ! I would highly recommend any cover from this company if you are looking for the best .
 This is a heavy-gauge cover . I used this cover to protect a slate table and it worked great . We had a rough winter for this area and the cover made it through with no tears .
 I live in NJ and endured Irene -LRB- 2011 -RRB- and Sandy -LRB- 2012 -RRB- quite well while running on this generator.I have my 4582 hardwired to the house through an automatic 100A transfer switch for critical loads , loads which puts a constant 41A @ 240V loads and up to 20A of intermittent loads . The 4582 is located in a homemade shed about 30 ' from my home to reduce noise.More than half of the 41A constant load is a `` server farm '' , which would be considered sensitive electronics.During and after Irene , the 4582 ran constantly for 11 days , 7 hours without any issues whatsoever.During and after Sandy , the 4582 ran constantly for 4 days , 11 hours without any issues whatsoever.I changed the oil and the filter after both storms , then drained out all the gas from the fuel tank through a t-fitting and pepcock I added for this purpose . The generator is then run until the line is empty.Since I bought it , I 've poured in about 1/2 gallon of gas and run it without a load until it 's dry and the battery also has a trickle charger to keep it ready for instant starts regardless of weather.During both storms my 4582 produced 238V with minimally varying frequency between 59.1 hz and 60.7 hz . I have digital gauges wired to my transfer switch to monitor this.Those of you having issues with the frequency wandering around is due to surging , which means you need to lube the mechanism that manages this and also clean out the carburetor to prevent surging.In summery , it 's a workhorse generator that will provide years of service and reliability if you maintain it .
 I am very happy with this generator , but I would not recommend using it for electronic equipment -LRB- computers , TV 's , etc -RRB- , as it is not very stable , especially under large loads.I ran a test to see what it could handle , below is a description of the items I turned on , and the order in which they were enabled . I connected this generator up to my whole house using a 200 amp manual transfer switch , which was professionally installed by an electrician . The transfer switch has a watt-ometer on it , so I can estimate how much wattage I am using .1 -RRB- 100 Gallon Hot Water Heater
 Solid performance , easy to assemble , generally a good machine , but heavy and loud.I installed a manual switch to disconnect from main supply . It will easily run my entire house -LRB- A/C , W/H , stove , micro , freezer , etc. . -RRB- . Nice to have here in south FL . Neighbors like to know I have it , but dislike it when I run it every week or so to keep it in good condition because it is LOUD . Somehow they seem to forget about the noise when the power goes out and I save their frozen food ... . Hmmmm?I used an engine hoist to lift it to put on the wheels etc. . Could n't imagine trying to assemble it without one . Be careful when filling oil because for some reason it 's difficult to see on the dipstick - Very easy to overfill .
 Assembly instructions clear . Best to have some equipment to hold the unit off the floor to install the underparts , -LRB- wheels , etc. -RRB- Too heavy for one person to pick up -LRB- Unless you are VERY strong -RRB- . Performance is great , has an economy feature that idles the engine back when the load lessens . Use ear protection when running , especially in an area with walls . Very pleased with the unit .
 I have had this generator for one year now . I bought it after hurricane Ivan . I used it for 4 days after hurrican Dennis and it never missed a lick . I kicked off 8 tons of ac with it -LRB- staggered the starts -RRB- and basically it ran my whole house with the stove and hot water heaters turned off.It does burn a lot of fuel and it is loud . I wired through the 50 amp outlet.RM
 This unit is a reliable beast . I suspect that direct buyers -LRB- no local dealer -RRB- might have difficulties getting their generator to peak perform , right off the pallet . This unit generally requires some fine tuning to run smoothly , and if you are not mechanically adept , buy a smaller unit with a Honda . The Generac motor has been around for a long time , and is a very reliable -LRB- as in better than the riding mower engines -RRB- power plant . It does need to be tuned to run with the demand . It has a controlled idle that jumps around a bit as your electrical load varies , but is normal . If you are not a tweaker , get the Honda . -LRB- See above . -RRB- I converted my unit to tri-fuel , and use on natural gas . Paid $ 1350 for the beast and about $ 400 for the conversion kit . All copper windings , made in Wisconsin . Buy American when you can .
 I have bought and installed two Guardian/Generac 15,000 kw generators with very little effort and they have performed nearly perfectly . Considering the price and the terrific capability I am very satisfied . My brother has installed the more sophisticated version with with the automatic switching panel . I just did a fast and easy installation by backfeeding the house panel . I installed a 4-leg heavy-duty 75 amp `` welding '' outlet protected by 50 amp breakers attached to the main house breaker panel . Then I made a 4-leg , 8 gauge double female end extension cord and connected the generator to the 4-leg panel outlet . In a power outage I open the main panel breakers to separate the house panel from utility power , connect the extension cord , start the generator , and close the generator 's 50 amp breakers and the breakers protecting the 50 amp `` welding '' outlet . Then I can run anything connected to the main panel up to the capacity of the generator
 7/2009 have beeen useing this generator for a year now no problems at all . Have many events with my concession trailer powers evetything with no problems . In the winter I added gas stabalizer and ran the gen till the carbs were empty with gas turned off . Ran it once during the winter just to run it for 15 min under load . Again turned off gas and ran gen till carbs were dry . Come summer it started up first try . I can say that am glad I chose this product2008 I got this generator within 5 days . The truck pulled up with no lift gate . The driver suggested off loading it to the bed of my pickup , had to get 2 others to help us . once off loaded to my pickup the driver was like ok later its all yours . Took me a few hours to rig something up to get it off my truck , this thing is very heavy just like they say.Assembly is stright foward it helps to have someone help you but can be done by one person it needed . Make sure you read the instructions because you need to add oil to it before you start it . Added oil and gas it started right up . I have a concession trailer and it takes alot of amps to run it , this did it no problem . I checked the voltage with a meter and it stayed within 1/2 a volt or so , output with no load was like 124 volts and 239.6 at the generator . I took this to an all day event and ran it like 13 hours it ran fine out of the box with no problems . As the others have stated this thing is loud and will eat some gas , alot of gas . However if you need the power it will do the job.There was another vendor there with the very same generator who told me he has had his for sometime now and runs electric fryers off of it . He runs a 24 ft concesson trailer off this one generator and said it has done the job for him with no problems . He did givem me 2 tips that i will pass on . # 1 the generator has a low oil shut off if for some reason it shuts off you can not pull the oil dip stick out when it is hot cause it swells some when hot . You must wait for the unit to completely cool off to check the oil , so pull the dip stick out alittle when running it . # 2 is before traveling make sure to drain all the gas out of the engine to pervent the float from becoming damaged -LRB- this is only if you have it loaded on a trailer for some time -RRB- . So far I am very happy with this generator the shipping sucked so watch for that if you dont have a forklift . hope this helps .
 This past winter was pretty rough , one of the worst in recent years , The cover protected my outdoor set beautifully ; you do have to anchor it down a little to stay in place .
 Great quality for the buck . Clean and Classy with a heavy vinyl that takes rain and direct sunlight very well .
 A good product , but it was a little larger than I needed . I listened to some of the other reviews that said the outdoor furniture covers were alot smaller than they expected , so I got a much larger one than I needed . A good cover , but I ended up sending it back .
 Good fit . Seems to be of good quality . Was tested against winds of 50 mph AND STAYED ON TABLE . Has 4 velcro straps on each corner and that seems to hold the cover in place . Good purchase for the money .
 I spent a long time looking for the quality I wanted for the price I wanted to pay . This was it according to the description on the internet . The description was accurate , and the shipping process was quick . I am very happy with the cover . It is thick and heavy so even if I do not use the handy velcro to wrap around the legs , it has stayed in place during heavy winds and rain . My table is under trees so it gets messy and stained from falling acorns but with a little soap and water and bleach , it is like new again . The cover is bigger then the table needs but I did n't want to pay custom size prices so I took a chance . Because of the weight of the vinyl , it just drapes nicely over the edge like a long tablecloth would do .
 These outdoor furniture covers from Protective Covers , Inc. are great . They are very heavy duty vinyl or whatever . They have nice tabs with Velcro which allows for attaching them to your furniture so they do n't blow away . These are the best patio furniture covers I have ever purchased .
 I really like these and keep them on my buying list . They protect the outdoor furniture well - summer and winter . We do store most of our outdoor furniture in the winter but we use these covers year round .
 This is a good quality cover . And , I love not paying a shipping fee with Amazon ! I can fit my 5 chairs -LRB- with 2 stacked -RRB- underneath with my 50 '' table .
 Cover is good quality and I am satisfied thus far but I am anxious to see the condition after the winter .
 Had a lot of trouble finding a winter cover to fit our 54 '' round table ; most are too big or too small . Since table is exposed to high winds and snow drift , we need one that fits well . It has n't weathered the winter yet , but appears to be sturdy enough and was easy to attach . Price paid was about half what I found at other online retailers .
 We bought two of these for our expansive collection of lawn chairs and table . It is quite big and size and the Velcro fasteners work pretty well . Heavy duty plastic seems to be keeping our furniture well protected . The price is reasonable too . What is especially nice is the fitted sides that have edges and corners so it is not just a big flat sheet which is more likely to blow away but actually fits over something like a table and the sides of a table .
 I had to put a couple of bricks on top to keep the cover in place , but otherwise I like it very much !
 I have a glass/plastic backyard table that I use during the summer months . Because I can not fit the table in my garage , I wanted a cover to keep the table dry over the winter months , and protected over the summer months from the sun . These were pretty well priced so I ordered 2 of them . They fit my table perfectly -LRB- just make sure you buy the right size -RRB- and there is a strap that you can attach to the table leg . I had these on over the last several storms , in which it was extremely windy , and they stayed on . It also protected and kept the table clean as there are a lot of dirt on them from the storm . I can easily spray off the dirt and use the table right away . I no longer need to hose off the table to enjoy sitting outside . I would definitely buy these again .
 I was pleased to see that the material was thick and durable . So far it has withstood high winds and storms .
 Very nice cover . It fitted my table -LRB- dismeter 48 inches -RRB- very well.It has white velcro straps that will allow it to be tied down to the table legs.Material feels very good and has a good finish.I would recommend it for outdoor furniture . This is the first winter so it will be tested .
 This fit perfectly . Seems ver durable . The ties were not positioned well , but , it did not deflect from the cover
 Heavy duty material , waterproof and fits my 54-inch round picnic table perfectly . Rainy season has definitely arrived and the table is still bone dry underneath the cover . Velcro straps keep it snug when gusty winds blow .
 Not only did this cover fit my table and chairs perfectly but i was very impressed with the overall quality . I purchased covers from this company a couple of years ago and they are still working great . i found if you use WD-40 it helps to clean off the dirt that wo n't come off when I just use a hose to rinse them .
 This cover was bought to cover a small outdoor table and 2 chairs . Even though it is meant for a table only , it works great for my small table set . It was easy to secure and is a quality cover .
 So far I like this cover for my table , it fits the table , allbeit a bit large but still perfect for the table . It has many velcro tie downs so the cover stays in place even during high winds , I like this feature on the cover . I purchased this cover to protect my table which is left outdoors during our Buffalo winters . Between the wind , rain and snow I am hoping this cover will hold up well . So far is has withstood the wind and rain and is still in one piece . It is much too early for the snow but I have great expectations it will hold up well . This is a very good product for the money.I have had this table cover since 2009 and it has withstood the last three Western New York winters and is still in great condition . My table is kept outdoors year round due to its size and this cover is still in great condition . Worth every cent I spent on this table cover and more . If ever need to replace it would not hesitate to purchase exact cover . Would recomend to a friend .
 Very good product with on time delivery . Material is waterproof vinyl , easy to sew and modify for exact fit . Have purches other items from this vendor .
 the quality is excelllent , the ball was made out of heavy glass which make it durble.i would tell anybody that was looking for one to look in amazon that there quality of there are tops
 Had this for a quite a while now . Very heavy duty and fits over umbrella really well . Would recommend .
 Exactly what we were looking for . We bought the table and chair covers as well . Excellent product . Standing up very well to a northwest indiana winter .
 After bouts of bad digital meters , the stability and ease of this product shines thru . Tho not as accurate as a `` calibrated '' digital meter , one cant overlook the importance of dependability and ease ! For most pond applications , this product -LRB- once accustomed to the color reading -RRB- works perfectly . Also can be purchased in a larger size bottle for considerable savings . Yay for simplicity !
 Works like its suppose to . Just take a sample , couple drops of solution in sample , shack , take a reading . Enjoy !
 You get the bottle of solution and a bottle for the testing.If you already have you ph up and down solutions then this is all you need to test your water.Little water in the test tube and a few drops of the PH solution and it will tell you right where your at , on the PH.
 I installed this generator with the hope that I 'll never use it for more than the weekly exercise cycle ; then came Hurricane Wilma . The generator came on during the 1st part of the storm and stayed on for 5 days until the utility power was restored . The generator performed flawlessly . I ran most everything I needed including the pool motor . The external gfi outlets allowed me to use an electic chainsaw to cut a 30 ' palm tree from my driveway . This unit was priceless and am happy with it . My only issues are that the exterior shell is cheap , it 's noisier than I 'd like and it burned ~ 0.7 qt of oil during the 5 day run it had . Other than that , it was great for the money . The installation instructions were a breeze too .
 I recently installed a Generac Guardian Plus 6kW/7kW dual fuel generator . The unit comes neatly packaged on a pallet and was delivered via truck with a lift gate , so no heavy lifting during delivery.This unit is a Guardian 04389-3 . The most significant difference from the previous model is this unit will run on 5-7 inches W.C. of natural gas ; standard delivery pressure . Earlier models required 11-14 inches W.C. natural gas and a 45 day design/review process with the gas company . It still requires 11-14 inches W.C. LP.The DYI instructions supplied were clear and complete . Most everything needed for installation is supplied . Some additional items required
 This is a good product , it works really well and is super nice in that it has everything that you need included.That said - this product requires that you have a high pressure gas meter so know that going in and realize that it 'll cost a little money -LRB- $ 100 - $ 1000 depending on where you are and how much other gas stuff -LRB- furnaces etc -RRB- you have that will need to be regulated back down -RRB- and involve a little bit of hassle to get a high pressure gas meter installed . I did n't see that mentioned anywhere and only figured it out after receiving the generator . Double check with you gas provider to be sure that you can get this and figure out what it will cost before you order!Other than that , I think this is the greatest thing since sliced bread , you can literally run your house/business off it during electric outages .
 I am not quite sure where the other reviewers are getting the high pressure requirements for natural gas . My manual says 5-7 inches water column for natural gas and 11-14 inches for liquid propane . The wiring was fairly straight forward , but if you are uncomfortable with electricity I would strongly suggest you have a licensed electrician perform the installation of the transfer switch . The fuel line , is critical , so make sure it is done correctly . the unit has worked flawlessly through 2 power outages and I believe it was a very worthwhile investment .
 The unit is great and works as advertized . A previous reviewer advises professional installation ; I would like to propose the opposite , provided you have the requisite knowledge.Basically , if you want to do the electrical work , you have to know the NEC -LRB- if you do n't know what it is , hire an electrician -RRB- . Not just have a passing knoledge , KNOW it and the way your jurisdiction implemented it . And you have to own the tools and know how to use them -LRB- miscellaneous electrical hand tools , a voltage meter , a frequency meter , and an oscilloscope is real nice for seeing how clean your power is -- before you think about running those sensitive electronics on it -RRB- Second , you have to know the mechanical sections of the applicable building code . If you do n't , hire a licensed plumber . I did not know it -LRB- although I own it -- owning is different than knowing ! -RRB- , so I hired a mechanical company to calculate my gas load , contract with the gas company to install a split meter to run all the gas appliances in my house , and hook up the generator . Cost me $ 525 and I think they did a good job -LRB- I did look up on the code book to sanity-check their work -RRB- . But if you can , do the work yourself . Why ? Because :1 . As you go through your existing electrical panel to decide what to back-up , you 'll catch the errors the `` professional '' electrician committed and previous code inspectors missed -LRB- ca n't blame the guys -- they see thousands of these every day and assume , incorrectly , that professional electricians do n't cut corners -RRB- . I caught 3 miswired circuits -LRB- wrong sized breakers -RRB- .2 . You will really know how your unit works and its limits . You want to be able to repair things if they go awry , right ? I mean , you think that when the next hurricane hits -LRB- we had one last year -RRB- you 'll be able to get a serviceman over if something should break ? Good luck .3 . Installation is worth it if for no other reason than to run the the break-in cycle Generac recommends on your own ; it is enlightening . As you load the generator 25 % , 50 % , 75 % , 100 % you can track the voltage and frequency being delivered , you can measure how clean the power generated is -LRB- mine is a very clean 61Hz until about 90 % of power output -RRB- .4 . I guarantee you that you 'll change your mind about what circuits to back-up once you 've seen the performance . I have my sump pump -LRB- non-negotiable -- if it fails my house floods -RRB- , my gas-fired furnace -LRB- non negotiable -- if it fails I could get frozen pipes in winter -RRB- , my refrigerator and freezer -LRB- obvious reasons :--RRB- -RRB- backed up . This leaves 2 15A circuits and the 2 30A circuits.I rapidly learned that my 30A circuits are useless . Initially , I thought having my electric dryer running would be sweet in an emergency -LRB- dry those wet clothes from the bad weather -RRB- . Well , it will run off the generator . And not much else . I ca n't take the chance that my furnace , freezer , refrigerator , and sump pump might all run at the same time overload the generator , trip the source breaker at night -LRB- when I would not notice -RRB- and cause my house to flood . No good.So what do you do with 2 30A circuits that you ca n't really run at 100 % at any time , but will provide nice occasional power?Run lights and sockets . I used them to power a subpanel where I split them into 4 15A circuits and it works beautifully . And yes , it is code compliant -LRB- go back to my comment about the NEC -RRB- . All else is pretty routine . Oil changes are messy and sad because you have to drive to your haz-mat collection place to give up your used oil ; the service companies charge too much -LRB- unlike cars -- since Jiffy Lube came to town I do n't bother touching my cars ' oil at all -RRB- . Oh , and local repair companies do n't stock parts , but you can just order them directly from Generac . Do n't use 3rd party parts -LRB- including oil filters -RRB- . The warranty says this voids it ! A Generac oil filter costs around $ 6 so do n't bother with offbrand stuff.You will need permits . My electrical permit and my gas permit set me back $ 120 -LRB- Fairfax County , Virginia -RRB- . The inspectors were curteous , and professional . I 've built a lot of additions in my house and I always get the same ones -- they give good suggestions and I 've never failed an inspection -LRB- I apprecaite the tips and suggestions for improvement though.One final note
 I have the 1999 model of the Generac Guardian 15kw system . This one is hooked directly into my panel and I have a subpanel hooked to the transfer switch . If you think you are going to buy a whole-house generator system such as this one you had better be a licensed electrician , pull all the permits , and have an electrical inspector -LRB- and gas inspector -RRB- licensed in your jurisdiction . You also better be licensed to plumb gas lines . If you do n't , you could unknowingly risk the lives of the electric company employees and blow up your house . So many do-it-yourselfers think they know how electricity works but really have no idea -- when you have the licensed electrician install this unit ask him for some horror stories.On the bright side , this is a real generator , not a joke Home Depot portable . This generator provides two legs of 120v -LRB- 240v -RRB- so it can run your entire house and several 240v appliances . Mine runs all circuits , including the hot water heater , but not the electric stove or the heat pump -LRB- a heat pump consumes 5 kw already , which brings you to the next higher Generac which is excessively cost-prohibitive . -RRB- During Hurricane Isabel we ran our entire house for 5 days and ran an extension cord to run a neighbor 's refrigerator for most of that time . We had hot water and every home comfort available to us except the electric stove and heat/AC . If you can swing the installation costs of such a unit -LRB- which easily costs more than the unit itself -RRB- by all means get this unit but if you intend to install it yourself you are a fool.For people who do n't have natural gas you will need to change out the regulator . I use propane so we needed a different orifice . Another reviewer stated that he needed a separate gas meter but I 've not heard anything about that from our installer when we talked about natural gas vs. propane . If have a combination regulator and gas meter then the gas company needs to visit . If you have a separate regulator then you need to tap the line for your generator and its regulator before your house 's regulator .
 As a standby generator for our community water system wells , I have purchased three of these units from Amazon over the past three years -LRB- one in 2004 , 2005 , & 2006 -RRB- . These units weigh over 600lbs and must be delivered by common carrier . Although our community roads are narrow , it was no problem getting them delivered to the sites . The generator comes on a wood skid with a cardboard carton attached . It was easy for two people to slide it off the skid onto a gravel prepared site . The unit has its own heavy plastic base.The generator comes setup to run on natural gas . In our case we needed to convert it to run on propane . This is done by unscrewing the intake hose from one port and screwing it into another . For propane you will need a minimum of 3 - 100 gal tanks in order to have enough evaporation to run the units . The electrical installation was easy . The transfer box is pre-wired with color coded circuits . If you are not competent with electricity call a licensed electrician ; the charge should not be that great because of the ease of setup.You will need to buy a group 26 - 12v automotive battery to start the generator . I would also recommend ordering the optional maintenance kit
 I have the 1999 model of the Generac Guardian 15kw system . This one is hooked directly into my panel and I have a subpanel hooked to the transfer switch . If you think you are going to buy a whole-house generator system such as this one you had better be a licensed electrician , pull all the permits , and have an electrical inspector -LRB- and gas inspector -RRB- licensed in your jurisdiction . You also better be licensed to plumb gas lines . If you do n't , you could unknowingly risk the lives of the electric company employees and blow up your house . So many do-it-yourselfers think they know how electricity works but really have no idea -- when you have the licensed electrician install this unit ask him for some horror stories.On the bright side , this is a real generator , not a joke Home Depot portable . This generator provides two legs of 120v -LRB- 240v -RRB- so it can run your entire house and several 240v appliances . Mine runs all circuits , including the hot water heater , but not the electric stove or the heat pump -LRB- a heat pump consumes 5 kw already , which brings you to the next higher Generac which is excessively cost-prohibitive . -RRB- During Hurricane Isabel we ran our entire house for 5 days and ran an extension cord to run a neighbor 's refrigerator for most of that time . We had hot water and every home comfort available to us except the electric stove and heat/AC . If you can swing the installation costs of such a unit -LRB- which easily costs more than the unit itself -RRB- by all means get this unit but if you intend to install it yourself you are a fool.For people who do n't have natural gas you will need to change out the regulator . I use propane so we needed a different orifice . Another reviewer stated that he needed a separate gas meter but I 've not heard anything about that from our installer when we talked about natural gas vs. propane . If have a combination regulator and gas meter then the gas company needs to visit . If you have a separate regulator then you need to tap the line for your generator and its regulator before your house 's regulator .
 THE ON-LINE INSTRUCTION MANUAL MADE NO MENTION OF 11 TO 14 INCHES OF GAS PRESSURE . ILLINOIS PWR CO WANTS $ 1600.00 FOR THAT SERVICE , BUT THEY WILL GIVE ME 11 INCHES AT NO COST AND I AM GOING TO TRY THAT . I HAVE YET TO INSTALL THE GENERATOR . THE ON-LINE MANUAL ALSO SAID IT WAS 30 HP AND IT IS 26 HP , BUT HAS THE SAME DISPLACEMENT AS THE 15 KW UNIT AT 30 HP , I DO N'T UNDERSTAND . I THINK THE BUYER IS NOT GETTING ALL THE INFO NEEDED FROM THE ON-LINE MANUAL AND I HAVE RECEIVED NO INFO ON THE $ 100.00 REBATE . THE UNIT LOOKS GOOD BUT NEEDS AN HOUR METER TO HELP KEEP TRACK OF MAINTENANCE .
 i got one of these for my kids and they had a blast with it . too large for indoor use ; however it does provide plenty of vim .
 STUNNING AND HUGE !!! CRANBERRY GLASS GAZING BALL OR ORNAMENT TO ACTUALLY HANG . MAILED IMMEDIATELY AND WAS PACKED SECURELY . IF YOU LOVE CRANBERRY GLASS YOU ARE GOING TO LOVE THIS PIECE - GREAT PRICE ALSO !!
 This does just what it is supposed to do . The Item is as described . I am pleased witih this purchase .
 I will admit Meta was a little easier to work with but it is growing harder to find.I had read this product outperformed but has a more active turnover schedule.I will admit it is very easy to use and had produces exceptional growth in everything from Kale to Chard to Peppers.Very satisfied .
 I have had no problems with these nutrients . Plants are always healthy . I even overfeed them sometimes and have never gotten any burn on them .
 Cant go wrong with FoxFarm products . The product speaks for itself . Anyone has one that using it will say the same
 I switched to fox farms and the difference in my product was amazing . Fox Farms has been a consistently GREAT product !
 The foxFarm nutrients i ordered said that it would take 3 weeks to arrive , much to my dismay . but wouldnt you know about 3-4 days later it came in the mail , i was very happy . Packages came taped up , 2 of them were factory sealed , the grow big was not , not that im complaining after seeing my plants results . The big bloom is not for hydroponic use as it says , but with the grow big you dont need it . After adding the nutrients -LRB- i had been using regular water -RRB- the plant actual put the hustle on haha . New leaves were forming , new sites were forming at the base of stem and leaves , and it actually comes very close to where the PH is supposed to be . after i run out you better believe im ordering another set .
 i love this product and have used it in the past my recent order however came to me frooze solid and i have some concerns about this affecting the nutrients
 I am a fan of fox farm nutrients after using these on my last grow I could see a big difference from the other nutes I was using . I am now using their soluble Tri-pack and it has made my grow even better . Would recommend anything fox farm has they have great products .
 Started using th big bloom immediatly on my my indoor plants.It 's probably been ~ 1 month , and noticable changes/improvements . Stay Green !!!!!! Max
 Great organic fertlizer to use for your garden . It last a long time and very easy to use . I will buy this again .
 I am planning on ordering a couple more of these before summer . Used some of this last year on the vegetables and you ca n't believe the difference !! My tomatoes were double the size and had much better flavor than everyone else ' , even with the horrible drought !! I am planning on using nutrients on a small patch of my iris this year to see if the stalks will be stronger , I just ca n't afford the amount of stakes it would take to hold them all up . Also going to use these on the veggies again , castor beans really liked these as well .
 I was shopping around when I found this product . I liked it because of the price it was at the time . I have been using it and so far loving it .
 this combination works well in both mediums the grow big seems to have a hole in the lid and there is no safety seal on either orders but it is a factory hole and the foam lid insert has a punch out that matches with the hole in the lid this is a good product
 Fox Farm is my # 1 fertilizer . EZer to use than those other &#34; advanced &#34; products . Highly recommend using the full line of Fox Farm products for maximum results .
 I got the trio . Out of the three Bloom Big is by far my favorite . I have roses and after using Bloom Big I 've seen as many roses as during the first flush of the summer season . I have n't seen quite as big of a difference with Grow Big or Tiger Bloom . I actually burned some of my roses on Tiger Bloom but that might have been my fault with getting the measurements wrong .
 This product is amazing . It has done what the sole purpose of this product was to do ; creating fantastic blooms and not much mute burning during the vegetative stage if used carefully . Thanks man !!!
 This is some of the best stuff a person can feed their plants . i mean the product does just what it says . definitely pleased with this purchase and will buy more when needed.as for personal results i have currently a few plants that are 11 days old as of this writing and can tell you each day i take a look at the system to make sure everything is as it should be and im amazed at the growth . each day i see that there is new growth and now one plant is over a foot tall and when purchased it was about 4 - 5 inches tall . this kind of growth in just 11 days ! the only thing i add to my mix is a drop or two of SUPERTHRIVE.at this point i have roots that look like don king had his head in there . thick , juicy , lush roots and strong plants.i cant wait to try this on some tomatoes .
 Awesome profits , awesome price , awesome shipping !!! Awesome period !!!! Could ask for better service or better price . . will be repeat customer !!!!! love this !!! ca n't express the greatness of this product at this price !!!
 If you follow the feeding instructions , this is the best product to use and very easy . I enjoy no smells and great results .
 Arrived on time and in good condition.The plants look happy .
 I will use nothing but fox farms been gardener long time did chide by side with product x that cost more fox farm was 30 % above twice
 These nutrients as well as all FOXFARM products are hugely recommended ! Try their soils too . They are top quality . dont skimp on your ingredients !!!!
 If you use fox farm soils , then here is what you need for a simple soil nutrient program .
 I used this set of nutrients for my most recent hydroponic grow with very good results . I grew my plants in a mix of coco coir and perlite , then fed my plants the Fox Farms Hydroponic nutrients by following the included instructions exactly . My plants have responded very well to the regimen and are green , bushy , and producing lots of flowers .
 The whole Fox Farm product lineup is really something great . I love watching my plant settle down with regular water then explode when I give them a dose of Grow Big . The leaves grow to a massive size in some cases . The blooming nutrients are just as amazing . I used regular water for a while until I discovered these nutrients , and my flowers look more amazing then I could 've imagined.You wont be dissapointed as long as you use the fox farm watering chart . Also I would n't give the plants any more nutrients than what the schedule says . In fact I 'd probably ease up a little on the measurements . Just remember if you 're using these for fruits or vegetables I would probably stop the nutrients and flush with strait water a couple of weeks before harvesting .
 My plants are growing better than ever since I switched to FoxFarm nutrients . Amazing growth and flowering . Its easy to use and the pH is nearly perfect . I would recommend them for soil and soilless growing .
 My potted tomatoes plants and orchids spring to life when I add these formulas to their water . It is amazing to watch the transformation . The tomatoes are especially tasty now that I am using them and I do n't have to worry about ingesting chemicals because the ingredients are safe for humans !
 These three nutes are a good choice for someone starting out . I especially like the Big Bloom since it 's organic . Just remember that you will need more than these three , especially if you use reverse osmosis water . At the very least you will need a Cal Mag product such asBotanicare CAL-MAG Plus Quart . There are many other products that will improve your grow but you could succeed with these three and a cal mag product.I really want to reinforce that you WILL at least need a cal mag product with this set if you use RO water .
 Was perfect bottles were new and packaged well I recomend to any one and best price I found for foxfarm nutes
 Fox Farm is great . I tried some with and some without . The plants I used Fox Farm on had a better growth , better color and all round better look . I also used Fox Farm Potting Soil a must if you want to all out .
 I did alot of research into deciding which liquid fertilizers I was going to try on our hibiscus this year . I found that Fox Farm 's products have great reviews all across the board ! So I went ahead and purchased the trio pack with the `` Hydro '' Grow Big , by mistake . I meant to order the soil formulated Grow Big . However , I found that the hydro formula also has a feeding schedule for soil . Very cool , now I dont have to fuss with a return and wait longer to give my precious Hibi 's their food . I have been using the products fairly close to the feeding schedule provided for the `` 12/12 light cycle '' . My Hibi 's grow outside , not in a closet lol , and hibiscus auto flower , so I really didnt need to use the `` vegatative stage '' schedule.So ... . My Hibi 's have been on the Fox Farm nutrients for about 6 weeks and I am very proud to say , we have more early season blooms than we had last year . Amazing stuff ! I will surely buy this product again.A side note for the haters of horticulture of ANY form ... . These nutrients can be used for other plants , flowers , and vegetables ... Dirt or hydroponic -LRB- which means to supply the plant nutrients by means of a water -LRB- hydro -RRB- or liquid -LRB- again , hydro -RRB- application -RRB- IT 'S NOT JUST FOR GROWING CANNABIS !
 This product has a great price compared to others that I have seen . Unfortunately I did not get to use much of it . I used it to jump start jalape & ntilde ; o and bell pepper seedlings and I ended up doing an aquaponics system from an old 55 gallon fish tank instead . Although I already spent my money on this product I decided to go the aquaponics route that way no `` artificial '' fertilizers are added . Plus all I have to buy is fish food-no chemicals . On another note
 Product works very well , seeing great results already . Not to mention it was cheaper than my local cheapest hydro store . Will buy again !
 The product arrived quickly and works great!I ca n't wait to try their other products.I have also used their soil with great success .
 To date , we have used Grow Big as a supplement for our Daylily seedlings . We have seen positive growth and no adverse effects from the use of Big Grow .
 A fantastic product from a small company that delivers great results . I would highly recommend it . Their Ocean Forest soil is literally the best soil I have ever used .
 These items is exactly what I was looking for . Order shipped fast ! Satisfaction Guaranteed ! My flowers have blossomed tremendously ! Will defiantly we back when it is time to re order !
 Currently using these for several weeks . I bought these to stock back up and they were an awesome price . You can not beat these prices at the local hydro shops . I know we should support the local shops , but not when I can save 20 or 30 dollars and get free shipping .
 I 'm sorry I could only give this product 5 stars . I could actually HEAR my garden grow . Every morning I woke up and could really see that things had grown . I live in the northern midwest and we have a very short growing season . This really jump started everything . All my veggies are HUGE , and taste great . I am ordering this by the gallon for next year .
 So I used it on some tomatoe plants that where dwarfed from bad nutrition within 2 days I noticed growth in new leafs and a much more colorfull green color to the plants , the plants this year grew to over 6 feet tall never had that happen before I would say that was because of the grow big and tiger bloom is another product that lived up to its name the tomatoe plants had soooo many blooms this year.the over all tomatoe production for this year looks really really good would I recomend it YES !!!
 I love the fox farms nutrients if used a couple times a week the way instructed huge results will happen . I live in a desert and with how dry our summer has been my vegetable gardens have loved the nutrients and have started making huge veggies and fruits from the plants . I have huge Roma tomatoes that have doubled blossoms with the blossom builder . i would recommend this set of nutrients to anyone with herb and vegetable gardens .
 STUNNING AND HUGE !!! CRANBERRY GLASS GAZING BALL OR ORNAMENT TO ACTUALLY HANG . MAILED IMMEDIATELY AND WAS PACKED SECURELY . IF YOU LOVE CRANBERRY GLASS YOU ARE GOING TO LOVE THIS PIECE - GREAT PRICE ALSO !!
 THE ON-LINE INSTRUCTION MANUAL MADE NO MENTION OF 11 TO 14 INCHES OF GAS PRESSURE . ILLINOIS PWR CO WANTS $ 1600.00 FOR THAT SERVICE , BUT THEY WILL GIVE ME 11 INCHES AT NO COST AND I AM GOING TO TRY THAT . I HAVE YET TO INSTALL THE GENERATOR . THE ON-LINE MANUAL ALSO SAID IT WAS 30 HP AND IT IS 26 HP , BUT HAS THE SAME DISPLACEMENT AS THE 15 KW UNIT AT 30 HP , I DO N'T UNDERSTAND . I THINK THE BUYER IS NOT GETTING ALL THE INFO NEEDED FROM THE ON-LINE MANUAL AND I HAVE RECEIVED NO INFO ON THE $ 100.00 REBATE . THE UNIT LOOKS GOOD BUT NEEDS AN HOUR METER TO HELP KEEP TRACK OF MAINTENANCE .
 i got one of these for my kids and they had a blast with it . too large for indoor use ; however it does provide plenty of vim .
 I installed this generator with the hope that I 'll never use it for more than the weekly exercise cycle ; then came Hurricane Wilma . The generator came on during the 1st part of the storm and stayed on for 5 days until the utility power was restored . The generator performed flawlessly . I ran most everything I needed including the pool motor . The external gfi outlets allowed me to use an electic chainsaw to cut a 30 ' palm tree from my driveway . This unit was priceless and am happy with it . My only issues are that the exterior shell is cheap , it 's noisier than I 'd like and it burned ~ 0.7 qt of oil during the 5 day run it had . Other than that , it was great for the money . The installation instructions were a breeze too .
 I recently installed a Generac Guardian Plus 6kW/7kW dual fuel generator . The unit comes neatly packaged on a pallet and was delivered via truck with a lift gate , so no heavy lifting during delivery.This unit is a Guardian 04389-3 . The most significant difference from the previous model is this unit will run on 5-7 inches W.C. of natural gas ; standard delivery pressure . Earlier models required 11-14 inches W.C. natural gas and a 45 day design/review process with the gas company . It still requires 11-14 inches W.C. LP.The DYI instructions supplied were clear and complete . Most everything needed for installation is supplied . Some additional items required
 This is a good product , it works really well and is super nice in that it has everything that you need included.That said - this product requires that you have a high pressure gas meter so know that going in and realize that it 'll cost a little money -LRB- $ 100 - $ 1000 depending on where you are and how much other gas stuff -LRB- furnaces etc -RRB- you have that will need to be regulated back down -RRB- and involve a little bit of hassle to get a high pressure gas meter installed . I did n't see that mentioned anywhere and only figured it out after receiving the generator . Double check with you gas provider to be sure that you can get this and figure out what it will cost before you order!Other than that , I think this is the greatest thing since sliced bread , you can literally run your house/business off it during electric outages .
 I am not quite sure where the other reviewers are getting the high pressure requirements for natural gas . My manual says 5-7 inches water column for natural gas and 11-14 inches for liquid propane . The wiring was fairly straight forward , but if you are uncomfortable with electricity I would strongly suggest you have a licensed electrician perform the installation of the transfer switch . The fuel line , is critical , so make sure it is done correctly . the unit has worked flawlessly through 2 power outages and I believe it was a very worthwhile investment .
 The unit is great and works as advertized . A previous reviewer advises professional installation ; I would like to propose the opposite , provided you have the requisite knowledge.Basically , if you want to do the electrical work , you have to know the NEC -LRB- if you do n't know what it is , hire an electrician -RRB- . Not just have a passing knoledge , KNOW it and the way your jurisdiction implemented it . And you have to own the tools and know how to use them -LRB- miscellaneous electrical hand tools , a voltage meter , a frequency meter , and an oscilloscope is real nice for seeing how clean your power is -- before you think about running those sensitive electronics on it -RRB- Second , you have to know the mechanical sections of the applicable building code . If you do n't , hire a licensed plumber . I did not know it -LRB- although I own it -- owning is different than knowing ! -RRB- , so I hired a mechanical company to calculate my gas load , contract with the gas company to install a split meter to run all the gas appliances in my house , and hook up the generator . Cost me $ 525 and I think they did a good job -LRB- I did look up on the code book to sanity-check their work -RRB- . But if you can , do the work yourself . Why ? Because :1 . As you go through your existing electrical panel to decide what to back-up , you 'll catch the errors the `` professional '' electrician committed and previous code inspectors missed -LRB- ca n't blame the guys -- they see thousands of these every day and assume , incorrectly , that professional electricians do n't cut corners -RRB- . I caught 3 miswired circuits -LRB- wrong sized breakers -RRB- .2 . You will really know how your unit works and its limits . You want to be able to repair things if they go awry , right ? I mean , you think that when the next hurricane hits -LRB- we had one last year -RRB- you 'll be able to get a serviceman over if something should break ? Good luck .3 . Installation is worth it if for no other reason than to run the the break-in cycle Generac recommends on your own ; it is enlightening . As you load the generator 25 % , 50 % , 75 % , 100 % you can track the voltage and frequency being delivered , you can measure how clean the power generated is -LRB- mine is a very clean 61Hz until about 90 % of power output -RRB- .4 . I guarantee you that you 'll change your mind about what circuits to back-up once you 've seen the performance . I have my sump pump -LRB- non-negotiable -- if it fails my house floods -RRB- , my gas-fired furnace -LRB- non negotiable -- if it fails I could get frozen pipes in winter -RRB- , my refrigerator and freezer -LRB- obvious reasons :--RRB- -RRB- backed up . This leaves 2 15A circuits and the 2 30A circuits.I rapidly learned that my 30A circuits are useless . Initially , I thought having my electric dryer running would be sweet in an emergency -LRB- dry those wet clothes from the bad weather -RRB- . Well , it will run off the generator . And not much else . I ca n't take the chance that my furnace , freezer , refrigerator , and sump pump might all run at the same time overload the generator , trip the source breaker at night -LRB- when I would not notice -RRB- and cause my house to flood . No good.So what do you do with 2 30A circuits that you ca n't really run at 100 % at any time , but will provide nice occasional power?Run lights and sockets . I used them to power a subpanel where I split them into 4 15A circuits and it works beautifully . And yes , it is code compliant -LRB- go back to my comment about the NEC -RRB- . All else is pretty routine . Oil changes are messy and sad because you have to drive to your haz-mat collection place to give up your used oil ; the service companies charge too much -LRB- unlike cars -- since Jiffy Lube came to town I do n't bother touching my cars ' oil at all -RRB- . Oh , and local repair companies do n't stock parts , but you can just order them directly from Generac . Do n't use 3rd party parts -LRB- including oil filters -RRB- . The warranty says this voids it ! A Generac oil filter costs around $ 6 so do n't bother with offbrand stuff.You will need permits . My electrical permit and my gas permit set me back $ 120 -LRB- Fairfax County , Virginia -RRB- . The inspectors were curteous , and professional . I 've built a lot of additions in my house and I always get the same ones -- they give good suggestions and I 've never failed an inspection -LRB- I apprecaite the tips and suggestions for improvement though.One final note
 I have the 1999 model of the Generac Guardian 15kw system . This one is hooked directly into my panel and I have a subpanel hooked to the transfer switch . If you think you are going to buy a whole-house generator system such as this one you had better be a licensed electrician , pull all the permits , and have an electrical inspector -LRB- and gas inspector -RRB- licensed in your jurisdiction . You also better be licensed to plumb gas lines . If you do n't , you could unknowingly risk the lives of the electric company employees and blow up your house . So many do-it-yourselfers think they know how electricity works but really have no idea -- when you have the licensed electrician install this unit ask him for some horror stories.On the bright side , this is a real generator , not a joke Home Depot portable . This generator provides two legs of 120v -LRB- 240v -RRB- so it can run your entire house and several 240v appliances . Mine runs all circuits , including the hot water heater , but not the electric stove or the heat pump -LRB- a heat pump consumes 5 kw already , which brings you to the next higher Generac which is excessively cost-prohibitive . -RRB- During Hurricane Isabel we ran our entire house for 5 days and ran an extension cord to run a neighbor 's refrigerator for most of that time . We had hot water and every home comfort available to us except the electric stove and heat/AC . If you can swing the installation costs of such a unit -LRB- which easily costs more than the unit itself -RRB- by all means get this unit but if you intend to install it yourself you are a fool.For people who do n't have natural gas you will need to change out the regulator . I use propane so we needed a different orifice . Another reviewer stated that he needed a separate gas meter but I 've not heard anything about that from our installer when we talked about natural gas vs. propane . If have a combination regulator and gas meter then the gas company needs to visit . If you have a separate regulator then you need to tap the line for your generator and its regulator before your house 's regulator .
 As a standby generator for our community water system wells , I have purchased three of these units from Amazon over the past three years -LRB- one in 2004 , 2005 , & 2006 -RRB- . These units weigh over 600lbs and must be delivered by common carrier . Although our community roads are narrow , it was no problem getting them delivered to the sites . The generator comes on a wood skid with a cardboard carton attached . It was easy for two people to slide it off the skid onto a gravel prepared site . The unit has its own heavy plastic base.The generator comes setup to run on natural gas . In our case we needed to convert it to run on propane . This is done by unscrewing the intake hose from one port and screwing it into another . For propane you will need a minimum of 3 - 100 gal tanks in order to have enough evaporation to run the units . The electrical installation was easy . The transfer box is pre-wired with color coded circuits . If you are not competent with electricity call a licensed electrician ; the charge should not be that great because of the ease of setup.You will need to buy a group 26 - 12v automotive battery to start the generator . I would also recommend ordering the optional maintenance kit
 I have the 1999 model of the Generac Guardian 15kw system . This one is hooked directly into my panel and I have a subpanel hooked to the transfer switch . If you think you are going to buy a whole-house generator system such as this one you had better be a licensed electrician , pull all the permits , and have an electrical inspector -LRB- and gas inspector -RRB- licensed in your jurisdiction . You also better be licensed to plumb gas lines . If you do n't , you could unknowingly risk the lives of the electric company employees and blow up your house . So many do-it-yourselfers think they know how electricity works but really have no idea -- when you have the licensed electrician install this unit ask him for some horror stories.On the bright side , this is a real generator , not a joke Home Depot portable . This generator provides two legs of 120v -LRB- 240v -RRB- so it can run your entire house and several 240v appliances . Mine runs all circuits , including the hot water heater , but not the electric stove or the heat pump -LRB- a heat pump consumes 5 kw already , which brings you to the next higher Generac which is excessively cost-prohibitive . -RRB- During Hurricane Isabel we ran our entire house for 5 days and ran an extension cord to run a neighbor 's refrigerator for most of that time . We had hot water and every home comfort available to us except the electric stove and heat/AC . If you can swing the installation costs of such a unit -LRB- which easily costs more than the unit itself -RRB- by all means get this unit but if you intend to install it yourself you are a fool.For people who do n't have natural gas you will need to change out the regulator . I use propane so we needed a different orifice . Another reviewer stated that he needed a separate gas meter but I 've not heard anything about that from our installer when we talked about natural gas vs. propane . If have a combination regulator and gas meter then the gas company needs to visit . If you have a separate regulator then you need to tap the line for your generator and its regulator before your house 's regulator .
 This is a good quality cover . And , I love not paying a shipping fee with Amazon ! I can fit my 5 chairs -LRB- with 2 stacked -RRB- underneath with my 50 '' table .
 Cover is good quality and I am satisfied thus far but I am anxious to see the condition after the winter .
 Had a lot of trouble finding a winter cover to fit our 54 '' round table ; most are too big or too small . Since table is exposed to high winds and snow drift , we need one that fits well . It has n't weathered the winter yet , but appears to be sturdy enough and was easy to attach . Price paid was about half what I found at other online retailers .
 We bought two of these for our expansive collection of lawn chairs and table . It is quite big and size and the Velcro fasteners work pretty well . Heavy duty plastic seems to be keeping our furniture well protected . The price is reasonable too . What is especially nice is the fitted sides that have edges and corners so it is not just a big flat sheet which is more likely to blow away but actually fits over something like a table and the sides of a table .
 I had to put a couple of bricks on top to keep the cover in place , but otherwise I like it very much !
 I have a glass/plastic backyard table that I use during the summer months . Because I can not fit the table in my garage , I wanted a cover to keep the table dry over the winter months , and protected over the summer months from the sun . These were pretty well priced so I ordered 2 of them . They fit my table perfectly -LRB- just make sure you buy the right size -RRB- and there is a strap that you can attach to the table leg . I had these on over the last several storms , in which it was extremely windy , and they stayed on . It also protected and kept the table clean as there are a lot of dirt on them from the storm . I can easily spray off the dirt and use the table right away . I no longer need to hose off the table to enjoy sitting outside . I would definitely buy these again .
 I was pleased to see that the material was thick and durable . So far it has withstood high winds and storms .
 Very nice cover . It fitted my table -LRB- dismeter 48 inches -RRB- very well.It has white velcro straps that will allow it to be tied down to the table legs.Material feels very good and has a good finish.I would recommend it for outdoor furniture . This is the first winter so it will be tested .
 This fit perfectly . Seems ver durable . The ties were not positioned well , but , it did not deflect from the cover
 Heavy duty material , waterproof and fits my 54-inch round picnic table perfectly . Rainy season has definitely arrived and the table is still bone dry underneath the cover . Velcro straps keep it snug when gusty winds blow .
 Not only did this cover fit my table and chairs perfectly but i was very impressed with the overall quality . I purchased covers from this company a couple of years ago and they are still working great . i found if you use WD-40 it helps to clean off the dirt that wo n't come off when I just use a hose to rinse them .
 This cover was bought to cover a small outdoor table and 2 chairs . Even though it is meant for a table only , it works great for my small table set . It was easy to secure and is a quality cover .
 So far I like this cover for my table , it fits the table , allbeit a bit large but still perfect for the table . It has many velcro tie downs so the cover stays in place even during high winds , I like this feature on the cover . I purchased this cover to protect my table which is left outdoors during our Buffalo winters . Between the wind , rain and snow I am hoping this cover will hold up well . So far is has withstood the wind and rain and is still in one piece . It is much too early for the snow but I have great expectations it will hold up well . This is a very good product for the money.I have had this table cover since 2009 and it has withstood the last three Western New York winters and is still in great condition . My table is kept outdoors year round due to its size and this cover is still in great condition . Worth every cent I spent on this table cover and more . If ever need to replace it would not hesitate to purchase exact cover . Would recomend to a friend .
 Very good product with on time delivery . Material is waterproof vinyl , easy to sew and modify for exact fit . Have purches other items from this vendor .
 This past winter was pretty rough , one of the worst in recent years , The cover protected my outdoor set beautifully ; you do have to anchor it down a little to stay in place .
 Great quality for the buck . Clean and Classy with a heavy vinyl that takes rain and direct sunlight very well .
 A good product , but it was a little larger than I needed . I listened to some of the other reviews that said the outdoor furniture covers were alot smaller than they expected , so I got a much larger one than I needed . A good cover , but I ended up sending it back .
 Good fit . Seems to be of good quality . Was tested against winds of 50 mph AND STAYED ON TABLE . Has 4 velcro straps on each corner and that seems to hold the cover in place . Good purchase for the money .
 I spent a long time looking for the quality I wanted for the price I wanted to pay . This was it according to the description on the internet . The description was accurate , and the shipping process was quick . I am very happy with the cover . It is thick and heavy so even if I do not use the handy velcro to wrap around the legs , it has stayed in place during heavy winds and rain . My table is under trees so it gets messy and stained from falling acorns but with a little soap and water and bleach , it is like new again . The cover is bigger then the table needs but I did n't want to pay custom size prices so I took a chance . Because of the weight of the vinyl , it just drapes nicely over the edge like a long tablecloth would do .
 These outdoor furniture covers from Protective Covers , Inc. are great . They are very heavy duty vinyl or whatever . They have nice tabs with Velcro which allows for attaching them to your furniture so they do n't blow away . These are the best patio furniture covers I have ever purchased .
 I really like these and keep them on my buying list . They protect the outdoor furniture well - summer and winter . We do store most of our outdoor furniture in the winter but we use these covers year round .
 Yep , I can remember back in the day when the Playstation just came out and this was the first game i got back when the PS1 games came in those bulky cardboard cases instead of the smaller jewel cases . Well , this game is still a blast to play after all these years and is easily one of my favorite games of all time . This one had all the perfect levels and the perfect balance of characters set in a darker tone than the other games had besides TM : Black of course . I liked how each level had some destructible environments as well as the inside cockpit view in the cars . The stories for each of the characters were all interesting and made you want to play through with each character . Overall , this is a great game that will have you playing for quite a while and while your at it , check out TM2 which is an amazing game as well . You should especially check this one out if your a newer fan to the series and want to see the games roots .
 If you are looking for a cheesy racing game , this is not what you are looking for . This game is pounded with so much action , explosion , and destruction that you will feel like you are in a battle field full of psychos . Buy this game , you wont regret it .
 This is the very first twisted metal game to come out and i loved it . It is different than the rest of them but it is still fun to play . It has the original people and tracks to go to so if u have played any of the other twisted metal games u will reconize most of these people . It is very hard to beat because it is the first game and it took a long time to get used to . The graphics well this is the first one , its on the ps1 , and it is a very old game so yes they r not very good . It is all blocky and the cars move in weird directions . This is a great game on multiplayer though , there r many different things to do unstead of just battleing each other . After u beat the game a couple of times it is easy to play and beat ur friends at it . This is a very fun but challenging game .
 While seeming kind of pixilated and slow nowadays , back when it first came out , TM was an incredible-looking game ! The action was quick , the backgrounds creepy , and the energy high . TM2 was even better , then those idiots at 989 Studios got a hold of the franchise and ruined it ! Oh well , there 's always Vigilate 8 ... And you can always go back and relive the classic Twisted Metal !
 When I first played this game -LRB- seven years ago -RRB- I instantly got hooked . Twisted Metal was the first of its kind . No one had ever heard of a car game where you drive around blowing your computer opponents away . Even though the gameplay was drawling as you did the same thing for level after level after level , no one cared . That 's how great this game was -LRB- and still is -RRB- . Twisted Metal gave the world of gaming a new insight . It started this chain reaction that just could not be stopped . The characters are awesome and the gameplay is phenomenal.Bottom Line
 Wow . A game where you blow up stuff that is n't Mature . This game has some of the worst graphics I have ever seen . But do n't get discouraged . Ignore the graphics long enough to see this is the 2nd most fun game I have ever played -LRB- next to Final Fantasy VIII -RRB- . First off I love the characters . Especially the escaped mental patient Sweet Tooth -LRB- avoid telling your mother about that little detail -RRB- . I also like Yellow Jacket . The cab driver . Another great quality is the gameplay itself . This is such a fun game . With great levels . It has such amazing replay value . Even the most advanced games do n't have as good replay value as Twisted Metal . Buy this game . Beleive me , it is definetly worth buying .
 A great type of demolition derby ! Exept for the guns and pedestrien crushing . There is n't much more to say besides this is a great game . But we probably wo n't se another good Twisted Metal again besides TW1 and TW2 because 989 studios ruined Twisted Metal . SingleTrac makes the best TW games . 989 should stick with Syphon Filter.The best thing about this game is blowing all the enemies to smitherines .
 The original Twisted Metal is either the second best or third best of the TM series in my opinion . It 's a little bit slow compared to all the other Twisted Metal games , but that 's really the only drawback I could find with it . It 's fun and has a lot of non-stop explosive action much like TM2 only it 's not quite as good and the levels are n't as imaginative or well laid out.However , when you compare it to TM3 , this game and all the other TM games ROCK ! Unlike TM3 , it has good control and a lot of replay value.Bottom line , if you 're a newcomer to the Twisted Metal series , I would recommend getting this one first then once you master it and get used to the controls and can beat all your friends at it , get Twisted Metal 2 because it 's the best of the series .
 the product came fast and in better shaoe than i expected from an &#34; old &#34; game . I will be back to buy some more : -RRB-
 I 've only played Twisted Metals 3 and 4 , but not the first two games in the series ... Twisted Metal 4 has cheats to unlock the bosses like Sweet Tooth , Minion , etc. .
 I think this is the best of the Twisted metal series so far . This one has the best people and the best locations .
 Its OKAY
 I love this game as it is a vintage game for me . I played this game a lot 10 years ago back in high school and found it to really fun .
 black is the king of them all , but before that , and even now , swettooth 's debut game . you may know sweettooth as the flame haired , demon clown king of twisted metal , but this came out in 1995 , 6 years ago , so sweettooth is a human , an escaped mental patient on a rampage !! if you wan na see something freaky , look at his picture in the choose vehicle screen , creeepy ! , also , you can be sweettooth ! great game , dont waist you 're time to rent it , it 's a waist of money ... BUY IT !
 Ok , the graphics suck , but the game itself is awesome . There 's even cheat codes in it to help and it is very fun to play in Multi-player . Running over the pedestrians are fun and crashing into buildings and cars . And i have it in its original packagingin thos big original PS1 cases .
 Twisted metal was one of PSX greats.The game was Messed up ! And some stuff just did n't follow up.The games graphics are horrible to todays gaming industrie.The best Twisted metal game was BLACK.This is one of the most original games to ever come out for psx ... This is also the first I game I played were you acctually run over people ... This game is over all a classic . I loved this game when I first baught it which was about 7 years ago.And Im not going to give it less just cause it 's a little old.People who love Twisted Metal Games should own the original and Black . Those are great games.Or if you are a PSX fan just get this game ! It 's great ... Later . .
 Played every twisted metal game out there and this is By far the best one of the series the Game play is insane .
 Twisted Metal is a game on the PlayStation system . It is a vehicle combat game . That basically means that you 're in a car , with weapons attached to the car , fighting other cars . There are a total of twelve characters to select , each one having a unique story to follow . I wo n't tell about every story , it 'd just be too much , and some of the stories are quite hard to explain . The main central plot is this
 i have not played this in a while . but this is fun though . but then who does not like to blow up your competitors in a race .
 Like old playstation games and this is one of my favorite series . I would recommend to anyone who likes the Twisted metal series .
 This is game is a true classic for the PS1 ! I had to buy it again just so I could play it on my PS3 as well as the rest of the Twisted Metal Games ! Can not wait until the new release in February !
 this is a game I played when I was in middle school . It 's fun now because you look at the comparatively bad graphics and cheesy endings to the games of today . It 's fun to travel back to being 14 ... Glad those days our gone.fun game from yester-year though .
 The game that started it all ! If you love vehicular combat , then definitely get this game . I love this one and twisted metal 2 as a kid !
 This game was one of the first games I ever played on the PSX , when my friend wanted to rent it the first time at blockbuster I complained that it looked retarded ... Well , I was very very wrong . Ive played this game for hours and hours and I still love it ! The game has alot of different vehicles each with a different story behind it and different special weapons to use aginst your enemy . Although , the cars are all balanced out pretty well besides Minion ... The end boss you fight has all the cars specialties combined.You can play up to two players and have deathmatches or you can play the game together . If I were you , I would have already purchased this game . It is great for the whole family and I highly recommend it !
 I like it becuse you can be so many different cars & go to so many cool levels that when I saw this game on the shelf I just had to buy it ! so if you get this game I know you will not regret it !
 I love this game it is so much fun and the exitement never wares off
 The first day I played this game -LRB- about seven years ago -RRB- , I was shocked in a good way , because this game is phenomenal . Using vehicles for combat and multiplied destruction could n't be better . Even though its graphics could be sharpened and more detailed , the gameplay , and value of this game are in the spotlight . Each level are unique from each other , and I must say that they include a lot of beautiful textures ; they range from an underground arena , to skycrapers . Using the sophisticated weaponry with advanced techniques will keep you glued to your screen ; you get to retrieve weapons you see that appear , and use them for your enemies . As for sound , the SFX is a little over average , it is n't as detailed or spectacular . With the music though , that 's one concept of this game that makes it outstanding ; orchestra , symphony type music with a touch of hard core music makes this game prosperous.You can play 2-player deathmatches which really kick arse . If you 're alone and want to do a tournament match , you will fight and may win until you ask Calypso , the leader in the car combat series , for your ultimate wish to come true.If you are someone who likes to battle the brawl on the urban side of town , then this game is for you .
 Twisted Metal is a really fun game because in the last level you get to battle against Minion . You could use any car that you like and there 's lots of cool cars to choose from . We like Darkside and Mr. Grimm , who shoots out skeleton heads , the best .
 This game is AWESOME !!!!!! I 've rented it for only two days and I already want to buy it -LRB- Twisted Metal 2 that is -RRB- . The graphics are pretty good for an old game . The characters are neat and the levels are well laid out . Among the coolest characters are Sweet Tooth , Hammerhead , Darkside and Warthog . Another cool feature is that you can run over people.The only problem with this game is that there are n't enough levels and the passwords for them are too easy to remember . That 's why I want to buy TM 2 . The boss , Minion , is a bit easy to defeat . I came close to beating him this morning.Well that raps it up . All in all , a great game . But it is little easy .
 The game that started it all.It had good graphics and AWESOME gameplay.Too bad people bought the high acclaimed Destruction Durby more than this.But it has the best sequal of all!So check out this game.See the deleted TM1 ending movies at www.TMAlliance.com .
 this is one of the greatest games ever i used to have one and i had beaten it as every character and now that it broke i still want a new one . like when you beat it as yellowjacket you want to know what happened to your son and you find out his son is sweetthooth and you killed him . and as hammerhead all you want is new tires for your monstertruck . and as sweetthooth you want your best freind back HAROLD THE WACKY LUNCH SACK a crumpled paper bag .
 When the game FIRST came out , It was mad fun , shooting other cars with your car was fun ish . I liked this game , I mean NOW of course it would suck , but back then this game owned .
 7/13/07As of today , I still play this about once or twice a year on my PS2 . I also own Twisted Metal 2 , III , and 4 . These are the only ones I have played , and to this date , the original is still the best , although popular opinion would say Twisted Metal 2 . Back when this game first came out , it was a new innovative kind of game . A first -LRB- or third -RRB- - person shooter using vehicles instead of people -LRB- even though the cars had drivers -RRB- . It is the original game of its type -LRB- not Carmageddon -RRB- and has been the basis for many other popular and not-so-popular games such as Cel Damage and the Vigilante series . Yet even now it , or at least the franchise , is still the leader in vehicular combat games . This is why I give it 5 stars even now in 2007 . In it 's day , the graphics were amazing and state of the art . It does n't lose any stars for graphics because even by today 's standards the graphics are not bad . Nothing compared to Motorstorm on PlayStation 3 , but still , good . As to the actual game . I have beaten it countless times . It is not too hard for a beginner or child , and yet has enough challenge and replayability to keep veteran players like myself still playing . It is a game where you are selected to compete in a worldwide , illegal tournament hosted by a mysterious figure named Calypso . Little is known about him or the tournament , but you must battle your way through the levels to meet him . If you do win and meet him , you get whatever you want -LRB- kind of like a single-wish genie , if you will -RRB- . This does not spoil any of the plot as it states this in the booklet that comes with the game and the opening animation . The interesting things are the individuals desires , which you can only learn by beating the game -LRB- I 'm not tellin ' -RRB- .
 Lets see , first do n't get overly surprised by great levels and graphics because they are not . The theme of the levels are great though . Another thing I noticed that each password was the same for all the cars . This is a wonderful game . The Kars r Kool ! with capital K 's . The coolest thing about this game is that you can play as Darkside ! The special stinks though . Pit Viper is my favorite car and her sticky goo special is great !!!
 I know this game like the back of my hand . It is on of the best yet . This one and Twisted Metal 2 were the best . Twisted Metal got messed up when it hit # . Now the next best will be Twisted Metal : Black for PS2 . Trust me about the first and second Twisted Metal games . They are the best .
 Purchase this brand for all my outdoor funiture after a more expensive brand failed within a year . They seem to be of good quality and I 'm hoping they last longer than the others .
 Very well made with heavy vinyl that is soft to the touch . Water proof and very classy clean look .
 I bought some other covers that were horrible quality and they basically cracked and were shredded . These look very sturdy and they will last the winter . I highly recommend .
 These covers are amazing . The covers are actually a little oversize , which is great because our furniture is well protected . The covers are water proof and really easy to put on and take off . The price is very competitive . Highly recommend these .
 I researched a number of outdoor furniture covers and this came in least expensive with excellent reviews , so I figured it was worth a try . We 've had the covers a couple months now and they 've held up to sun , rain , and wind , even without attaching the velcro closures at the bottom which wrap around the feet if desired . Be sure to measure your furniture to ensure your cover is the right size . We went with oversized covers and they fit well . It 's SO nice not to have to bring cushions in before a storm , or deal with soggy cushions if we forget ! And the light gray color is attractive too .
 The suspension arm fit right into my Craftsman mower . Just had to pull the clips , pop the old one out , new one in , relevel dack and it was good to go .
 They would thank us.I 've wrapped the shrubs with burlap first and thought it was enough . The deer just pushed and pulled it around to get to the shrubs . Then I wrapped them in this netting and no more issues with deer . I used zip ties to secure . A second person would be helpful to keep this stuff straight to cut and ... stay off it when cutting and measuring . This stuff catches shoe treads rather easily . Its pretty comical .
 This stuff keeps the deer from munching on the evergreens in winter . huge success !! The only challenge is wresting the black netting into place around evergreens when there are other plants and things for it to catch on .
 Every year the local deer herd have a feast on my black walnut trees that are within reach , but this year they are n't happy . I guess some use this as a fence , but as a &#34; tree wrap &#34; it works like a charm . The deer move on to something else when they realize it 's tough chewing , and at the rate a tree grows in my climate , that makes this product well worth the investment . Works great uncut on rows too . I have it on my blueberries , strawberries , and rasberries just in case the local wildlife develops a &#34; taste &#34; for those too .
 We used this netting to keep the rabbits out of the chili . If they had time , they could probably chew through it , but the dog backs up the net . Only good for one season in the SW AZ sun . Becomes brittle and weak about half-way through te second year . Will buy more when needed .
 It is a good quality with reasonable price . It is light and does not break easily . I would suggest other to buy it .
 I have two small poodle mix dogs that are able to slip through an existing fence . I also live on a hill with a beautiful view that I did n't want to hide with a heavier fence . I installed this product onto the existing fence and it works perfectly for keeping my dogs in the yard and keeping my view intact . We also used to get other small animals that would come in ... -LRB- like skunk , possum , raccoon ... -RRB- . Since installing this netting , we 've had no stray animals . All of the animals -LRB- including my dogs -RRB- could probably break through if they kept at it , but since they do n't know it , they do n't try . If I have to re-install this netting every season , it 's well worth it ... especially at this price . I 'm a customer for life !
 We have about 50 shrubs around our pool fence and the winters can be harsh on them . This deer fence has been a lifesaver . When the snow and ice hits them , we can just sit back and not worry because the deer fence keeps them from getting weighted down from the heavy ice and snow .
 As advertised and at a good price . Used it to protect newly planted fruit trees . Our previous experience with the product was the reason for ordering more .
 Easy to install -LRB- better if is between two people -RRB- does n't need too strong sticks to stay in place even under tension . Does n't present too much resistance to wind neither.Once in place , it is hard to see and could be convenient to add some bright color strips of plastic or cloth to avoid people and bird collision .
 For the price , this product can not be beat . It is thin but works well to enclose small areas . I 've used it for over two years now and it holds up well and remains strong throughout the winter months . If you need to enclose more than 5,000 square feet you should consider something stronger . For smaller areas , this stuff works great . I use 2 inch furring strips as fence posts , dipping the `` ground '' end in driveway sealer or similar .
 Stopped the deer at its track - only problem I had with the product is it is sometimes hard to work with and when you staple it the material sometimes breaks . But at least my bushes have not been eaten to the bone .
 Ordered this as a last resort to keeping deer out of our garden . We have used electric fencing for years , but by the middle of the season , they have learned to jump over the electric wire . We installed this deer fencing around the entire perimeter -LRB- over 400 feet -RRB- , then we ran electric with another electric line set about 3 feet outside the deer netting . This seemed to work . No deer have invaded our garden so far and even if they did get in now , most everything has been picked now anyway . We heard that deer get confused by the 3 foot distance and wo n't try to jump over a great distance . The fence is too high anyway . We bought the 7 foot height .
 I 've used this product to cover our water pond in the winter to keep the leaves out and it 's been used on our wrought iron fence to keep the our dogs tennis balls in the yard .
 I have a 12 ' x 30 ' cyclone fence run for my chickens but I had nothing for the top to keep hawks , etc out . This works perfect and is economical . I just zip tied the ends together . Do n't let vines grow into this or you 'll have a mess on your hands .
 These are awesome . We bought these for our sons . They love to cook out a lot . They love them and we have used ours in the oven . They cook evenly and keep the meat juicy ! If you like to cook wings , this the only way to go !
 I haved used this in the oven and on the grill and was pleased with the results . The legs were golden brown , crispy , moist , and delicious . For the oven , I placed the rack on a large jelly roll pan -LRB- it 's too long to fit in a 13x9 pan -RRB- lined with foil . The grease drippings from the legs will generate a lot of smoke inside the oven so the directions say to pour a 1/4 cup of water inside the pan to prevent smoking . I had to do that a couple of times . I sprayed the rack with a little cooking spray before loading it up and cleaning it was easy.The rack should be used with indirect heat on the grill . I pushed the coals to one side of the grill and was able to use the additional space under the rack and in front of it to grill additional items at the same time . It takes about 30-45 minutes to cook the legs through depending on the size . You can always pull the smaller ones off while the larger one continue to cook . I cooked my first batch in the oven for 45 minutes and even the smaller ones were juicy . The grilled ones were even better since I tossed on a handful of wood chips.The rack is sturdy and easily supports the legs . I thought they would probably fall off once they shrank a bit from cooking but they did n't . I have n't tried wings on it yet .
 Length :
 This is the original version from Bayou which is made of Stainless Steel . I got the down-grade version in nickel-plated steel at Lowe 's for $ 4.97 works the same plus the rack now could be fold to save storage space . Usually I grill chicken legs and wings at direct heat to increase the cooking speed but the skin is always burned and skull still raw . This rack will enable me to use both indirect or direct heat , minimize energy lost by open the grill cover for constant toss and turn , increase cooking capacity -LRB- which is good for party -RRB- , and foolproof for a crispy outside and tender inside lean chicken legs and wings . I recommend to get 2 of these to optimize the use of your gas grill . Put them on drip pan with some water to reduce smoke , lighten task for cleanup and prevent dryness when use in elec oven .
 This is an excellent grilling product ! We like to barbeque year-round , but always have to worry about flare-ups , turning the chicken , and burning . With this product , it 's so easy to just put the legs on the rack and not worry until they are done -- and they are done perfectly , with no burning . A simple yet ingenious invention !
 I received the item quickly just as ordered . I purchased this to use in my smoker , it makes the best chicken legs I 've ever had . I brined the legs and used rib rub on them . the rack allowed them to cook evenly , draining any fat content without drying them out . I would recommend this item and seller to anyone .
 You 'll note on the packaging that there are no photos of wings hanging from the rack even though it is called a `` leg and wing rack '' . Ditto for the manufacturers website.I 'm not sure how you could completely load the racks with 12 wings without them sort of laying on each other sideways . I bought two racks and was able to space out the 18 wings I cooked.That said , the wings came out the crispy and like fried without being fried , in part thanks to a spritz of pam-type cooking spray .
 I chanced upon this item at the local Ace Hardware store and decided to give it a try . After getting some drumsticks from Costco , not the dinky ones , olive oil and Kirkland mesquite seasoning I just placed the drumsticks on the rack , fired up the grill to around 450 and put them on . About 35-40 minutes later , perfect ! Skin was crispy , meat was moist and tender . Whole family was impressed . No need to constantly open the grill and turn the things.So now I am going to get one or two more through Amazon and be able to handle a good size crowd for BBQ 's we host.Clean up is a little cumbersome but there is no way around that . Just let it soak over night and the crud comes right off with a light scrub.Great Product .
 this rack is perfect for chicken wings and legs . The meat does n't touch the grill so clean up is a breeze . The racks fit easily into the dishwasher and stack nicely for storage .
 Since I live in a condo , I have to use this in an oven instead of a grill and it 's a particularly good way to do chicken legs in the oven because it cooks evenly and you do n't have to turn the chicken , and you normally would if the legs were laid in a pan . My particular sample was a bit bent out of shape , but it was easily bent back . I have yet to try it with wings , but with legs , the chicken hangs perfectly . Recommended .
 But I want to bake duck legs once and the ducks obviously have smaller knuckles . So it did n't work . Great for chicken though
 My husband wanted this and he uses it all the time . We use it on the grill and inside . Great !
 What a great idea and a perfect addition to any good grill.Prep the legs or wings to taste -LRB- rubs , pepper , salt , spritz of oil , etc -RRB- . Hang the legs as shown . Preheat the grill to about 350 degrees of indirect heat . Put them in and close the lid . As it cooks , the skin get crisp and the fats drip down , creating flavor . No flames , no burns , no pressure on the chicken.After about 35 minutes take the temperature of the meat . When done remove the whole rack -LRB- a cookie sheet works great as the fat and juices will continue to drip -RRB- . Ready to eat and enjoy .
 I give this leg and wing rack four stars . I used this rack and got great results smoking several legs and wings . A little harder to clean but well worth the money .
 We used it as soon as we got it . I filled it up with chicken legs . I used it in our smoker and the drummies turned out great.The rack cleaned up nice too .
 Had legs on one of these at our son 's & we had to get one of our own . Makes chicken legs more fun & they cook evenly & deliciously . Cleans up great in the dishwasher , a big plus !
 This is a great rack . It is made out of the same material that most oven racks are made out of . If holds 12 wings securely . This allows the wings to bake evenly and come out nice and crispy but tender inside -LRB- see pics -RRB- . The rack does not have a non stick coating so if you do n't coat is with Pam or some other non stick product it will take long to clean it .
 Awesome carefree cooking item !! No need to waste time rotating when cooking !! 350 degrees for 45 minutes ... wonderful !! Easy clean up ! You will not be disappointed ! :0 -RRB-
 Not much else I can say here . I have been looking for a way to better enhance my grilling of drumsticks and a friend turned me on to this and I have n't looked back since . Perfect in every way . I have found that if i put a pan with water under it , makes the chicken even more juicy . Must have !!!!!!!!!!
 Have not had this product very long ... looking to use it on the grill when the weather gets better , but have used it once in the oven , did exactly what it said it would do ... drumsticks came out great .
 I love this rack . I cooked the chicken wings and legs , both worked out very well . I cooked 30 min 450 F and 15 min 415 F in the oven . The chicken skin was crispy but meat was juicy . I used a cooking pan under to collect the grease , with some water to decrease the smoke.the only thing I do not like is that when I removed cooked chicken drum stick , the skin is sticky to the rack and it is hard to take them off the rack . But it is not a big deal .
 saves space -- low cost product -- use this alot -- did not give five stars because of cleaning -- no fun to clean -- thinking of buying another one
 My family is always giving me a hard time about the gadgets I buy to cook with by both by husband and son have commented on this rack . We use it on the grill and also in the oven . I can cook up to 12 legs and there are plenty for everyone . The grandkids think its cool , too .
 this was a gift for my boyfriend . it works great on a grill , but can be messy to clean after .
 Enough room so the legs do n't stick to the rack - retains the natural juices better than normal grilling . Does not require flipping or turning the legs - absolutely love it . Oh and easy clean up as well .
 As the chicken has no contact with any surface , the hot air inside the oven makes the skin crispy and delicious , the rack has two very convenient kind of handles , I just recommend you to put a pan down this rack as grease will drip and in contact with the oven fire can be dangerous . This rack is large enough to fit up to 12 large and fat chicken legs , next time I 'll use it with wings , but I love this rack .
 We have a weekly family BBQ year round . Chicken legs and wings is a regular menu item . I bought the rack when I saw it because I wanted something that helps me make the perfect legs/wings without keep turning and/or checking . What the rack does is getting rid of the burn marks on the legs/wings when it touches the grill . It does work for the legs better than the wings though . I find myself stacking the wings on the rack . But it does save time since I do n't have to keep checking/turning each piece . Excellent product .
 This gadget cooks perfect wings and drum sticks . Put on grill , have a beer or 2 and then it 's done !
 Absolutely a &#34; must have &#34; if you cook chicken legs or wings on the grill . Even cooking , no burning on one side : -RRB-
 Works great , takes all the mess of legs sticky and burning plus does great with wings.I thoroughly enjoy it.This is actually my second one to buy .
 Not 2 weeks after we received this and started using it , I noticed a stain right in the middle of the cover where the seat cushions are . It wiped right off , but if the cover had not been on it would have been on our newly reupholstered love seat . It fits very well over our rattan love seat . Very good quality cover , nice and heavy vinyl so it does n't blow off and the velcro straps at the corners also help hold it on . We are very happy with this product . A + +
 I have a full patio set with 2 regular size chairs , a loveseat , and a coffee table . I put the table on top of the loveseat and the chairs together and 2 of these fit great ! They are a little big but it 's fine . Cheapest price I could find anywhere -LRB- most stores took theirs off the sales floor at the beginning of November to make room for Xmas stuff -RRB- . Glad I bought them .
 I found these covers more than ample for the benches I was covering . My benches measured slightly larger -LRB- 2 '' -RRB- and I was concerned these would be too tight . There is a little confusion over figuring out the front from the back -LRB- no markings or instructions -RRB- and small velcro ties at the bottoms for the legs . They are not the most stylish of covers and more like a heavy duty fitted tarp . For the price I think they are a great value . The keep out the rain , do n't stain from leaves , and protect your outdoor furniture . Good value . Recommended .
 This product exceeded my expectation . Not only did it fit , but it stayed on during a strong wind/rain storm . I would recommend this product to others .
 It is a bit on the large size , but it covers my love seat very well and protects it from rain and wind . It 's heavy and made of good material and has velcro straps to wrap around the legs of the chair !
 I just received this cover so it has n't been tested with time but it appears to be very sturdy and did n't blow away with it 's first wind/rain storm . It has velcro straps which attach to the legs of the loveseat . So far , I 'm pleased .
 My protective cover was extremely useful in covering my rooftop patio furniture . I do believe it should have a little weight on the ends so that it does n't come up when it 's windy and the furniture always remains covered completely at all times .
 Covers my glider perfectly and I can also store four or more outdoor pillows under the cover . I live on the west coast so our weather is mild compared to the rest of the US .
 I have had this product for a year now and it is holding up nicely . The material is heavy duty and keeps my furniture clean .
 Very nice and heavy duty . Have not gone through the winter yet though so I have to see how that turns out . Hopefully there will be no cracks or tears .
 Really love this - it arrived just before the heavy rains so my wicker has been nicely protected in the drenching rains we 've had here !
 The material appears very sturdy , but I have n't had it long enough to see if it will handle 8-10 hours of direct Florida sunlight daily for 365 days per year , but it looks as if it could .
 The protective cover for my wicker loveseat is doing it 's job well . It 's heavy enough that it stays put ... snow just slides off it .
 Very sturdy and well made . fit the chairs and the loveseat perfectly . Would recommend this product to anyone . thank you
 The covers are very heavy and good quality . They cover all the way to the bottom and there are velcro fasteners at the corners to hold them down when it 's windy .
 We bought a set of these covers for our two chairs and love seat on our deck . They are well made , and somewhat attractive ... for furniture covers ! -LRB- It helps that they match the color of our house and hot tub ! -RRB- Looking forward to many years of winter protection !
 These covers are a perfect fit and durable . I will edit if they do n't last until next year but they seem great now . They are n't pretty , but they cover my outdoor porch rattan 2 seater just fine and have already had Sandy in NC to test it . Dry dry dry furniture . Very sensible in price and easy to fold . What 's not to like except pretty flowers and designs . -LRB- I do n't care about that compared to price and durability -RRB-
 FITS MY WICKER COUCH VERY WELL ... RUNS A BIT LARGE BUT THAT MAKES IT EASIER TO TUCK THE COVER UNDER THE LEGS SO THAT IS WILL NOT BLOW OFF ... . VERY GOOD BUY
 This cover fits my cedar glider so well and looks so much better than the old tarp I had been using . Since I just covered the glider , we 've yet to see it 's performance for the winter . Will update in spring .
 I put the cover on during the first part of January and we had a 10 '' blowing snow over the weekend . My furniture is safe from the elements . Also , it did not blow off because it is very secure .
 I am extremly satisfied with this sofa/glider cover . It is made of heavy duty waterproof material and is large and roomy enough to cover the glider . I highly recommend this product . I expect to use it for many years .
 I purchased these covers for a 2 seat and 3 seat wicker sofa and they seem to work great , so far . I like the velcro tabs that attach to the sofa legs , great for windy days . They are water proof and sun deflective , which is what I need living at the coast . Also , they are very generous in size .
 This is the 2nd cover I have purchased from this company . I bought one for my wicker furniture and thenbought thr 2nd one for my son 's family . I really do love these covers . They are heavy , do not blow away and really protect the wicker furniture.I would recommend highly .
 Cover fit nicely on my outdoor loveseat . Much thicker and more substantial that different product I had purchased and returned . Very satisifed .
 Great sturdy cover for outdoor furniture . Was very impressed , especially for the price I paid . They are nicely sized to fit over loveseat easily .
 Works well , does the job . Fits the chair well and protects from the sun & rain . Saves the upholstery from fading.Material is a very good quality and professionally sewn together ... good workmanship .
 This cover fit perfectly over our outdoor love seat . I can even pile the chair cushions onto the love seat and it is deep enough to cover it all ! Easy velcro secure around the legs and quality seems good . LOVE this product .
 So far I am very pleased with these covers . They do the job and do it well . The thing I do not know is how they will stand up against the heat of our Arizona summers . My furniture is located under a lattice so the sun is somewhat blocked . Only time will tell .
 Large enough so it 's easy to put over the loveseat outside . Velcro straps will hold it on in 50 + MPH winds -LRB- I know from experience -RRB- . I bought two more for my large chairs . These are heavy duty covers and if they make it through their first freezing winter without cracking , I 'll be thoroughly satisfied .
 bought it used . Came in brand new condition . Sturdy material and great fit for my two seater glider . Very pleased .
 These covers are awesome . I can not believe what wonderful protection they provide and how well made they are . There is no reason to doubt this purchase .
 excellent choice , glad i decided to pay a little more ... high quality and surely will last as long as the furniture i am covering . very pleased thankyou
 As a gardener , I have always wanted a gazing ball , but they can be pretty expensive . Amazon ran this one on sale , in blue , for $ 16.49 . It really is 10 inches in diameter , as advertised , and made in the Czech Republic , not China . The glass is beautiful and is a shade between pale and middle powder blue . At this price , it would make a terrific gift for any gardeners you know ; it 's not too soon to be thinking about Christmas . It came bubble wrapped and double boxed . This item qualified for super saver shipping -LRB- for purchases totalling over $ 25 -RRB- .
 I bought the blue gazing ball and it is beautiful . Has nice weight to it that when handling it your not afraid that it will crack . I am in the processing of purchasing a red one for my sister .
 Bird Brain Model 6430 Optic 10-Inch Crystal Gazing Ball , BlueVery please with purchase . It was prettier than I expected . Very pleased with transaction .
 The cover fits nicely ! After trying out several from Homedepot and Lowes and not fitting properly , we decided to order one . The product seems to be made of good quality materials , I would order this again .
 I measured carefully before purchasing as I have a large wicker Lazy-Boy recliner . The cover fits with room to remove it easily . It is light weight but seems durable . -LRB- I have only had it for about a month -RRB- . My chair sits in full afternoon sun and the cover is protecting it well .
 Excellent quality and a very good price . Nice to deal with and fast delivery .
 This product exceeded my expectation . Not only did it fit properly , but it stayed in place during a strong wind/rain storm . I would recommend this product to others .
 I have two chairs in my patio and this cover fits both chairs together ! Good material and protects my furniture well !
 THE COVERS FIT PERFECTLY ON THE WICKER CHAIRS AND PROTECTED THEM IN THE RECENT RAIN . I AM VERY PLEASED , THANKS
 Very nice and heavy duty . Have not gone through the winter yet though so I have to see how that turns out .
 Well made , heaver than expected , and fits my oversize wicker furniture well . The velcro ties were much appreciated . Very pleased .
 The protective cover for my wicker chair is doing it 's job well . It 's heavy enough that it stays put ... snow just slides off it .
 FIT MY WICKER CHAIR VERY WELL ... I COULD HAVE GOTTEN A REGULAR SIZE , BUT THE EXTRA ROOM ACTUALLY TURNED OUT TO BE GOOD AS I COULD PUT A SMALL TABLE IN THE ADDITIONAL SPACE OF THE SEAT ...
 I researched a number of outdoor furniture covers and this came in least expensive with excellent reviews , so I figured it was worth a try . We 've had the covers a couple months now and they 've held up to sun , rain , and wind , even without attaching the velcro closures at the bottom which wrap around the feet if desired . Be sure to measure your furniture to ensure your cover is the right size . We went with oversized covers and they fit well . It 's SO nice not to have to bring chair cushions in before a storm , or deal with soggy cushions if we forget ! And the light gray color is attractive too .
 These chair covers are outstanding . They are heavy duty and they are large enough to cover the furniture completely . With our high heat and humidity they have protected our wicker furniture and the cover should last for years .
 I was looking for an oversized outdoor furniture chair cover for my deluxe adirondack chair , and found this to have the perfect dimensions and fits my chair very well . Some of the reviews I 've read mentioned that they did n't like that the color of the cover was gray , but mine is tan and looks great . The cover is soft and flexible , has velcro straps to secure the cover to the chair , and I love the soft interior lining that protects my painted chair when not in use and from the elements , which most covers do n't offer . This is an excellent , high quality product , well priced , and well worth the investment ! I live in Texas and so far , it has held up to the summer heat just fine .
 These covers are very high quality and very large - could n't find large enough ones locally , so happy to find these . Although the advertisement states `` drawstring tabs '' what you get are not actual drawstrings but rather velcro tabs which would work fine if your lawn chairs have legs - ours are on a circular base -LRB- they 're sliders -RRB- so disappointed that this is n't an actual drawstring that you could pull and tighten to make sure the wind does n't whip them up and blow them away . All in all , very pleased with them and , as usual , EXCELLENT delivery from Amazon !!
 I just purchased these , so they have n't gone through the winter on the porch . I do n't feel I can review them until after the snowleaves here in the Northeast .
 Generous proportions , high quality seam and thick material . Frost , snow , rain , sun and bird proof ! I use it to cover up very nice , expensive wicker chairs because my house is too small to bring them inside . These covers have lasted over 8 months now , through winter storms and summer sun and are still in excellent condition . As are my chairs , thanks to this cover !
 When they say large , they mean LARGE . It was exactly what I was looking for . It will protect the chair and the cushions . Thus saving me from having to purchase a large enough storage bin to put the cushions in .
 These covers fit my wicker chairs perfectly . Though we live in a desert climate , we received a lot of rain this Spring and the covers kept the chairs clean and dry . The price was right , too .
 Opened box and immediately liked the feel of the covers for patio chairs . Fits roomy over bulky square chair cushions . We get big wind drafts and our old covers would be strewn all over yard . These have extra length velcro ties at front and back of covers at legs to hold down firmly . We have looked all over at store locations like Home Depot , Lowe 's , patio stores , and have never found anything like this before . I just place another order for the remainder of my patio furniture , and will now have it all match in color . I would recommend this product for anyone who has a backyard facing west with little shade.Seller -LRB- Protective Covers -RRB- should consider adding the gray small grill cover -LRB- 24 x19 x 36 -RRB- through Amazon .
 The chair covers are really nice . Heavy duty and fits perfectly with some room to spare . Bought a set for myself and a set for my son . Would highly recommend and would purchase again . BTW , shipping was fast .
 The quality is very good , better than the more expensive one 's I 've seen here locally . Waterproof and also protects against excessive sunlight .
 Very satisfied . Purchased the covers for two patio chairs and one love seat . Covers are doing a great job protecting my chair cushions from uv rays and rain . I keep them covered when I 'm not using them in hopes the cushions last more than one season . I also like the velcro straps at the bottom of the covers to tie down the cover to the chair legs . The straps keep the covers from blowing off in the heavy winds we get .
 I bought two of these covers as well as the cover for the love seat . I am totally satisfied with my purchase . The measurements fit my chairs to the exact requirements and do not come off in high winds because of the tape on to the legs to hold them in place . The workmanship is great , but my main concern is that the plastic material would not crack over time due to exposure to the elements . Time will tell , but once I get at least 5 years benefit form the use of the covers I will be completely satisfied . A good product overall .
 I stacked two wicker chairs together , they must be a medium size and this cover fit both of them stacked . Great material and workmanship for the price .
 I have been looking for covers for some antique hand made -LRB- by my grandfather -RRB- porch chairs for forever . These work just fine
 These covers are awesome . I can not believe what wonderful protection they provide and how well made they are . There is no reason to doubt this purchase . I also bought one to cover my loveseat . WONDERFUL ...
 These gray vinyl covers are n't exactly what I thought they were . I did n't read the description well , so I did n't realize they were vinyl and not a water resistant cloth . I wish they were tan , but that again is my fault and why I did n't dock the stars for it.They are a light gray color and DO offer decent protection from rain and sun . These should keep your chairs and other furniture looking good for years . They were heavy enough that I just tossed them over the chairs and did n't batten them down .
 These covers are nicer than expected for the price . They are sturdy and nice in size.I will order some for my mother now .
 We love our new weatherproof covers for our over-sized glider/swivel wicker patio chairs . They are heavy duty and easily slipped over the large Martha Stewart chairs . Since we only recently purchased them , time will tell how they will last in the sun , snow , etc. , but our first impressions ? We very impressed with the fit and the quality .
 I bought these covers for my Adirondack style chairs that I made from wine barrels . These chairs are quite large , with high backs . The covers completely cover these chairs and I can keep the cushions on without having to store them in my garage . Great ! I have since , ordered four more of them for my daughter and son-in-law who have the same set of chairs . I was disappointed on this new order because in less than a months time , the price went up $ 6 dollars a cover !
 Fit was excellent . Quality construction ... . I would highly recommend this product . The fabric is both durable and soft . Good Luck
 Purchased two of these covers for our new outdoor lazy boy recliners . They fit and have kept our chairs clean and dry . Would recommend these to others .
 After a year outside they are still holding up well . Recommend over more expensive fabric type covers .
 I put the cover on during the first part of January and we had a 10 '' blowing snow over the weekend . My furniture is safe from the elements . It did not blow off because it is very secure .
 As a gardener , I have always wanted a gazing ball , but they can be pretty expensive . Amazon ran this one on sale , in blue , for $ 16.49 . It really is 10 inches in diameter , as advertised , and made in the Czech Republic , not China . The glass is beautiful and is a shade between pale and middle powder blue . At this price , it would make a terrific gift for any gardeners you know ; it 's not too soon to be thinking about Christmas . It came bubble wrapped and double boxed . This item qualified for super saver shipping -LRB- for purchases totalling over $ 25 -RRB- .
 I bought the blue gazing ball and it is beautiful . Has nice weight to it that when handling it your not afraid that it will crack . I am in the processing of purchasing a red one for my sister .
 Bird Brain Model 6430 Optic 10-Inch Crystal Gazing Ball , BlueVery please with purchase . It was prettier than I expected . Very pleased with transaction .
 This is a nice , full-size rendering of an old favorite . It 's printed , not sewn , but the print is crisp on a synthetic fabric . I had it flying for two weeks after Earth Day , and it moved nicely in the wind , did n't show any fading or tattering , and even survived a windstorm that bent down the flag bracket . It 'll be ready for any upcoming Green activities . Price was sure right !
 For a dollar plus shipping I was n't expecting much , but was greatly surprised and pleased . Looks reasonably strong and durable . Well worth the money and received it in 4 days .
 I liked the product so far . The cover is staying on the chair for now . I need to see how it holds up over the winter .
 I bought this for a very old glider that we refinished . This cover is very thick and I like the way it fastens to the legs so it wo n't blow off . I 'm sure this cover will last for years .
 great cover ! I have bought many covers over the years and this is the best yet . It fit perfectly and is made out of the stongest vinyl i have ever purchased . had it a year and it still looks and works as well as the first day i put it on .
 Lets start a new movement based on the concept of `` Maximum Social Happiness . '' Instead of gaining material wealth , we 'll try and gain `` spiritual wealth . '' Our standard of currency will be the smile and our stock exchange will be the friendly gesture . There will be no organization , no rules , and membership will be free . Anyone can join if they learn the Official Motto , `` Smile , try to be Happy , and do n't bother your neighbors . `` The Society 's Anthem will be , `` Always Look on the Bright Side of Life '' by Monty Python and the official flower will be the Daisy.The official bird will be the Coo Coo and there will be no central organization . In fact we wo n't even take a census , or keep records , because we wo n't even know who we all are.So , if you are tired of the same old political movements that promise to make everything better , join the original non-political movement that promises to make nothing better except perhaps your own outlook on life.So fly the flag of Smiley , enjoy life , take it easy , be tolerant of your neighbors , clean up after yourself , say `` Please and Thank you , '' and above all `` Have a Happy Life ! '' `` Life is short , Got to have fun . '' - Wm S
 Just another fun flag to fly when you get tired of your national flag . Goes nicely with a pirate flag , the Gonzales flag , the Gadsden/Culpepper flags , or anything else mildly menacing to your normal neighbors .
 My husband races a mountain bike and along a 100 mile race , I am at different points in the race to support him with replenishing his food and water . He HAS to see me , because if he passes me without getting his food - he 's toast . So , we bought this flag to hang or fly at each checkpoint so he can find me easily . We used it in the Leadville 100 , where there were literally hundreds of people along one stretch of the race waiting for their racer . My husband said he could see this flag from almost 3 miles away . It works for us.BTW - well made - has held up for almost 3 years of races .
 This is awesome.The Happy Face Flag was exactly what I was looking for , and I was very happy with the product . Exactly what I was thinking of when I ordered it . It arrived in a timely manner and had absolute no damage.Thanks !
 These flags are really beautiful and nice . They are a beautiful vibrabt color and I am glad I bought them !
 I was paying about $ 40 for each flag and had decided it was a luxury that I could live without before finding them here for $ 9 ! What a bargain for the same flag !
 When I saw the price on this flag and the size of this flag , I knew I had to have it . It is great and I ca n't wait to fly it high .
 This was my second purchase of this flag . The first one is still flying at my facility . It has lasted longer than any other flag of any type I have owned . A really great value .
 This is a nice flag , made of durable material . The stitching could be a little better , but we love the flag . There is a thicker fabric around the grommet which ensures a stronger anchor for the flag without it ripping or running around the grommet from wind or repeated use . The company did not send the flag until after the expected date due to unknown shipping processes , so the product arrived a week later than expected . The picture is definitely cute , and the flag is worth the money .
 Good looking , light weight , low cost . Nice novelty to fly once in awhile . It 's just what I was looking for .
 This flag can be easily added to any house to create a sense of `` happiness ! '' I have mine in my reading room , I use it as a reminder to smile ! Overall the quality of the flag is good , definitely not somethings you can attach to a flagpole ; but adequate enough to make it a good wall flag . The cloth is relatively thin , but the smiley face is printed on both sides.Overall , great flag for the price : -RRB-
 This flag is hanging up in my living room so when you open up the front door the flag is smiling at you . Flag is very thin so it has a lot of fold creases from the packaging . Still looks awesome though .
 I 'm not sure how this seller even gets away with selling these flags at such a wonderful price but thank goodness he/she does . I just love it and it works perfectly for a `` privacy curtain '' in my custom camping van and it fits in with the overall retro look of the vehicle . Thanks so much for selling these at a price that is totally affordable .
 I purchased this cover to replace the cheap one I got at the home improvement store . This cover is totally worth the extra money . The zipper is very heavy duty , it is a good size that actually fits over normal umbrellas -LRB- I would suggest buying the bigger size if you have any doubts -RRB- , and the built in wand means my wife can get it off and put it on without my help .
 My last umbrella cover lasted 12 years in the Oakland weather - this one looks like it will have similar lifetime . Definitely be careful with measurements ! Smaller size is perfect for my 8 ' umbrella , but would be too small for larger umbrella.On disassembling the rod
 love how big it is !! I like the way it tilts to go when the sun is setting . The color is neutral that it goes with any color scheme
 the built-in stick to raise it up is bogus , but the cover is good quality -- has enough slack so as not to be tight -LRB- no pull at the seams . Good for the price .
 I was very satisfied with this umbrella cover . It was just what I wanted and fit my umbrella well . There has been heavy rain and windy weather and the cover withstood all of it.I 'm glad I made this purchase .
 This umbrella cover is very should last for years . Easy to put on and take off with the wand that is included . I am short and it is very easy . It seems well made . We put a string on the zipper so it would be easier to reach when it is all the way to the top of the umbrella . We also bought a new umbrella from Amazon and wanted to protect our new purchase , which it does .
 This is a Great buy . Better then the one I had from the start . I know it will last longer and it is made well .
 Very easy to take on and off thanks to the pole . I would have added a better solution at the bottom to keep pests out the elastic sucks . i put a tie wrap on it to make it work . Wish the color was offered in brown to match my patio set ... Maybe in the future . So far it has held up great -LRB- 90 days -RRB-
 This is a really nice umbrella cover , I love that it has a pole incorporated into it to make it easier to put the cover on and take it off . I think the price is rather high , compared to another cover I bought at Lowes - but we 'll see how the two hold up . This cover does seem of higher quality than the one from Lowes - but not sure if it was worth 3 times the price .
 I was worried that this would not fit my beautiful 11 ' market umbrella but it fits perfectly ! I LOVE that it has the pole on the inside so you are not forced to stand on a table to lift it over the umbrella . I tied a string on to the zipper so I do n't need to get on top of anything to zip it down I AM THRILLED WITH THIS PURCHASE ! Not only is it an excellent product , but the prize was awesome as well !
 The ocean is rough on everything , so we have to replace our patio umbrella covers every year or two . This cover is about half of the price of our other covers and is the best yet . It goes on easily because of the 2 plastic tubes which connect to lift the cover . I am 5 ' 2 '' and it was the easiest ever to put on and take off . The little sewn in storage for the tubes is great and keeps the tubes safely put away . I have n't had them long enough to go through a rough nor'easter , but I like the tight fitting bottom without the strings . It is better than the string closings which always break and cause the cover to fly open . I am thinking about buying 2 more to keep just in case , although I think these may really last .
 These covers are good . However , they do not truly fit an 11 foot square umbrella . There is about 2 inches of fabric still showing . BUT , for the price I 'll keep them . I could n't find anything this inexpensive around here . I like the zipper but I wish the pole had a place to attach a string to bring the zipper down -LRB- I hate standing on the table to do this -RRB- .
 The product arrived promptly and was exactly what we needed . We are very pleased with our purchase . It was a perfect fit for our umbrella , which I was concerned about before it arrived . Again , we are very pleased with our purchase .
 Great umbrella cover . The 6-8 ' size fits my 8 ' umbrella perfectly . Super easy to use and looks nice .
 Good product . Appears that it will hold up over time in weather . Sewn-in wand makes putting cover on a lot easier .
 have not had this very long is why I gave it 4 * , but so far has held up with a 40 mile wind . Wish it had something on the zipper to make it easier to close the zipper when it is at the top open . Being short I ca n't reach the zipper when at the top .
 This umbrella cover replaced one that I had for over 10 years . The old one had a rod in it that enbaled you to lift the cover up over the top of the umbrella - a great feature for a short person . I searched and searched and this was the only one I could find that had the same feature , but slightly different . The cover itself is sturdy material and I can see it lasting at least 10 years . However , the rod is meant to be disassembled each time you put it on the umbrella , but you can just leave it assembled and tuck it in next to the umbrella before you zip it shut . Also , tie a string of some sort to the zipper - makes it easier to pull it down unless you 're really tall .
 Well made , good material , covers umbrella completely . However , you must assemble the `` rod '' each time to lift it on and off the umbrella . It should have been made as one thin long rod sewn into the cover .
 It is very durable and the color has not faded at all fo far . Love it .
 Purchased 2 umbrella covers for our 2 market umbrellas . Previously purchased covers at patio furniture store for a hefty price , yet found myself hand sewing the top together every summer . For this price , am willing to replace them every few years , if need to . Good value for the price . The sewn-in wand is a great feature .
 I absolutely love this easy to use umbrella cover . The inside attached wand makes it effortless to cover and uncover the umbrella . The material is very durable , it is nice looking , but the best part is that it is so easy to use and takes just seconds to cover and uncover the umbrella .
 Good quality umbrella cover . Easy to take on and off , although my husband has to stand in a chair to get it on . Have only had a few weeks , but have had several wind/rain storms and cover has remained in place . Just the protection I was looking for .
 Great product ! Fits my 8.5 '' umbrella well and is quality made . My previous umbrella had a pole to help extend over the top of the umbrella as does this one . Great feature , great product and great price ...
 My cover has been on my umbrella for almost for close to 3 months now -- in the direct sun with now shade , through rainstorms , etc. . So far it 's holding it 's own and has n't faded , gotten brittle or threadbare -- which is more than I can say for the covers on my chairs , smoker and kettle grill . I use it to over a large umbrella I purchased from Costco and this does a great job protect the umbrella cloth.7-14-12 -- one year later and this cover is still in great condition .
 I purchased this umbrella cover for my market-style umbrella -LRB- dimensions
 The flag looks great but you do n't really need to have one so if you do get one find it as inexpensive as you can . If you have a strong troop that wants to learn about the color guard and what they do or to have it at ceremonies it 's nice .
 We used this and added our troop numbers to it . It 's very durable and has stood up to several parades .
 HUGE ! Perfect for letting the whole neighborhood know ! Durable and actually can handle some pretty good storms . Nice light wieght material . Easy to hang .
 Perfect for the baby shower and then to give as a gift to the mother-to-be ! Loved it . Will order again !
 I have had two previous feeders like this which had been destroyed by the squirrels . For the past two years I had attempted to find this feeder again but withhout any success until I saw it again on amazon . It came just as pictured . I reinforced the feeder ports with some duct tape around the edges and they have held up fine , even though a squirrel or two have made it to the feeder . I now have two baffels on the pole I have the feeder mounted on and have had no problems . This is the best feeder I have found to meet my needs . I only gave it four stars because of having to reinforce the feeder ports with duct tape . The cost is a little high with delivery charges but I feel it was well worth it to get this feeder again .
 This is a great and extremely hard to find shovel . I ordered three of them from four different outlets through Amazon and had each order canceled even though the item showed it was in stock . Finally Crazy Dave 's came through . It 's perfect and I hope it lasts for years ...
 Snow shovels have been very difficult to come by this winter in VA , with 3 major storms dropping more than 1 foot each so far . I was lucky to get this shipped to me right before the 2nd storm last week . I was able to dig out of 15 inches pretty quickly . My driveway is well over 100 feet long and has a steep grade . This shovel was good for pushing and scooping significant amounts of snow , given that it 's 24 inches wide and has a deep curve . Just know that in wet snow storms , which tends to happen out in VA , the snow will be heavier than it looks . This took some getting used to because I 'm used to smaller shovels without the depth . The metal edge was nice for scraping the layer of slush and ice that built up underneath the snow . Every now and then , like any shovel , I have to stop and knock off the buildup . But this is not terribly frequent and it comes right off , without damaging the shovel head . It 's a solid plastic/composite build and it serves its purpose . Good purchase !
 This is a well built Made in the USA snow pusher and scrapper ! Not a shovel for sure but works great for its intended purpose .
 I 've had this shovel for about 3 or 4 years . I used the narrower shovels before and would take forever to do my driveway and sidewalks . This shovel , with its wide width , steel strip , light weight , and good ergonomic design , had become my first choice over other shovels I 've owned . Later on , I learned to use this to push the snow to the side and use the narrow shovel with the bent handle to pick up the snow to toss it over to the side of the driveway . The steel wear strip is the best thing on the shovel . It cleans the driveway all the way to the concrete or the asphalt . I do my driveway and my elderly neighbor 's driveway and our driveways look cleaner than my other neighbors ' who all use snowblowers . The wear strip allowed me to also clean the compacted snow about 50 % of the time . I later learned to use a steel scraper to loosen the packed snow and push it to the side with this shovel.Two things that happened with this shovel . After 3 or 4 years of use , the wear strip started to get dull and the shovel would shake and provide lots of friction when I drove it forward , especially on the concrete sidewalk . Obviously , I need to sharpen the strip or replace it . But I 've gone to 5 different major hardware stores and ca n't find this or a replacement strip . I think that I ought to be able to buy the narrow galvanized steel strips and just sharpen the edges with a grinder.Then , tragedy occurred . Snow came during the single digits cold wave and , after shoveling for about 2-3 hours in single digits or negative temperatures and finally clearing my driveway , the snowplow came by with a hefty donation of heavy snow at the end of my driveway . It was too cold over the next couple of days so I waited . Three days later , I scraped the compacted snow and used this shovel to push AND pick up the snow blocks and bent the handle . I can tell , it 's going to die next time I use it for some serious shoveling , but I need another one , when that happens . Thanks to Amazon for making it available.This is the best shovel I 've had thus far .
 I bought two of these for the job and after trying them out on numerous snowy sidewalks , I had to buy another for home . This is by far the best snow shovel I have ever used and would highly recommend it to a friend . It is very well made yet light weight so it does not become a burden when shoveling . I do n't ever expect to buy another snow shovel but if I did , I would definitely buy another Suncast SPF2450 . This product is made in the USA and is not some imported piece of junk .
 This item is well made and comfortable to use . The wear strip is key for moving snow on concrete surfaces . It has stood up to a lot of use this winter with no problem .
 I 've owned three of these engines and have n't had a problem with any of them . I use one to power a marine alternator on my sailboat , and I 've used two others to power go karts . I 've run the engines on diesel , biodiesel , and waste vegetable oil with no problems . It 's a shame the EPA just banned these engines , as they are no more polluting than a gas engine . Typical over-regulation by an intrusive government .
 Great swivel head snow brush for New England winter , the scraper works but not likely on tough ice . I bought a separate tougher scraper . The length is great , very long and gets the top of my ram truck easily . Would recommend it to anyone . Randi
 I live in southern Colorado where 4-5 feet of snow in my yard most of the winter is not unusual.This is the best brush-scraper by far . I can reach my 3/4 ton truck from one side . The swivelhead makes storage easy .
 In North Jersey , we have gotten 56 '' of accumulative snow and this brush has gone through the worst of it . The head could be stronger , but it has held while pushing 10 + inches of snow off my minivan . Hopkins is definitely a good brand to go with , and the cost-to-effective ratio on this tool is through the roof . God bless !
 I just got an SUV and this thing works wonders . The head that has the brush swivels and locks in place for easy access . One side is a brush and the other side is almost like a squeegee but made with harder material . The squeegee side made scraping ice off the windshield a breeze . Did n't even bother with the smaller scraper . If you own an SUV get this brush !
 I found this to be the best snow remover I have ever had . I ordered the item and model pictured because I was replacing one that I had which was broken . I was sent a different model which I am not happy about .
 I received my `` green '' gazing ball yesterday . It is absolutely beautiful . I ca n't wait until the weekend to place it in my newly landscaped back garden .
 Gazing ball is gorgeous ! Bought it as a gift . Arrived sooner thanexpected . Packaging was slightly crushed , so I was a little worriedwhen it arrived , but there was an inner box that was not harmed . Sellerneeded some peanuts or something in the outer box to protect it a littlebetter . Otherwise , very pleased with purchase ! Will buy from this selleragain !
 We try to shop locally , but could n't find anything that compared w / the gorgeous colors in this gazing ball .
 Amazing colors and catches the light with both gentle and profoud reflections . I even bought two to balance an entry way outside my home . Fabulous product .
 A GOOD LOOKING FLAG FOR A GREAT PRICE . IT DOES THE JOB BY ATTRACTING MORE CUSTOMERS TO MY BUSINESS I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS FLAG FOR A SMALL BUSINESS .
 Just bought my 6 hp Yard Machine tiller at Wal-Mart for $ 578 without tax . Added oil and gas and it started on the second pull . I have run it for about an hour and it works great . It requires some pretty good effort to roll it when it is in neutral but otherwise no complaints .
 I love this product . It helps to water our plants in the wide areas with this long tube !! It 's cheaper to buy here than any other places , too .
 If you know rain bird you know you ca n't buy better quality . It is the best .
 I have a smaller grill and looked at local stores for a nice cover , but could only find cheap ones . I ordered this instead and am very happy . It looks good and is made of thick , durable material . I only have one very minor issue . The under grill strap works , but could be a little longer as it barely makes it under my grill . Definitely the best cover I could find for the price .
 great product , nice bright red , beautiful , so happy i ordered this flag it brightened my spirit thru winter . love it
 The flag has good quality for the three dollar price . It looks like it may last two to three months on the pole . I would recommend it to a friend .
 Flag was of good quality and just what I was looking for ... It certainly met my expectation and service was great . Would buy from this vendor again .
 I was very happy with the prompt shipping , and it was exactly what I hoped for . It 's a good size and the colors in the picture are very brilliant .
 This was the same belt the mower mfg used . I wanted an original equiptment belt because the original belts lasted 10 years .
 I ordered this checkered `` finish line '' flag and received it within a few days . It is well made out of nylon material . It has two heavy-duty grommets that will help with hanging . I am impressed , especially since it only cost about $ 5.00 .
 Hangs on our fourwheeler garage and looks great ! It Has faded a little bit from a year in the sun .
 My son races on dirt track ... he said he loves to say he may never be # 1 , but he loves the sport . . Willfly flag on his garage ...
 I would highly recommend this checkered flag . I bought it to use as a decoration for my son 's birthday party . It is made well and can be used anywhere .
 we do a bristol weekend at our local campground and decorate the camper and yard around it this flag will add to the festivities great product fast shipment
 I originally bought these to hang on the wall but I ended up making curtains out of them for my son 's race car themed room . They look really cute . Good quality !
 Timely shipped and great ! We used these in our Best awarded Booth at the Meet The Breeds cat -LRB- and dog -RRB- event in NYC in Oct.We used a checkered black and white theme like racing as the Cornish Rex cat is the fastest domestic cat . It turned out great and we won the Best Booth award .
 Thank you for your VERY prompt response to this purchase!Came WAY faster than I thought ! GREAT JOB ! Quality purchase !
 This is great for a one sided flag . It is too thin for a two sided flag unless the appliques are the exact shape and size on both sides .
 Great price on a good quality flag -LRB- although one side has richer color than the other , almost like it 's printed on only one side -RRB- . I 've mounted it through the grommets onto a PVC pipe and waved it like crazy at Qwest Field to cheer on the Seattle Sounders .
 I am rather surprised to discover that all of the Confederate Battle Flags available here are rectangular in shape , as is the case with this 3 foot x 5 foot nylon version . The flag originally proposed by Confederate generals P.G.T. Beauregard and Joseph Johnston had a square design . Most of the surviving battle flags at the Georgia capitol are square in design , although it is true that when Johnston assumed command of the Confederate Army of Tennessee in the spring of 1964 he ordered uniform rectangle battle flags averaging 36 x 52 inches in size be issued to the infantry regiments in his command . This would make the dimensions comparable to the Confederate Naval Jack adopted in May of 1863 . However , when flag companies began producing souvenir versions of the Confederate Battle Flag towards the end of the 19th-century , the stuck with the rectangular design , presumably to give it the same dimensions as the U.S. flag . By the turn of the century this became the only format commercially available , and while you can find square Confederate Battle Flags for purchase , you do have to look elsewhere for them.This flag was originally designed as an alternative to the Stars & Bars , the first flag of the Confederacy , because at the First Battle of Manassas -LRB- known as Bull Run by the Union side , but I go with the idea that the winning side gets to name the battle -RRB- it was difficult to distinguish the Stars & Bars from the Stars & Stripes on the battlefield . Keep in mind that at the first major military engagement of the Civil War there were soldiers wearing blue and gray on both sides . The 33rd Virginia in Stonewall Jackson 's brigade also wore blue uniforms , while Howard 's brigade wore gay on the Union side , so that did not help settle the question of who was on which side either . Hence , the new flag design.Also known as `` The Southern Cross , '' the Confederate Battle Flag consisted of a blue saltier which resembles the St. Andrew 's Cross -LRB- a.k.a. the Greek Cross -RRB- , on which there are arranged 13 stars , with the saltier edged in white , all on a red field . Commercially made Battle Flags generally have the central tip of each star pointing up , but surviving flags sometimes show the central tips arranged so that they run parallel to the saltier -LRB- e.g. , the battle flag of the 45th Regiment of the Georgia Volunteers -RRB- . Although it was never officially adopted by the Confederate Congress , when the Second National Flag was formally recognized in May of 1863 it consisted of a white field with the battle flag as the union . The debate over what constituted a Confederate Battle Flag was settled in 1904 by a special Committee on Flags of the United Confederate Veterans , which reported that an infantry battle flag was 4 feet by 4 feet -LRB- but they rendered no verdict on which way the stars should point -RRB- . Today the Confederate Battle Flag has become a controversial symbol , because while it is seen by some Southerners as a symbol of Southern pride it has also been used by racists to represent white domination of Africa-Americans . When flown by Southern states from public buildings or incorporated into the designs of their state flags , as was the case with the Georgia state flag until recently and is still true of the Mississippi state flag , it has been controversial as well . The flag was flown prominently at the football games of the University of Mississippi , whose team name is the Rebels , until the university banned it from the stadium . However , when flown by Civil War re-enactors or anybody else reflecting the historical context of the Civil War , it is clearly on safer ground . This is a nylon version of the flag , which makes it appropriate for outside display , and it has a pair of grommets for running it up a flagpole .
 I purchased this flag about one month ago . While the flag is really nice , when I hung it on my wall for display , I suddenly realized that I was probably the only person here in the north who owns one of these beauties.I am in absolutely , positively , no way a racist , hell , a good chunk of my friends are black , and to me , I see no racism in this flag and anybody who does needs to look into what makes up this flag . The blue bars that look like an `` x '' is called the St.Andrew 's Cross , and being a proud Scotsman , is a beautiful representation of Christianity on both the Scottish flag and on this flag , albeit different colors . The thirteen stars represented the thirteen seceded states , which are in a commonly known area called the `` bible belt '' which have a very large Christian population.Anyways , the flag itself if very big . I guess I did n't really feel as to how large it would be until I ordered one -LRB- it shadows over my paralleling US flag -RRB- This flag looks great on display however if you have a large wall and it would also look very nice billowing in the wind . When it arrives , however , expect it to be a little wrinkled due to the folding however a short fly outside should erase the wrinkles in a cinch.For about $ 5 , how can you go wrong ? I would recommend this version of the flag if you want to fly it or have a large wall to display it on.S.O .
 I just wanted to buy something for my theme party that would at least last throughout the party but the quality of the flag surpassed that for the price .
 THe south will rise again ! nice looking flag and good for the price . just got to iron the crease out of it
 very thin material , almost transluscent , but the colors are bright -LRB- for now -RRB- . not for outdoors and would probably fade in a few weeks if hung in a window , but for indoors and special events it 's great
 I LOVE ITIT 's sooo greatI hung it up in my room as soon as i opened itPerfect condition
 Flag looks great , nice material good quality , just dont fly it behind your jacked up chevy at 70 mph it will come apart . Fast shipping and love the product will be buying more here soon
 This is a good flag to display , as on a wall or other protected place . If one wishes to fly it outside , it may soon fray at the unattached border if there is more than a bit of wind .
 good flag for the money ... i 'd like to buy a better quality flag for about 10 times the price . . has been flying ouside for a couple weeks , holding up ok for now ... this flag would be great to hang indoors
 I ordered this flag on a Sunday night and received it 4 days later on standard shipping . I was very pleased with how fast it got to me considering the estimated arrival time was 1-2 weeks.This is an awesome flag too .
 I bought this flag to hang on my wall . It has served this purpose to a T. Its made of a thin , translucent polyester that I 'm not sure is suitable for outdoor use , but works just fine in my home .
 Very happy with the product , service and postage all the way to Australia . It arrived well before the due by date . 10 of 10 .
 This flag is made of pretty thin material , and probably would n't last outdoors for very long . It 's great for indoor use though , or for occasional use outdoors I suppose . For only five bucks it 's pretty good though.I had to take a star off because the flag I received was somewhat different from what was pictured . The flag I received has much wider bars and much larger stars than what the picture shows . While I actually do think it 's better from a purely design standpoint -LRB- the CSA should have used it all along -RRB- , it is n't as historically accurate , and really , it 's the history behind the flag that made it interesting in the first place .
 Good colors , nice quality , Flag has been out in the rain many times , No fad or lose of color due to getting wet .
 I ordered this flag and a soviet flag as well , however the shipping was over priced.The flag i got has a small rip in it and the brass rings fell out . Overall the flag is big and still hangs
 thank you i just got my flag , its proudly hanging upon my wall thank you for sending it in , bought it saturday - came in next saturday
 I love the flag . It is a bit larger than for the intended purpose however it flies nicely at my house . The service was fabulous . Thank you
 Flag was received quickly . Nice quality for what we wanted . Good flag for your money . Would purchase from this dealer again .
 If you are a Southern patriot , Southern history buff , or Southern heritage defender then you will need on of these guys . You can find the same thing at a local flea market in the South for about $ 2.50 so use your best judgement when ordering .
 It 's pretty big . . And it came earlier than it said it would . I love it so much , I have it hanging up in my room at the moment . Good price too : -RRB-
 This was offered with the blanket and my son likes it too . He was so surprised it was so big .
 This flag came today on Christmas Eve , It was not supposed to arrive until January 5th . Beautiful , large , but light flag . For indoor hanging .
 This is a great looking flag . It 's bright and vibrant but only meant for wall hanging . The material is not strong enough to have it flying outside .
 its a little thinner than i would like but it still seems stron and still flys well on the flag poles for my truck
 As per described . . No Issues Flag was as described and was shipped on time . One item purchase only at this point ...
 Nice flag , very nice quality , by this price it is a real bargain ! I saw another one that was 6x times the price and similar quality
 It 's hard to beat for the price . The material is kind of cheap , but for hanging it in your room it works just fine . And it 's quite big .
 the flag arrived pretty quickly and i hung it up on the wall . it makes a good banner but would not be ideal for outdoor use . pretty good for what you pay for ... but it is made in china ... but it is about 5 bucks total .
 Excellent . A see-sesh surrender flag for only 4 -LRB- Union -RRB- American dollars . That way , I do n't have to spend so much money when I give this to the local Black Panther chapter for some great bonfire fun ! BURN , BABY , BURN !
 At this price what could I possibly complain about ? It 's not extremely high quality but it is very good and I ca n't expect any more at this price to be honest.Anyone calling this flag racist is a moron . Thank you Amazon for recommending `` racist '' as a tag . >:--LRB- NOT!I 'm far from proud my family owned slaves but I am very proud of the South . The first submarine , the first airplane , along with many others . I ca n't stop racists from using this flag as their symbol any more than I could if it was our US flag they were carrying . Would you call the American flag a racist symbol if they used that instead ? I think not .
 How do you review a rebel flag other than the product was excellent and is now proudly hanging on the walls of the people we bought them for . Great quality flags too !!
 I love this flag.Its all about southern pride and I 'm proud to be a southern man.Great product at a great price .
 Yes the intellectual wing of the statist reactionaries seem to have hit upon a fact . The North did win the War of Northern Aggression . I am sure all are ecstatic that they have noticed this historical event . Since most are undoubtedly graduates of the intellectually crippling public school system , that is no small feat by any measure . By virtue of its victory the North triumphantly defined its cause as righteous , but its subjugation of the South determined nothing with regard to the legitimacy of the South 's desire and right to voluntarily secede from a union that its member states voluntarily joined , soley at their convenience and only so long as the terms precipitating their membership were honored by the Federal state . Might confers a right to subjugate , it does not make it.The rabid reactionaries damning characterization of the symbol of the South 's noble cause clearly exposes their cozy and appropriate place in the family portrait along with Stalin , Lenin , Trotsky , Hitler , Pol Pot et . al. fascist tyrants that before them sought to crush individual freedom `` for the greater good '' .
 I wish I could find a `` True '' Confed Flag -LRB- Square not Rectangle -RRB- but for any fan of the South or the Civil War , this is a damn good buy.My lawyer is a Civil War NUT and has this hanging in his cabin up in Michigan . He is writing a book about the Civil War and says this flag inspires him to write it in an unbiased -LRB- North or South -RRB- manner.I am VERY happy with my purchase and he is very happy with his gift .
 Very nice flag , wonderful for decorating halls , pavillions , and banquet rooms for those Civll War balls , banquets , and meetings.Great price .
 I wanted a nice Confederate flag and came across this . It is totally worth $ 5 . It is a great screen printed flag .
 Great price & husband loved it ! It matched the other flag that my son gave him for christmas . will buy other items from this site .
 I recommend to all because the shipment from USA to Italy is perfect and the flag is very very good .
 Fast delivery which is awsome !!! ... the flag is very light and thin -LRB- i dont recommend putting it outside -RRB- it looks awsome in my room , my friends from college love it ... the colors are very bright and nice ... definitely happy with my purchase !!! : -RRB-
 its a little thin does n't seem like it can take abuse but you get what you pay for and it is cheap enough if it gets ruined just to buy another one . i have this flyin on the back of my mud truck and i do n't ever have it on the high way it would probably get torn . but what flag wouldnt ???? still a great flag if you just want something to hang in your room or whatever like i said before cheap enough to buy another one if you need to replace it !
 The size is perfect and could ask for nothing less . Hope all who buy this enjoy the snot of out it .
 Yes the material may be a little thin , but what do you want for such a great price.This is decent product that is well worth the low cost - it 's perfect for what I wanted .
 I bought two of these flags . Really wanted a nicer confed . flag but could n't find one . Decent quality .
 all weather flags arent the best , but they do the job and take a beating , they just arent the best looking flags .
 I was concerned that for such a low price , this would n't be as soft and absorbent as the Confederate flags I 'm accustomed to , but I was pleasantly surprised .
 Looks good in my room . The colors on it look nice as well . It is a full size flag at a great price . Would buy again , and most likely will ! Great
 Flags arrived today in great shape , well ahead of estimated arrival date . One has been hung and the other will be as soon as done typing this review . . Thanks and will be ordering at least two more as gifts .
 bought it to fly at turkey camp and it worked great lasted all week through storms and all . i didnt give 5 stars cause it is real thin and will rip or tear over time if you use it outside . but for the price you cant beat it .
 Exactly what I expected , the flag came in the packaging so it was obviously new event though it was under the used section .
 i love this flag and fly it everyday for southern pride . those that are buying this just to burn it for some hateful reason need to let go of your hatred for the south . the material is ok for the price but im also looking to get one made out of cotton .
 This was a gift for my son . He loves the US Confederate Flag and it was just what he wanted .
 You ca n't beat this flag for the price . I did n't expect much paying less than 5 dollars for it . Does n't seem like it 'd last more than a month or two out in the weather but it does look nice on a wall . Only problem is the material is so thin it 's basically see through . It 'll do until I have an extra $ 30 for a cotton flag .
 I ordered the flag to hang in my garage . When I received it and opened it up , it was a cheap looking flag but for the purpose I had purchased it for it was a great flag for a wall hanger . I would not recommend flying this flag outdoors or on a vehicle due to how thin the flag is . But overall 4 out of 5 .
 It is amazing ! I love the and it came in perfect condition ! ! I Love it ! I would consider it to all my friends !
 This order actually comes with two flags ! It 's a great deal for the price and the flags are pretty nice ! They hold up pretty well and it 's pretty awesome to have two for such a low price !
 I will order again . Like the rich colors and look . They look very good . I think the price is fair .
 christmas present for my oldest son he is crazy about dukes of hazard show and wanted a rebel flaggreat pricegreat valueshipped before they said it wouldwill buy from them again
 bright colors , pretty good quality would eventually wear out if flown outside but great wall flag . yee yee yee yee
 ordered flag and it came right away . very nice flag for the price . when i need another flag i will order again .
 Arrived quickly , in excellent condition ! It made the perfect Christmas gift for our local Civil War buff . Thank you !
 I bought this flag for a party prop . This flag is a great quality and size . I would recommend to a friend .
 The good
 Perfect cheap little addition for our Halloween party themed &#34; trailer trash &#34; party . I put one around my dogs neck and decorated the food tasble with the other .
 The quality is excellent . Both sides are rich in color . This has not been the case in others flags I 've seen where one side is dull compared to the other . I do take issue with the PC movement wanting to call this a racist flag . I guess it 's in the eyes of the beholder . C'est la vie .
 very thin , but you great price and free shipping , more than enough value . I ordered this as a joke to decorate my dorm room , then the day after i taped this on my wall , a black repairman knocked on my door because he mistakenly thought my sink needed servicing . I freaked out when i opened the door , and i told him one second and closed the door on his face and ripped it down , i then opened the door and came in , he inspected the sink and left . that was a close one , i could have gotten my a $ $ kicked .
 I am very happy and pleased with the quality of this flag . Not only the quality , but how fast it got here as well . I had a very hard time finding this flag in a regular store , and that is why I went to the net . My husband-to-be will be pleased to put this in his `` Man Cave '' that he is in the process of building .
 i fly a rebel flag on my truck so i wanted a good cheap flag . this flag holds up just as good as the more expensive flags .
 well it is now and has been hanging on my bedroom wall since I bought it if that tells ya anything . . hubby loves it .
 I do n't know what else there is to say , but it works . The dial is easy to read and it appears to be accurate . Would definitely recommend to a friend especially for the price .
 This is a great planter and because its wicker I know it will last for along time . I would of given 5 stars but it is hard to find a insert to put inside . It is very deep . What I did was to buy two long planters . I put the first one in and added lots of large rocks about half way filled . Then I planted my flowers in the second one and put that one on top of the first one . This worked great . It gave me the height I needed and the first planter did not have drainage holes so I did n't have to worry about it draining onto my carpet .
 We had bought 2 of these tables about 2 years ago , and have loved them ever since . It 's a one to two man job to take them out of where you had stored them last . I just mainly use them for big family parties like the 4th and 24th of July , Labor Day , and more holidays during the Summer . Instead of having everyone cramped into one table , we can now all be spread out . I mean , no one would want to sit in the grass would they ? Especially while trying to enjoy a delicious , juicy hamburger.As in the pictures above , the benches are hooked to the table so no scooting the bench out to sit down , just like a normal picnic table . This particular table comes with a UV protected surface and it also has very smooth round edges for comfortable carrying . I love this grey color it looks great out in the sun . If it 's untouched for a while it will start to heat up in the blazing sun . This version of the table the 2119 does n't hold an umbrella , but other models do . This exact table fits 6 comfortable , and if there 's just kids at the table , then 8 . After your big or small event it is easy to clean with just a wet cleaning rag or a hose . The things I like about it are that it has n't warped yet , even with water being all over the table . It also can be folded up flat for easy storing in tight places . This table is good for any flat ground like cement or grass . What I really like about it is it pops right into place with some helping hands . I love this table in many other ways too . It 's also a very great price if you do n't think so you 're missing out on a great offer . Hurry before this table goes out of stock.Who would want this table ? A person who would want this table is someone who likes to be outside having a family party , or just someone who likes to be outside eating on a picnic table . Maybe even your kids and their friend would like to eat or play on it . Someone who would n't want this table is a person who likes to stay inside and eat . -LRB- It 's not necessary for this table to be in use all the time . In fact I only use it during the summer ! -RRB- What 's the point of having the picnic table outside sitting there in no use , while you 're inside eating ? So do n't get the table if you 're not going to use it ! Are you an inside person ? Do n't get it ! Are you an outside person ? Look no further you have arrived at the table you 've been searching for .
 I like this item . It has helped with quick locations . The only drawback is the battery compartment cap keeps coming off . Besides that ... it works just fine .
 I have used this item for a while , it does it 's work well.Make sure you know how to use a pin pointer first though.I did n't liked the buzzer noise that came out of it , it was TOO LOUDand annoying . Instead I modified this item by removing the buzzer inside , adding a small vibrator from a broken cell phone , and I even re-solder aninternal LED next to the battery compartment through a small hole , so thatwhen a metallic item is found , not only does it vibrate , but it also blinks.Now this item works better than new . Real simple mods that you can makeyourself . It 'll void the warranty , and you have to be very careful disassemblingthe insides otherwise things might get broken . It 's worth it though.Make sure you buy rechargeable 9v batteries too .
 I 've now been using this product for a few months . Works perfectly . Detects the object within an inch or two . I bought one for my dad , highly recommend it .
 The `` Pinpointer '' is a very useful hand held small metal detector used to help narrow your search after the larger metal detector has located an object . The pinpointer has a very limited range of about 1 '' - 1.5 '' , depending on the type of metal and size of the object . This can help you find very small items and reduces the chances that your find will be damaged by your digging tools.A good accessory , recommended !
 I read a lot of complaints about this pin pointer , I think they must have improved it somehow , the one I have detects all coins I tested it on with 11/2 '' to 2 '' distance.Larger objects like aluminum cans and the like at 5-7 '' . Overall I am well pleased .
 Ordered this product because I would often get frustrated trying to find the metal object my metal detector picked up . Used it as soon as it arrived and I no longer have frustration . Works like a charm ! Very pleased with it and would recommend to others .
 Brought one like this for myself and liked it , so I bought another for my wife . Never would have found some coins without one .
 This is a great product that I have used previously . Unfortunately , NONE of the stores in my area carry it , so I am forced to order on line . It does wonders for my hydrangea , azalea and blueberry plants . I will order again when I run out .
 For some reason I could n't find this at several home improvement and discount stores so I had to order it through Amazon . If you have evergreens , you definately need this . I live on the edge of a large dry lake bed and my soil is alkaline , so anything remotely exotic to my area usually needs a dose of this at least once a month during the summer . Easy to use , simple directions and solid Miracle Gro reputation for quality .
 I could n't find this formulation in my local hardware stores , but Amazon had it available . Wow ... my hibiscus grew so tall last year that I had to trim the tops of all of them so they 'd fit into the greenhouse for winter !!!
 Miracid is great stuff but very hard to find . The big box stores do n't carry it and the garden centers are often out of it . But IMO it is a superior product to the other acid loving plant alternatives . I have azaleas and hollies and both have such a healthy color and vibrancy after a season of applying Miracid . Thanks to Amazon I can get Miracid at a reasonable price albeit more expensive than alternatives but for me it is worth the little bit extra . If I have to haul out hoses and spray it might as well be something that really works .
 Here in the high desert with our alkaline soil this product is needed to start any evergreen that is not local or any plant that is new to the soil . A great product and this was a great price on Amazon.I mix a very strong solution and pour it in the empty hole to soak the soil before I put in the amended mix . This way the new root system does not touch the strong solution until the plant has had a chance to get started and by then watering has cured the alkaline problem in the immediate root area . I still lose some new plants but the number is small by comparison .
 We live in Indiana and love Azaleas , Rhododendrons and Hibiscus shrubs and the flowers they produce . This is not the ideal growing zone for these types of plants and they need special planting locations for shelter from the cold winters . They also love acidic soil and we have to use Scotts Miracle Grow Miracid on the plants.This product not only feeds the plants but it also creates the proper pH for some types of plants . We also use it on evergreens and our dogwood to keep them strong and healthy.It does n't take a lot to make your flowers really explode with more flowers , larger flowers and longer lasting flowers . We have had Hibiscus with flowers larger than dinner plates and hundreds of blooms . It only takes one tablespoon of Miracid in one gallon of water to get great results . Feed your plants every week or two during the growing season for the best results.Make your landscaping and garden something special with a few doses of this plant food to really kick them off right in the spring . It is not too far away and now is time to stock up !
 Although it is a bit pricey , I would strongly recommend this Japanese made stainless steel bonsai shear . It is sharp and durable ; high quality . I tried once to save some money by purchasing a number of less quality , in expensive shears but I realize it was not worth ; I finally came back to using this Hand Forged Stainless Steel Bonsai Shear - I highly depend on it shaping many of my bonsai collections .
 This stand is the perfect height I was looking for and was very easy to assemble
 Yes ! Excatly the right height stand for my Large Gazing Ball . Sat in front of my bedroom window all Summer and it shows no wear . Love it !
 This is a great product for gardens . It stakes nicely into the ground securing it properly . I would recommend it for others .
 The All Power gen. is an acceptable substitute for the more expensive name brands in the same category . It starts easy and has plenty of power for the average camper . I 'm not sure I 'd want to hear several of these in a campground but out in the woods it would n't bother anyone and delivers what it promises.I give it four stars because according to the description of this product it came equipped with a volt meter . There is not a volt meter and this was the deciding factor for us when we chose it . The dealer responded and said the decription was in error . Hopefully it has been corrected.Over all I would recommend this product if you need power occasionally and do n't want to spend huge money . I 've seen them locally for twice the price .
 I use this generator primarily for dry camping in a travel trailer . Of the other generators around , this generator did all the others would do plus . It runs relatively quiet and ran atleast five hours on one tank of gasoline -LRB- 6/10 of a gal . -RRB- . If you need a generator at a reasonable price then do n't hesitate to buy this on . It 'll be well worth the investment .
 This mount was exactly what I was looking for - simple and looks great . Got my first tom this spring and the instructions / design made the tail fan mount extremely easy .
 purchased several years ago and has worked out very well . I would recommend this product to anyone wanting to mount turkey feathers .
 THis is the Toro replacement part for a cap/spring on my 16 year old Toro lawn trimmer . Exactly like the original . Works fine .
 Got what I wanted when I wanted it and I do not like having to use a minimum number of words
 i have nothing bad to say about this product . It works well and i use it everyday . nice and easy
 This is the exact replacement part for this trimmer . The part was easy to order , easy to install and is working great . It was delivered on time .
 What can I say about this cap for my Toro trimmer . It is just like the one which broke and it functions just like the original . The quality is equivalent to the original and therefore it meets my requirements .
 I was looking for a replacement spool cap for a good while now and I finally found the right one . This part was the exact thing I needed for my Electric Trimmer without it I could not trim my grass . Thanks Toro and Thanks Amazon for always having what I need
 This product is hard to find and I highly recommend buying the combination spring and spool cap from Amazon.com since Lowe 's and Home Depot do n't have it any more and hardware stores do n't seem to even know what I am talking about when I ask for replacements . The price is good and the shipping is fast .
 On Saturday my trimmer went boing , sproing , and everything in the head was gone . Lowe 's does n't carry Toro parts , but I found it here at cheaper than what Lowe 's would probably charge .
 I have an older model Toro single-line trimmer that fell within the 10 '' -15 '' range specified in the description . I was a bit nervous that it would not fit , as Toro does n't manufacture my particular model anymore , but the part fits and works , so when it comes to replacement parts , this gets the full five stars.A note
 I have two of the Stinger Ultra units . At night , I keep one in the kitchen downstairs and one up stairs in the loft area . This arrangement has worked great for 2-years killing the bugs that get in the house . It gets large and small moths , flys , mossquitos , knats , fruit flys and other flying pests . One of my lamps has just gone out after 2-years and the other unit is still operating well . Our experience for `` inside '' use has been a winner .
 Just what we had hoped . Works great . Older version of same product is 20 ' away and this pulls them away from it .
 Zapper 1 worked fine for a couple of days then quit . Sent it back to the store . They fixed it and sent it to me . Zapper2 has been working fine for a week .
 Flowtron wins hands down . We have two parrots , and their food causes seasonal infestations of small moths . We put both of these units near the cages , indoors . The Stinger worked ok , because spiders built webs in them , and THEY caught a few moths . The Flowtron is awesome , and clears the room in a couple nights , keeping it clear thereafter . In previous years the swarms were so bad -LRB- in the hundreds -RRB- that we could n't use the room , and because the parrots are sensitive to poison -LRB- not to mention us ! -RRB- , we could n't use pesticides . Recommend theFlowtron BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer , 1-Acre Coveragehighly .
 Bought one at the start of the season last year - we set it up about 8 feet from our deck -LRB- used a Shepard 's hook plant hanger and ran an extension cord -RRB- within a day or two the number of bugs around our deck decreased by a large amount . Before we really could n't spend much time on the deck after dark , with the bug zapper out there our deck is now enjoyable.Couple of things - You must change out the attractant about once a month - this is what makes it work . If you do n't keep fresh attractant in the zapper , the effectiveness will be greatly diminished.Also the instructions say that you do n't have to clean it because the bugs will just drop right off - wrong ! After a few weeks our zapper is just coated with dead bugs -LRB- which I view as a good thing -RRB- . So I clean it every time I change the attractant - easy way to clean it is to remove the attractant , unplug it , remove the bulb . Wipe the bulb gently with a damp cloth and set aside to dry . Then I take a hose and hose down the zapper to get all the bugs off . I let it dry for several hours , reassemble with fresh attractant and we 're good to go.Had this unit for a year and a half - stored it inside during the winter - still working great .
 We bought this to put in our attic to kill stink bugs . It seems that they are coming a lot more these days.It seems to work so far . we are happy with this product.I had read a lot of mixed review so we were not too sure of what to expect but so far we really killed a lot of them . Let 's hope it continues!If it does not I will update this review . But at this time I am recommending this product.The package arrived damaged so this is why it did not get 5 stars.thanks
 I bought one of these zappers at Home Depot & it quit working about a year later . So I ordered another one from Amazon and my husband called the Customer Service Hotline when we received our new one to ask some questions about trying to fix the `` old '' zapper . The Customer Service Rep explained that these zappers had a 3 year warranty & issued an R/A to return the zapper to fix or replace . Thats tells you this company stands behind their products & believes in them . I know We have been very pleased with the purchase of the Zapper . It works '' `` GREAT ''
 The Stinger rules !!!!! I see many people hate the Stinger , making claims that it does not last , perhaps it does not last . I bought two last month , we use them INDOORS in out shipping warehouse , and we LOVE the Stinger . Last summer was miserable , having to swat about twenty flies every day . But now with the Stinger onboard , our warehouse and Music Store are complete clear of flying insects . WE LOVE THE STINGER . ZAAAAAAPPPPP !!!!!!!! Sizzle !!!!!! YES !!!!!!! Another fly bites the dust !!!!!! We have not seen a fly in 4-weeks !!!!!!!! LOVE the Stinger .
 I use this primarily in campgrounds when we go RVing . We attract lots of flying insects at night because of our exterior lighting . I just hang it in a tree and we are able to enjoy sitting outside at night and not be bothered by bugs . There is little or no mess as the bugs drop through to the ground .
 I purchased the Stinger UVB45 at Costco in Plano Texas recently . After reading the less than glowing reports for the UV15/UV40 model , I was n't expecting a great outcome . Before permanently mount the unit , I placed it on the patio table at sundown and powered it up with an extension cord . After about 2 hours , there were at least a 100 to 150 small young mosquitos and a few other larger insects under the unit . I 'll have to say the unit works very well in my informal testing , and it is a keeper . I live in a Dallas suburb with many pockets of stagnant water in the community , so this unit will be appeciated in the months to come .
 This thing is awesome . I was very happy with my old Mosquito Magnet until it stopped working , and I had not heard that these zappers no longer made any zap-noises . I did n't do an exact analysis , but I assume I 'm saving a lot of money on energy , based ont he bulb wattage ans how often I had to put another 20 lbs of propane into the magnet.This can be set two ways - day & night or just night use . The `` switch '' is very simple , it 's just a cover that slides over a photovoltaic cell . The instructions say not to leave it out in the rain , but that is exactly where ours is right now . It will last about 2 years even if you just leave it out . -LRB- we 're on our second one right now - and this does n't bother me at all compared to what I spent on the old mosquito magnet -RRB- . Actually the first one might have had a burnt bulb - never tried to change it.As for mosquitos , I would say it 's a bit more thorough than the magnet . With the magnet , it takes until the 2nd year before you wo n't get bitten in your backyard . After the first year , you 'll see one only occassionally . With the Zapper , even during the peak of the first summer -LRB- for one year in between we had nothing -RRB- , you 'll rarely see a mosquito . Now into the 3rd year , I ca n't remember the last time I saw a mosquito in any corner of our 1/4-acre yard . The the first summer we left it on 24-hours a day.For placement , too , I put it to the far side of the side-yard opposite the garage , so I ca n't see it from any window or the back yard . The neighbors asked what it was , but the light did n't bother them and they appreciate the reduced mosquitos . The old magnet had to be in the shade , which meant in the backyard in view of the porch.For total insects , the zapper of course does n't discriminate . It gets all the moths also , which is fine for me - less catapillers on the trees , and less moths getting in the house - and I can leave the front door light on now at night when I 'm out and not come back with an etymology collection on my screen door when I get back.The one thing you 'll notice is the metal mesh fills up every week or so , and because of the diameter of the outer mesh , it 's hard to clear it by just blowing out the dead bugs . You can , but you 'll give yourself a headache or half pass out ! It seems to keep working full or empty . I wish I had some compressed air to clean it out , though .
 Bought one of these from Walmart when I worked there 3 years ago . Went back a month or so ago and could n't find another one like it . Ordered one thru Amazon . I have never had any problem with the first one . Once a month I take it to my shop and blow it out and clean the bulb . Both of them do exactly what they are designed to do . I always keep a spare bulb on hand in case one burns out . Not a big deal .
 I had a Mosquito Magnet but for $ 500 I got two years use and it was very intermittent at that . I got a UVB45 bug zapper and it worked great killing lots of mosquitoes . Then water got into the switch on top and rusted the circuit board -LRB- -1 star -RRB- . Cleaning it broke rusted , brittle leads so I trashed it . Having already bought two new bulbs and Stinger changing the next year model to a bug zapper that DID N'T use my model of bulb , I got another of their last year 's model the UVB45 . I had to look for it on Amazon since only the new models are in the stores.It 's now up and running zapping lots of insects out of existence . I cut a piece of plastic out of a plastic jug -LRB- a green Miracle-Grow jug -RRB- and rigged it with the triangular-shaped metal clip used to hang up the bug zapper . Now I have a rain shield for the switch and yet the plastic shield is thin enough to let light through to enable the photo sensor to work correctly .
 I 'll be the first to admit that `` Stinger '' has a quality control problem . The usual problem is that you take it out of the box -LRB- brand new -RRB- , plug it in , and the lamp comes on . All seems well until you notice that it is n't killing any bugs . So you lug it back to `` Home Depot '' -LRB- where I got mine -RRB- , and get a new replacement - and the new one works great . I have two of the `` one acre black light models '' -LRB- three years old -RRB- , and they do a fantasic job . A neighbor -LRB- two doors away -RRB- has one that 's been going for 3 years -LRB- same model -RRB- , Another neighbor down the hill just bought his , and at night I go outside and listen to all of these units frying bugs . I do n't remember the last time that I was bite by a mosquito , because we do n't have any . YES - you must blow the dead bugs out of the unit at least once per week - especially if it 's going to rain . This think kills massive amounts of bugs , and if the dead bugs get wet , they will short out the grids - and kill the high voltage transformer.As far as the bad reviews go - I blame that on both `` Stinger '' and `` Home Depot . '' Stinger does ship defective units . I 'd say that at least a third of the units on the store shelves are bad . However , when you take one back to `` Home Depot , '' they close it back up with a piece of tape , and put it right back on the shelf . Maybe other stores do this too , but this is my experience . As for the bulbs
 Stinger UVB40 Review : I have no problems with Stinger mosquito abatement bug zappers and have used them for years . You do have to follow Stingers recommendations such as changing the bulb annually , changing the Octenol bait monthly and then clean them out regular . A plugged up trap is not the manufacturers fault , it is the end users fault if you do n't clean it out . I have a portable 5 gallon air tank and a 10 ' coil hose with a 16 '' blow wand that I use so I do n't have to take the trap down to blow it out in the shop or drag 50 ' of air hose from my compressor everyday to blow it out.I live at 2,700 feet elevation with extreme weather from -17 in winter to 107 degree 's in the summer . I have surface irrigation and my personal mosquito abatement is `` NO STANDING WATER ANYWHERE . '' With surface irrigation and keeping my lines dug out with my backhoe for faster and cleaner moving water to cut down on mosquito explosions helps but no mater what I do I still have some mosquitos . Mosquito hatches are about every 7 days but in warm weather such as the high 90 's and the 100 's a hatch cycle can be as frequent as every 3 days.Clean out often is to be expected , the more you have to clean it out the more skeeters/bugs it is killing.The UV black light bulb is better than the UV fluorescent white bulb is better because it draws less moths which leaves more room to kill skeeters.IF my grid fails like some folks have said I am going to use the previous model of the Stinger 1 acre bug zapper only I am going to not use the UV white fluorescent bulb but instead change it out to the UV black light bulb.I have enclosed a pic of the first night I used it on 7/20/12 then a video at night on 7/20/12 I took with my Flip Mino so you doubters can see that this model of Stinger bug zapper does work okay . I also included a pic with and without flash last night 8/10/12 so you can see how mine plugged up completely with a fresh mosquito hatch . I also like the light sensor , it turns on a little earlier than I thought it would , about 1 hour before dark in a shaded area . So this is my experience with the Stinger UVB40 black light 1 acre bug zapper.This zapper comes with ONE Octenol bait , order more while you are purchasing this and figure one a month needed for the rest of your mosquito season or 1 a month for next years mosquito season . You also might consider ordering a spare bulb in your initial order so it will be handy next season when you fire up your zapper .
 Even after a power surge -LRB- 146V -RRB- our pair still work great except for needing new bulbs after the surge . We live in the woods and they need to be cleaned frequently but even when they look too full of bugs to function they keep right on frying lol .
 This product perfectly well consults with the problem ! Now I and my family can easy have a rest in the evening on the nature and enjoy fresh air . Any mosquito will not disturb us ! An excellent product !
 We bought this pool back in 2009 and have set it up for our third summer of use . With five children , it has gotten more than its share of use . The depth is perfect for young and old . The width gives lots of space for the kids to play around and have fun . We 've had to patch a few holes in the bottom , sides , and the inflatable ring , but with the patch kit they send you , it 's been easy . In my opinion , it is a very good product -LRB- the pool itself -RRB- and has held up well . For the entertainment we 've received , it was money well spent.Unfortunately , the pump that comes with it has not held up as well as the pool . The original pump stopped working part way through the second summer of use . My husband did a temporary repair , but then it finally went kaput . We boutgh another one from Amazon which was n't very expensive . It got us through the second summer -LRB- yeah ! -RRB- . We started out with it this summer , but here we are in early July and it has quit working . Thankfully , someone gave us another pump which is much larger than we need , but it seems to be much more durable than the ones recomended for the intex pools . Hopefully it will get us through this summer and if the pool continues to hold up -LRB- which I think it will -RRB- , next summer too.Let me just add as a side note
 We purchased this pool about 2 weeks ago for our 3 children . Setting up time of 15 minutes is a joke , maybe they forgot to add the 0 to make 150 minutes ! We decided to use a cement pad we had in our backyard , but when filling the pool we found out that the cement pad is slightly slanted so one side of the pool is 1 '' deeper -LRB- this is the side that is below the blue blow up ring -RRB- . But the pool has been fine and we have had no problems with it . I have found that we have had to change the filter once a week so be sure and stock up before the stores sell out . . Maintaining the chemical levels is a chore especially when the stores sell out of everything -LRB- ex
 This will be my first year with this pool but back in 2005 -LRB- ish -RRB- I had the 18 FT pool . My first summer was a learning curve . My ground was not perfectly even so I dug out some chunks of ground right next to the pool and let the water push the pool to settle more evenly . Still not exact but good enough . That summer I went crazy with the chemicals and trying to get it right ... it never got there . Winter came -LRB- in Kentucky then -RRB- and I pulled the plug but never fully drained it . By the time summer came around for the second season with the pool , it was slightly green and had some `` ick '' in it . I went to my local Walmart and bought some liquid chlorine . I poured an entire gallon in and let the pool fill . When it was full the green was gone but I had some hazy water . I ran back to Walmart and bought a bigger pump for a hundred bucks and TA DA ! My pool was clear . From that point on I used the floater with chlorine tabs and used liquid clorine as needed -LRB- about once a month for a `` shock '' -RRB- . I also did n't continue to buy numerous filters . I used the same one for about a month at a time by removing it once a week , hosing it down , pouring some of that ever-so-handy liquid chlorine on it and putting it back in the pump.Having said all that , I must inform potential buyers that although I am a perfectionist in many aspects of my life , setting up a pool is not one of those . I want to have fun , float around , BBQ with the family ... things of that nature.With this smaller pool -LRB- which is only smaller because the now local Walmart did n't have the larger one -RRB- I intend to do the same thing . We filled it and the ground is not level . No biggy , I shall dig . And yes , it does leave a little hole in the ground that you can barely feel with your toes in the pool . But guess what ?!?! Water is REALLY heavy in volume and I have not one doubt in my mind that , in time , it will work itself out just like my last pool . I do n't really plan to be sitting at the bottom of the pool anyway : - -RRB- I only wrote this review because I do n't want this pool to get a bad wrap for something that is not absolutley necessary . Just have fun . Is n't that why we all bought this cheaper version than paying those thousands of dollars to have a professional pool installed ???
 So other review info regarding leveling , set up , and inflation are all mostly true . It helps immensely to have a couple of helpers while setting this up -LRB- my brother and his kids -RRB- . The included ground cover is thin so get a heavy tarp and if you have trees like I do , make sure you pick up every twig and acorn no matter how small it seems -LRB- drove me nuts walking around and feeling a damn acorn I missed -RRB- . My pool site is directly under a large oak so I do n't deal with sun on the pool -LRB- makes for a cool pool in the summer though -RRB- and it is n't completely level but it works fine . It takes about 8-10 hours to fill . After the fill I saw a 11/2 inch water level difference and I have had zero problems even with 4 adults and 3 kids in the pool . Last year I purchased the saltwater system and I insist everyone try it . 40 pounds of salt -LRB- $ 15 total I think -RRB- was all I added , and the ph and chlorine levels were rock solid all summer . I bought baking soda and acid incase ph needed tweaking but that never happened . It uses copper as an algecide so anyone with colored -LRB- blonde -RRB- hair might have slight issues with green tint , but I 've read there 's remedies for that . Including the cheap ground cover , the only other problems I have with the pool set are with the cover and the filter pump . The cover has holes in the center , why I have no idea , since a cover is supposed to keep things from getting into your clean pool water . So I patched the holes with vinyl cement and pieces of a shower curtain . The pump is weak and does need to be run frequently . You ca n't hook a vacuum to it , and the filter cartridges miss alot of small particles . So this year I 'm gon na purchase the 2100gph sand filter and give that a try . Will update on the performance of the sand filter later this summer .
 We purchased our pool three weeks ago and the kids are loving it.I was shocked to wake this morning to this Intex pool on the cover of our local paper . It seems that these pools require planning permit and adhere to proper state fencing laws . I 'm disappointed that I was n't informed of this at the time of purchase . The advertisement and product boxes never show or mention this , -LRB- ... -RRB- I , m at a lose .
 This is a great pool . that is if you follow the instrucions to a tee . i read some of the other reviues that said you must be `` prefectly '' level - thats not true . my pool is level enough but not nearly perfect . it is a great investment . but if you have wel water i advise having water trucked in.also you need to buy extra filters when u buy the pool b/c the one it comes with dose not have a screen in the middle of it for clorine tabs .
 We bought this pool 21/2 yrs . ago . I suppose we have been lucky according to the other reveiws . The luckiest thing is that We have a cement slab to place it on . We live in Naples , Florida so We Use our pool for about nine months a year . In all the 21/2 yrs . we have owned it the only hole we have ever had was a pin hole in the ring . However this year it is just a mess , not because of the manufacturer but because of the neighbor kid who sliced the bottom up and then after repairing the bottom He was told not to come in our yard and could not swim , He came over and punctured the side . Of coarse his parents think he is innocent . They say the rats got to it . Not that I have ever seen any in my yard and surely not carrying a knife to make perfect slices . I do n't know maybe rats chew perfect slices these days . Any way its an easy set up , Takes a little time to get the chemicals right but if you set it up proper and take care of it it will bring many a year of pool party , s and happy kids . I have five kids and they loved it . Hope to buy a new one soon . After I put up an electrical fence or the neighbors move out .
 I purchased the 12 ` x36 '' model last summer and it was great . Believe it or not it 's deeper than it sounds . It was only 109.99 at a local pool store ... Toys R Us is for toys , not pools ... I got all the bells and whistles at the same place . . I spent under 150.00 , which was great . I HIGHLY RECOMEND THAT YOU GO TO A POOL STORE . . they know what their doing . When it came time to take it down I could have cried . . it has to drain where the pool is so my entire back yard was a mess ... This year we 're getting a frame set pool by intex . . Its a little bit more but its deeper and not so wobbly like this pool is . . DONT GET IT FROM TOYS R US ... they want 1000 for the big one and 500 for the lil one . . go to a poooooool store . . lol . . The 15 ` x42 '' model that im getting is only 199.99 . Ill let you know how it goes . . over all this is a good 1-2 year pool . . but a steal frame is much more durable . .
 We bought an 18 ' x 48 '' Intex pool last year , we enjoyed it greatly and have found that if stored properly it can be enjoyed a few more years . We set it up this year and it is running great , no problems with shrinkage or cracking , the only thing we did was get a new filter and pump for a regular pool to help with maintenance . It is a great pool if you monitor your chemicals often and have a level surface to set it on .
 I got this pool for by birthday it is the best and it is really bigger then the picture you must get it
 When me moved to our other farm , I had to leave my 30 ft. above ground , total deck surrounded pool . I plan to put an inground in this time but it wont happen until 2005 so I thought this pool would do for now with my 5 year old . Level is correct and anyone thinking that its not that crucial . . ask me 6000 gallons of water later . . Had it right the first time , but the house well has a special filter on it and I didnt think to check it before filling pool . . It looked like Willy Wonkas River . . 2nd time I was pretty sure it was level but then one side started to cave and that was that . . so third time is a charm . Its up . . its full of water . . now my complaint is why would the put a filter pump designed for a 5-7 ft pool on a fifteen foot pool ? This thing wouldnt clean my bathtub water . . It will if you clean the filter ever hour or so . . but it does not ciruculate 3000 gallons of water . . I can pick up replacement cartriges at my pool supply place and those cartriges which are identical , even have written on them 7ft pool cartrige . Anybody who cares to contridict this , remember , I have had a large pool for many years and know the ins and outs of filter systems . My latest was a Hayward sand filter which I loved !!!!!!!!!!!! . So . . yes , the pool is convenient , it will do , but Intex needs to upgrade the cheesy equipment it sends with it . . Who needs a pool cover when you take it down for the winter ?? put that money into the filter system . . just a thought .
 The pool was easy to set up and has been the best thing for the 110 degree weather we have been having . I have a 13 and a 17 year old who both enjoy having a few friends over and a taking a dip.It is good fun for them while I am at work and they are n't out running around in the malls to keep cool ... thanks .
 We bought the Intex 15 ' x 42 Pool a couple of years ago . It is absolutely wonderful . Of the 3 children in our household , one has learned to swim in it , one has learned to go under water without holding her nose and all have had many friends over to share in the fun . The children come home hot and sweaty from rec camp and the 1st thing they want to do is take a dip . Great purchase .
 I bought this pool for my daughter for her 7th birthday . Her friends and her love to swim in it and it is deep enough for them to jump in it also-no diving though . It comes with everything you need including the ladder.The only problem is that this pool must be placed on a level level area and in my backyard it is not totally level . So the pool is a little deeper on one side than the other-just a couple of inches but the pool is still pretty stable.I wish there was a way that intex could make the bottom of the pool with a mechanism that inflates the bottom to make it level or something-like if the pool is tilting one way then you can inflate that side of a chamber to level it or something.Overall it is a great pool and lots of fun but dont expect it to be perfectly level when you put it up .
 This pool was very difficult to set-up . Our yard is n't completely level , but we do n't live on a hill either . It took 55 bags of sand before the pool was level enough to fill the right way . Definitely not a 15 minute project as the box indicated . Now that it is set-up , my daughter and her friends are having a great time in it . Just allow yourself awhile to get it up and running .
 This pool looks very easy to put together in the video but it is not as easy as it looks . the ladder had a part on that was so hard to get on that had to be put on first -LRB- not shown in diagram -RRB- . The pool was n't going so good because you have to have a level backyard and water started to leak because of the ground not being level soon we reslove the problem by digging up the soil and making it fLAT but should n't have to be done for a pool that is n't cheap . some thing were said in the movie but not in the directions . some advice read the box , directions , and watch the movie .
 We bought this pool and set it up for the first time this year . Set up was n't quite as easy as the box promised -LRB- finding a level surface , inflating the top ring , and smoothing out the wrinkles while it fills were all time consuming -RRB- . However , the end result is great ! We enjoy this pool all weekend long.My 5 yr old son annouced that , `` We are rich ` cuz we got a pool '' . My son in particular really enjoys having a large pool to swim in . It is deep enough and long enough that he can practice what he learns in his swimming lessons , but not so deep that he is frightened.You do need to buy additional chemicals and keep up on the vacuuming just like a real pool . But we find the extra work is not irksome when you consider the amount of enjoyment we derive from this pool .
 We bought this pool last month and it is working well with no problems.A couple tips i 've learned was we 1 . run the filter a lot longer than 3 hours a day 2 . we added a chlorine floater that is sufficent 3 . instead of adding chlorine to the pool we use shock once a week pre dissolved it first , which is avail at home depot , wal-mart , etc. 4 . use a stabilzer treatment for the water.other than that our family has a great time
 I got this pool a while ago and have been very pleased with the results . Easy instructions make this pool simple to set up . It holds about 3110 gal . of water . WARNING
 Consiedering how cheap this pool is , I think it is a good buy . In August we had a tree hit our garage , roll off go through the fence and hit the pool . The pool survived . Now it didnt squash the pool , the top branches of the tree layed HEAVILY on the pool . Once we had the tree removed and the debris removed from the pool it is up and running ; good as new . Never even deflated it to clean it up . And we are not level , our home back ups to a retention pond so the back of our property sloops . It dropped once and we lost maybe 1,500 of the 4,875 gallons but it had rained for days straight over filling the pool . You have to keep the water below the inflated ring . I even have pictures of the tree on the pool . We loved this pool . It has been great to help teach our nephew his kicks and pulls and he is learning to swim and has overcome his fear .
 my grandchildren are now enjoying this pool as well as the rest of their family . My son in law said it was pretty easy to set up . Since he is a plumber he said the pump was fine for that size pool . They are pleased with it and so am I that I chose the right company to order it from as everthing arrived within a few days and the package was in very good condition and well packed .
 I have only had mine for 3 wks , but have used it daily . I did not level my ground , just picked a level spot . I did not use a ground cloth . Just set it up and got in . For 15 minutes a week I can balance chemicals and have sparkling clear water . The grandkids use it hard , and there have been no problems . I use it to cool off and relax after work.I am planning to get a bigger one next year and give this to my daughter . If I could give it 6 stars I would . We have never enjoyed something this much for so little money and work !
 Great pool for the money . It came with everything you need ... week 6 and it is still up and used every day
 had the pool up for 3 summers only thing is the hot sun here in Memphis made the blow up ring cook and turn hard and black but that was after 3 hot summers im thinking that the sunscreen that we put on the kids might have has something to do with it
 The pool was easy to set up and it is perfect for the size yard we have and I only wish I would of got one that was a little deeper so the next one will be the 48 '' . I definitly would recommend this pool , nice pool for a great price .
 This is our second year using the pool and we really enjoy it . Love the large size especially for the price . Its big enough for the adults to enjoy as well as the kids . was easy to set up once I had prepared an area big enough for the ground cloth , as other reviews have stated , the pool really does need LEVEL ground . the ladder feels a bit small to me but the kids have no problems with it . Its too bad the little 1000gph pump that comes with the pool is not big enough to keep this size pool -LRB- 15x42 '' -RRB- clean . last year we had algae problems so this year we bought the saltwater system with pumpIntex Krystal Clear Saltwater System and Filter Pump . So , this year we are enjoying the pool MUCH more than last year and hardly any time cleaning . also if you live in cooler climates I recommend a solar blanket8 Mil Pool Solar Cover 15 ft Roundto improve the water temp . I found that the hoses on the larger pump can make it a challenge to plumb in a solar heater , but a little creative do-it-yourself time at the local hardware store and it can be done . we are having so much fun now that the pool stays clean , we are thinking about getting a larger size in the future .
 I could n't surviver a Summer without it ! This is my second one . My dog bit a hole in the first one while we were putting it away for the winter . I did get 3 years of use out of it though ! Level ground is KEY . I did it the old fashion way with a stick , string and level ... We also strung a canopy over it !
 It was pretty cheap for everything that it includes . The only problem is , you need to have basically a perfectly even ground . Ours was slightly uneven and the pool overflowed to one side and caused it to collapse some . But we moved it to more even ground and it 's been fine ever since .
 If anyone had told me ahead of time that the acid from bird poop would make the inflatable ring leak I would not have purchased this product , because after all who has control of where birds go !!! And the pool is only good for ONE SEASON !!! We put ours up the year and it has a huge leak in the seam so now my 6 year old is very dissapointed as we have to take it down the leak in the seam is to big to patch . I would not waste my $ again .
 We bought this pool last year . It was great fun for the whole family . It did somehow get a hole in the top but it would contain enough air to keep it floating . However , we set it up this year . We started to fill it and found 6 holes . We emptied it , fixed the holes and began to fill it again when we discovered 8 more holes . We repaired those and started to fill it and discovered there were enough holes in it that it was not really repairable . It 's a great pool for one season .
 We purchased this pool about a month ago and have had no problems with it . My daughter is almost 5 and loves playing with her cousins in it . We do run the filter 24/7 and I rinse the filter cartridge daily . We do have a some knowledge of pool chemicals from previously taking care of a metal above-ground pool , but you can always go to a `` pool store '' and they are more than happy to help . We are completely satisfied with this little pool .
 I bought a smaller version of this pool and because we liked it so much we decided to go for the bigger version . It was difficult to set up primarily because our back yard was not completely level . When we set up the smaller one we found this out . It is important to be level because the pool will not fill correctly and you may end up with an oval instead of a circle and the height of the pool was about 6 inches shorter than it was supposed to be . So knowing this , we set the big one up correctly . Once you get it set up it is great fun . It is just a matter of knowing how to maintain the proper chemical levels to have safe swimming water . The kids are in it every day and it is deep enough that the adults can enjoy it also ! I would definitely by another one if we decide to go even bigger next year .
 Given the price of this pool , my expectations were fairly low . Boy have I been pleasantly surprised ! The biggest hassle for us was getting the ground level -LRB- and the ground DOES need to be PERFECTLY level -RRB- . After a couple of false starts , we filled it up , put in a few chemicals from the pool store and started having a blast . My 10 year old and his friends absolutely love it , and it is big enough for my 14 year old to get in , cool off , and float around . My 2 year old ca n't wait to hop in several times a day -LRB- with an adult , of course -RRB- . From the minute we started filling it , someone has been having fun in it . This is an excellent value for the entertainment the family gets out of it .
 This is our 3rd yr with our 18 X 36 Easy Set Pool . The 1st yr was bad . The pool collapsed 3X , sending 3700 gallons of water down the yard . We finally figured we were not level by about 6 inches over the 18ft diameter . The 2nd year , when we unfolded the pool to set it up , handfuls of bird seed were in it . The mice had set up housekeeping while the pool overwintered in the garage . Only after it was filled did I realize the mice ate a hole in it . Do n't bother with underwater patches , they leak . Also , make sure you get one with the LARGE filter and CLEAN it regularly . Clean your pool of grass & leaves BEFORE they go into filter . The filter set up is backwards due to the fact the water enters pump BEFORE the filter , therefore clogging the intake at motor housing . You must unscrew hoseclamp , pull off hose & remove debris anytime you notice pump is noisier than normal . Other than these few problems , it is a great pool . What do you expect for a fraction of the $ $ of a permanent pool ? We have gotten our money 's worth . Also , you MUST go to a pool shop to learn the water chemistry or you will be wasting lots of money on chemicals !!!!!!!
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I had NO trouble with this pool what so ever . While I agree it take a bit longer than 15 minutes to get the pool ready it still did n't take long . We started at 5:30 and were filling the pool by 6:15 -LRB- 2 of us -RRB- . The ladder gave us more trouble . The only complaint I have is that the covers for the pump hoses on the inside of the pool often reattatch themselve making the pump unable to work properly . We had to cut our covers off in order to work the pump 100 % of the time.Awesome pool ! If I had a bigger yard I would get the largest version of this pool!Oh , and we are about 2 inches off w/no problems ... bottom filled fairly evenly , and was n't noticalbe until the pool was 100 % filled!Enjoy !
 We 've had to replace this pool a few times over the many years we 've used one , but it is worth the cost and effort . No , the pool is not huge , your kids can not dive for sharp objects and they should n't use some of those kinds of toys in it , at all . In fact , I do n't really recommend any vinyl , plastic or inflatable pool for rambunctious , active children ... it 's just silly to think that kids -- or adults , for that matter -- could n't damage something like this . But this inflatable by Intex is great for floating , exercising , cooling off or whatever . Just remember , it is what it is ... not for rough play but for easy relaxing . Grab a float , an inner-tube , a beach ball , a kickboard , some of those silly pool `` noodles '' and just enjoy a few hours in the sun-warmed water.Yes , the ring does tend to get holes in it ; sometimes they 're easy to find and patch but sometimes they 're not . It 's not meant for hard-core swimming and diving . It 's plastic and susceptible to damage . But it works.We don ' t expect this pool to last forever ; only a few summers . Take care of it . At the end of the season , clean it , dry it out and put it away carefully -LRB- in its original box , if possible . It wo n't `` fit like a glove '' but the vinyl will be protected -RRB- . In the end , you get what you pay for . If you need something more , think about something bigger , sturdier and more expensive .
 We ordered this pool and it arrived in less than a week . I leveled the yard pretty good , but nowhere near perfect . I laid the pool out by myself in less than 1/2 an hour and had the pump connected in no time . The pool filled quickly with two hoses and in less than a day we were done . One word of advice is to spend a little extra and purchase the Intex salt water system !! This system was a breeze to set up and in 24 hours my pool was perfectly clear and balanced chemically and ready for my son to enjoy . If the saltwater system only lasts one year it is well worth it . It cost me 18 bucks in salt and another 20 for a timer for the filter pump and that 's all . The surface skimmer works surprisingly well when hooked to the filter pump inlet . I will buy another when this one is finished being abused by my boy and his cousins . Great great product for a small amount of $ $ .
 We had one of these for 5 years before it finally got a leak . When we bought it 5 years ago it did not come with the ladder . We just replaced it and are so happy that it includes the ladder . The pool covers do n't normally last more than a season so stock up on them . The only drawback is that you can not control the temperature . I wish INTEX had something that worked so that the water was not always so cold . Usually you can adjust to the water temp , but some days the water feels way too cold to get in . Even so , the kids love it and have lots of fun with it every summer .
 You ca n't go wrong with this pool . I 'm a `` I can do it myself '' kinda gal and I -LRB- a 100lb 5 ' 2 '' woman -RRB- was able to put this pool up and take it down myself last summer , it 's so easy . It does n't take up too much space , filled rather quickly , my kids had endless fun & it provided a refreshing retreat for my husband and I as well . I found I only needed to add limited chemicals and ran the filter only when we were using it or every other day if we were n't using it and the water stayed clean . It 's super easy to vacuum if you get a `` whirlpool '' going . My daughter , sister , and/or husband would run around and around the edge of the pool so I could just stick the net in and let the debris come to me on the surface , and once the debris on the bottom found it 's way to the middle of the whirlpool I stuck the vacuum in and sucked it all up . Easy and everyone loves making the whirlpools anyway and floating around with it . I looked on another site forever for a used one thinking I could get a better deal/spend less money for the same thing but when I compared the used prices there , with less accessories , to a brand new one with everything included , this ended up being a steal and well worth the money . It is extremely sturdy and I expect , with proper care , will last and it 's worth will far exceed the cost . Ca n't wait for the warm weather to put the pool back up again !!
 I love this pool ! It did n't take long to set up.appox 10 hours to fill ! The pool does lean a little to one side because the lawn not being even but we have not had any spill issues . Next year we will just use another spot .
 My husband and I bought this pool and had some trouble setting up . Trying to get completely level ground was difficult . We found that we were off by a few inches and are now starting to have trouble . The bottom of the pool has actually expanded so now the sides are bulging and my water level is about 6 inches too low . I called the manufacturer direct and they advised me to add more water to the pool . It does take a lot more then 15 minutes to set up and trying to get all of the wrinkles out of the bottom is another story . When it is all said and done I guess it is worth the money . Only time will tell how durable it is .
 I ordered this pool set on a Sunday , with free super saver shipping , and by Wednesday it was delivered . Let me start by saying that my yard was n't 100 percent level , but only about an inch or two slope and is not any problem at all . The hardest part of getting the job done is making sure that it is all laying flat and all of the wrinkles are out of the bottom . The filter setup was a breeze , as was the ladder assembly and the assembly of the surface skimmer and other accessories included . I also have to admit that I was completely laughing at the `` vacuum '' that was included , and doubted that it would pick up anything . The first morning that the pool was filled I saw some debris on the bottom of the pool , so hooked up the vacuum for a try . I was amazed that it picked up everything off the bottom without any problem . Definitely well worth the money spent and can see my husband and myself as well as our 2.5 year old twins enjoying this purchase until it is too cold to stand it any more ...
 I purchased this pool in mid-July after several days of 100-plus degree temperatures , and I do n't regret it at all . I get in it almost every day . Do n't let the other reviewers scare you when they say the ground has to be level to within one inch . My yard is n't completely level , and I lost sleep over it before filling the pool . The warning turned out to be an exaggeration . My pool is about 3 to 4 inches higher on one side than the other and it is fine -- but I would n't recommend being off by much more than that . I prepared the site by removing the sod and applying a layer of sand -- I 'm not sure it was a required step , but it gave me peace of mind -- and the bottom is softer due to the sand . Some of the reviewers have complained about the pump . I ca n't speak to it , since I replaced it with the Krystal Clear Saltwater System & Filter Pump which I also love , by the way . I only have a couple of minor complaints . The instruction manual that comes with the pool could be clearer -- you really need to watch the included DVD . Having said that , the DVD is not specific to the pool , so some of the instructions are n't quite right . The instructions for the floor vacuum are completely wrong . The video shows an attachment to the skimmer that hooks into the vacuum . The vacuum included with this pool works differently . You hook it up to a water hose and attach a mesh bag which collects floor debris forced into it by the hose . I could n't find any instructions on this in the manual at all . Also I 'm not sure Amazon 's product info says this or not , but the pool holds 3490 gallons of water and the included ladder can support up to 300 pounds . If you 're considering a pool for your yard for a small family , this is a good one .
 We purchased this pool in the fall of 2007 and set it up in July , 2008 . Mt husband and I spent 15 hours leveling the site with shovels , picks and a garden tiller . Our soil is mainly clay and rocks , so we expected a lot of work and that 's what it took to prepare the site . We were exhausted , but our work paid off in a successful pool set-up . I think too many people have expressed their displeasure with site-preparation ! Do you bash the PAINT company when you have to scrape off the old paint , and tape-off and cover things you do n't want to get paint on ? Preparation is a matter of patience ! Sometimes prep work takes longer than the actual job itself . Such is the case with these pools . If your yard is n't level , whose fault is that ? Intex ? Not hardly . This pool was an excellent addition to our back yard . My husband , who ca n't swim , really enjoyed taking a dip after a hard day 's work . My 5-year-old learned to swim in this pool , which is priceless ! My 10-year-old lost 5 pounds of baby fat by exercising -LRB- although he did n't realize it -RRB- in this pool ! I skimmed debris while taking a dip each evening with the kids . We spent about $ 35 on chemicals to keep it crystal clear for 21/2 months this summer . Not bad at all . Admission to a local water park for ONE DAY is more than what we spent for a WHOLE SUMMER of fun in this pool ! We have carefully blow-dried -LRB- with a leaf blower & towels -RRB- this pool and put it in storage . We 're hoping to get another season out of it in 2009 , but if the pool is ruined in storage , we ca n't really complain . We 've more than gotten our money 's worth out of it ! -LRB- & Since our site is already level , it should n't take near as much time to set things up next year . -RRB-
 We had our pool for 6 years and really got our money 's worth . However , the first time putting it up was the easiest . After that , we had a problem getting it to fill up evenly -LRB- we have a level yard -RRB- . If you do n't stand inside and work the wrinkles out -LRB- like the other person said -RRB- , you will end up with a crooked pool -LRB- one side straight up , the other tilted -RRB- . We have had to empty it and refill it several times over the years . when the side goes straight up , it is much easier to collapse and pour water all over your yard . Our kids finally outgrew it , but it 's a great pool for little kids .
 My second year . Got a leak from draging on concrete and patched it from the INSIDE under water . The glue said wet ok ? I 've got water leaking from the drain plug so I 'm shoping around for maybe a new pool Or figure how to fix plug issue . Not too bad . Maybe an inch of water per day.I liked the look of the Intex because it seems to have steeper sides and therefore more swim area ? I too have a 2 in slop on my patio concrete which seems no problem for the Aqua Leisure . I have only been filling it to the top of the inflatable tube on the low side and still very stable . Kids run and jump over the edge . Side is not steep . Angles in very much ie . 11 ft inside of top tube and 14 feet outside measurement . Perhaps I need the slope due to the slop ? Filter still working . Hope to get two years . Everyone loves these pools . My absolute best hundred or two investment . Feel free to Email me with Intex info vs my Aqua.PS Keep the test strip purple all the time . White does not mean to add clorine , it means your pool will turn swamp green befor you know what happend . Tried to buy algicide but Leslie Pool guy kept saying to just triple the clorine for a while . Worked fine .
 We bought this pool last summer , and , as others are pointing out , the ground must be level . Once we had the ground level and the pool refilled , we used it for awhile -LRB- I believe about a week -RRB- and it burst at a seam.Took it back to the store and they did replace the pool , no problems.Rest of the summer went fine , my granddaughter loved it.We took it down and stored it over the winter , even though we do n't usually freeze down here.Tried to put it up recently and it has developed a leak at a seam , and somewhere in the top ring.I tried to patch the seam leak , but water is still oozing out.I 'm thinking that we might get a different pool.From reading the reviews , it seems that the quality control might be a bit lacking - either people have really gotten a good one that will last a few years , or they have gotten pools that develop leaks after 1 year or less.So , while it is a pool that was a lot of fun for the one summer it worked , personally it is too much of a hassle to deal with quality problems to buy another one , and I 'm not one for taking a chance on getting a good one to bother to try this brand again .
 I HAVE HAD THIS POOL FOR 4YEARS NOW AND IT IS WONDERFUL . MY KIDS WHO ARE 9 , 7 , AND 5 YEARS OLD LOVE THIS . IT IS GREAT FOR TEACHING YOUR KIDS TO SWIM AND GETTING THEM USE TO WATER . I THINK THE POOL IS VERY DURABLE . BUT TO KEEP IN GOOD SHAPE I TOLD MY KIDS TO TAKE CARE OF IT ALSO BY STAYING OFF THE SIDES OF THE POOL AND TO USE A LADDER AND NOT TO CLIMB IN OR OUT OF THE POOL . MY KIDS ARE NOT AFRAID TO SWIM IN BIGGER POOLS DUE TO SWIMMING IN THIS POOL . AND I LOVE IT TO BECAUSE I GET IN AND ABLE TO PLAY AND SWIM WITH THE KIDS . BUT THE BEST THING TO DO WHEN YOU FIRST SET UP THE POOL DIG OUT A FLAT AREA FIRST THEN START SETTING IT , THAT WAY YEAR AFTER YEAR IT GOES UP EASIER AND QUICKER
 We bought this pool in June 2003 for our 5 kids , and I have to say what a blast ! The kids had so much fun , but for you who do n't think that it has to be prefectly level , THINK AGAIN !!! When we first set it up , it was in the most level spot in our yard . After it was filled , we noticed how bad it was , but we thought it could wait a few weeks to be fixed . When I got around to emptying it and leveling the ground with dirt and refilling it , the damage had already been done . It weakened the sides , and by the end of the summer it was really bad ! It never exploded , but I did look out in September to see that my 2 year old had climbed over the bowed edge of the pool ! It went down that day and into the garbage ! She is fine , and we plan to buy one for this year , but we learned our lesson ! She could have drowned because of it not being level ... SCARY ! Level your pool !
 We bought this pool last year and spent the whole summer in it . We are a family of 4 and found it was the perfect size . The kids could have their friends over and there was plenty of room for all to play in it . It did take a little longer to set up than anticipated and the ground needs to be absolutely level but still worth the time and energy to do it right .
 BOUGHT THIS , SET UP , UNLEVELED GROUND ... WHOA . AND OBLONG POOL . EMPTIED THE POOL , DUG UP TO LEVEL THE GROUND . FILLED THE POOL ... WHOA . OBLONG AGAIN . EMPTIED AGAIN , DUG OUT 17 FT CIRCLE AND DUMPED A TON OF SAND , BOUGHT A LEVEL , LEVELED OUT AND PULL THE TARP OVER THE SAND CIRCLE , POSITIONED THE POOL , FILLED . LOOKED GREAT SATURADAY NIGHT OF 3/4 FULL CIRCLE . . SUNDAY MORNING WE HAVE A OBLONG POOL AGAIN . I GIVE UP . IT STRETCHED `` OVER '' THE 17FT CIRCLE AND STILL NEEDS ABOUT 2 '' OF WATER TO FILL COMPLETELY . THE ENDS ARE FULL TO THE TOP AND THE OBLONG EDGES STILL NEED WATER . FROM THE TOP OF THE RING TO THE OUTER LOWER EDGE IS ATLEAST 2 FEET OF STRETCHED POOL.I AM TEMPTED TO TAKE IT DOWN AND TAKE IT BACK . NEXT YEAR A `` REAL '' SOFT SIDED POOL.BUT WITH 100 DEGREE HEAT WE ARE ENJOYING IT AS IS .
 We bought the 12 ` x36 '' model last year and had it up all summer . Setup was as simple as level it off , stretch out the wrinkles , blow up the ring and fill . Try that with a metal pool . Water maintenance is easy using chlorine tablets in the filter ; be sure to keep it running 24x7 . Put it up again this year and was having a great time until it slowly crept downhill and exploded at the seem between the wall and the floor . Lesson learned
 The first time we filled the pool it was filled half way and the one wall was on the ground because it was off level then we had to let the water out and it looked like we had a river flowing through our yard . then we moved it to a more level spot . It is 2feet full now and it is oblong but it is good enought to cool off in . the filter works good .
 I love this pool , I have a brother and a sister and we use our pool everyday . It only took my mom and dad a little bit of time to get the pool ready for water and then we just had to wait for it to fill . All 3 of us love to float around on our rafts . We even let mom & dad come in a cool off ! They love the pool too .
 I purchased this pool last year for my family . It might only take 15 minutes to set up if you have help ... it took more than 15 minutes just to get the ground cloth the way I wanted it . Your ground MUST , MUST , MUST be level . If it 's off more than 1 inch you 're in trouble . Do n't try filling it higher than the instructions say or you 'll have one of your children going over the top -LRB- which they loved and asked if they could do again , I said no -RRB- with 100 gallons of water or so . The instructions say to run the filter for something like 5-6 hours per day . No , you need to run the filter 24 hours a day , 7 days a week . Forget the little floating Chlorine tablet thing . Go buy the small 1 inch chlorine tablets and fill the center of the filter after it 's in the pump container with the tablet . Refill every 2-3 weeks when you change or clean the filter . You can take the filter out and clean it with the hose and/or soap and water/hose instead of putting out $ 7.00 every 3 weeks for a new filter . I 've learned all this by doing it the wrong way and then talking with the pool guys and learning the right way . But after it 's all set up and going it 's so much fun , even for the adults . You just have to be committed to keeping it going . And you save water by not having to dump it out every few days .
 A fun pool and you get what you expect . Not too deep for little kids and deep enough to go under water and swim for bigger kids . However you really MUST put this on flat ground , even 2-3 inches difference in height side to side makes a big difference . I had to empty the pool and level the site after setting it up initially . Also I recommend a floating -LRB- constant -RRB- chlorine supply to avoid algae , which you can get at any pool store and run the filter more frequently than the instructions say . A little extra maintenance is worth it . My kids 9 and 11 really had fun .
 After reading all of the reviews , I want to offer a little help to those having trouble . First , this is an EXCELLENT pool when used correctly . Several times it has been mentioned that you need 100 % level ground . This is not true . What happens is that when the pool starts to fill , you MUST be sure that the bottom seams are where they are supposed to be . This is what causes probably 60 % of leaning pools . If the seams are uneven , then the pool will lean . Simple as that . It took us a while to figure that out , because it 's not extremely obvious when you 're setting it up . Secondly , I 'm sure there have been some problems with seams splitting , but I offer this ... PLEASE make sure that you have an INTEX EASY SET POOL and not the AQUA SIMPLE SET POOL . They look almost identical , but the Aqua brand is highly inferior . I have many friends who took the cheaper Aqua pools after seeing mine and thought they had the same thing . The seams split on every one of them . So , make sure you have the right brand . The most important thing I can tell you is to watch the video . You ca n't just spread it out and leave the hose running in it . The most important step is to start smoothing it out when the water gets a few inches high and then continue to do so until there 's enough water that you ca n't move it anymore . This is vital to keeping the pool level and free of creases . We have had our pool for four years and have a VERY uneven yard . We have two kids -LRB- 10 and 5 -RRB- and the entire neighborhood swims in it -LRB- I had 8 kids in there yesterday -RRB- . We 've never had a problem after the first year when we finally wised up and watched the video . The most important part of any pool is proper set-up and maintanance . If you 're willing to put in the work , the rewards are sweet .
 We originally , back in 2002 , bought the 10 ' pool . My oldest child was 5 that year , youngest child was 2 , and the three of us used the pool every day all summer long . We loved it , though it was slightly lopsided from being not perfectly level . I added powdered chlorine every 3 or 4 days we never had any trouble with keeping the pool clean . The next year we knew to set it on more level ground , so built up one side of the ground with a plywood platform . No problem ... . pool was perfectly level . We used it again all summer long . The following summer we had a slight problem , as the ring developed a leak . It actually did n't cause as much trouble as it could have , we just inflated the ring every couple of days with our electric air compressor . The other problem was that the pool was getting to be a little small for us.So , this past summer we bought the 15 ' . Knowing , from previous experience , that the ground would need to be completely level , we planned for a local contractor to drop a load of gravel . Well , as pool time approached we decided to save a few dollars , and bought our own sand . We bought thirty , 40 pound bags of white play sand at the store -LRB- $ 2.29 / bag , so grand total of $ 68.70 plus tax -RRB- . It was more than enough to fill in the low spots in the yard . We then spread out the tarp and went to work!Setting up the pool was NOT the challenge that some other people say it is . We got it spread out level , started filling it , and AS IT FILLED we continued to flatten out any wrinkles in the floor . It was filled to the top in a few hours . we then added the solar blanket that we had purchased , and waited a few days for the water to warm up.I have to say that this was easily the best purchase I have made in a LONG time ! This pool was big enough for me , my husband , and three children to actually SWIM in all summer . We again used the powdered chlorine for routine chlorination . We ended up removing the filter basket and hooking the hoses directly to the filter . It meant an extra five minutes of skimming the pool by hand every day , something I honestly did n't mind . We algae treated every couple of weeks as a preventative treatment , and the pool stayed sparkling clean all summer -LRB- with water temperature hovering right around 80 degrees , thanks to the solar blanket ! -RRB- I can not understand the challenges some people have with their pools . If you follow instructions then it is NOT difficult!I would definitely recommend this to anyone , and will purchase another , slightly larger , when all of my little ones grow.Great pool !
 This pool is great !! We read everyones ' comments , we watched the video , and read the directions before starting to set up this pool . We prepped the ground where a former pool had been . Made it as level as possible and flattened the ground out . From the time we started to lay the tarp to the time we started to fill the pool was 15 minutes . My 12 year old daughter & I set this pool up . It was n't filled with water until the next day , almost 4,000 gallons will not come out of a garden hose fast . Advice for making sure the pool is level ... pay attention to where the water goes in the pool while you are filling it . If the water evenly distributes itself , then the pool is level . If you have a bunch of water at one end and none at the other , STOP , the pool is not level . Set it up right the first time and you will love this pool !!
 HI , as a 17 year above ground 28 ft pool veteran , i am looking into getting one of these pools for our own yard -LRB- since grandma moved -RRB- . the reviews are promising . I too am concerned about the holes though . The best way to fix those kind of holes is to make a slurry of dish washing liquid and paint it on , you can use some red food coloring in it to help you make sure you dont miss a spot . the airholes will make bubbles you can see and patch . as for holes in the base there is some great underwater patch stuff you can get a a pool store , works for years ! an added bonus of the dish soap is that if it gets into the pool it makes everything go to the sides and into the filter , it 's the neatest trick . been doing that for regular maintanance for years , plus mosquitos ca n't lay eggs on water that has a soap film .
 We bought this last year in march and could n't wait to set it up come summer time . Yes , setting it up was harder and took longer than 15 minutes , but it was because I did put carpet under the pool as said by other users and found that was an amazing idea , the carpet made the bottom softer and also kept all sorts of stuff from coming through the pool . I did learn that with our 4 kids and oursleves plus anyone else coming over -LRB- once you get the pool your house is the place to be -RRB- we had to replace the filter every week NOT every 3 weeks like it says . Plus we used the powder chlorine for the first month then got smart and got a floater which for us was perfect and kept the water at the right level all summer . I would wash out the filter every other day or sometimes daily but that doesnt take long , and was super easy to do . If my kids didnt keep jumping in and putting grass in the pool i wouldnt have had to do it that often , but they enjoyed it . It provides lots of family time and even my 2 yr old would ask to go every day . My husband and I are excited to have summer come , just so we can put it up . I would recommened this to anyone that is wanting to invest the little bit of time it takes to have a clear blue and wonderful pool .
 Great pool . Owned same one for 4 years . Just threw out and buying another tomorrow but bigger . Sure , I found some small holes during the year but patched them up and was ready to go . You do have to use chemicals to keep it clear and clean , but any pool you have to . I probally spend 11/2 hours a week on upkeep but the time is very well worth it . Kids are in it all the time by themselves or with friends . I use the same filter a lot longer than recommended though but I soak in shock for 5 minutes and rinse off with a garden hose . Buy a test kit to check the water twice a week . Takes 5 minutes . My wife and I enjoy the pool too . Dry the pool completely and store in a large bin for the winter for years of fun . Cant wait till tomorrow .
 I got this pool a while ago and have been very pleased with the results . Easy instructions make this pool simple to set up . It holds about 3110 gal . of water . WARNING
 I did n't expect too much from the pool after some of the reviews I read . I was very pleased when after setting it up i had no problems with the level of the ground or the kids jumping over the fragile edges.We bought this pool for our son 's 11th bday party instead of renting the regular every year Jumpie for the kids ; the result was 8 kids inside the pool for hours , jumping , playing , splashing and being kids , and the pool was intact!After a year we set it up again . I thought it was n't going to be easy as maybe the year would affect the plastic , rubber etc. . . but it was perfect and after filling it up -LRB- this time on concrete -RRB- it was ready to go.Now there are a few things that i agree on taking care of the pool -LRB- as any other i think -RRB- :1 . the tarp if set up on grass and after a month of the pool being used , will be absolutely disgusting , smelly and before you put it away for next year you really have to clean it up with something strong or your garage will smell like it .2 . when you store your pool for the rest of the year , be sure to clean and dry your pool very carefully if not is not going to be good for the next year .3 . run the filter a lot and clean it constantly . Our experience is that after filling it up , 2 weeks passed and we did n't cover it ... the water was totally green !!! so we had to treated with bleach but I think we need a real pool treatment kit .4 . when set up on concrete , be sure is free of any rocks whatsoever ... . if not you will feel them through the bottom and it really hurts when you step on them.good luck with you pool and enjoy it as much as we have !!! -LRB- adults included -RRB-
 We love our pool ! The kids swim in it every afternoon for hours . We have n't had a single problem with it and it has lasted extremely well . We are using the same pool for our 2nd summer now .
 We purchased an Easy Set Pool last June and were initially thrilled with it . However , after storing it in our dry basement for the winter , the inferior vinyl of the inflatable ring is full of holes . We purchased Easy Set 's patch and went througn an entire roll with no luck . Every patch gave once the ring was re-inflated . We have now purchased a far superior glue/patch -LRB- Goop -RRB- and our pool is full of water and staying that way . Easy Set has only a very limited 90 day warranty . I would not purchase this pool if you hope to use it for more than one year . We 're certainly not holding our breath for next year !
 Easy setup , good instructions . Durable pool . Pump could use a little work , but overall a great value . Be aware that you will need to buy a `` test kit '' to ensure your water quality stays good and you will have to add chemicals accordingly .
 I tryed twice getting this pool started . NEED LEVEL GROUND ! I almost gave up . The third time was a charm . After I had to build a small retaining wall to level the ground perfectly ... You can not beat the price for what you have , wich is why I went through the trouble . My family loves it and I hope to get a few years out of it .
 We have had the pool for over a month now and LOVE IT . My child just turned 5 years old and we had a POOL PARTY with a few of his friends . The pool was a HUGE hit . Everything has been positive so far , except for the setup . We read all of the reviews and people advised it to be on level ground . Well , we tried to get away with that and it did n't work . IT DOES need to be on level ground . We put sand under it and leveled the ground out and then it was fine . Otherwise , just run the pump 24 hours a day and check your chlorine , etc. . It 's been great . My little boy could n't swim beforehand and was swimming under water within a week . So , it was definitely educational for our family .
 This is our third summer with this pool . We swim in it every day . It is FUN ! We have friends over alot and they love it too . We have never had a puncture . It is a little hard to get all of the wrinkles out when we 're setting it up . Never any problems with pump or filter . Learn how to keep the water clean from a pool supply store . WORTH EVERY PENNY ! This summer we are buying a solar cover .
 We set this pool up last summer . It was a little unlevel , so we could n't fill it to the max , which was fine really with little kids . By the end of the summer we had an air leak , could n't locate it , Set it back up this summer , air leak is bad enough now that we have to pump it back up daily ... not happy about that . We tried adding dirt to the lower section of the yard , but still unable to get it level . If we could find the hole , this pool would still be perfect . Pump works great still . I would recommend if not wanting to spend a lot , but OK with risk of whole pool being ruined by tiny , hidden , air leaks .
 Got this 15 X 42 pool as a gift . Was in a hurry to set it up . The ground was not level so we are off by 6 inches on one side . The top ring already has a hole or two in it.I have 3 children and they are in it every day . I enjoy it myself . We have up to 8 people a day in the pool for several hours.Have to take down the pool this week and level the area . Have to find where the holes in the ring are and have n't quite figured out the chemical levels.I think once we work out the perks of leveling , patch the holes in the ring and get the right level of chemicals , I will enjoy it even more . I do enjoy it . It 's alot of work . As far as setting it up in minutes , that 's not true !!
 This pool is so easy to set up with a minimum of work . Yard must be totally level just as the instructions say . Had our pool up and swimming within six hours . We bought this for our 5 year old grandaughter to teach her to swim . She was very afraid of water ... she was swimming -LRB- doggy paddling -RRB- in three days . She loves the water and we ca n't keep her out of the pool now . We had inground pools for about 18 years and did n't want the expense nor the upkeep . The Intex Easy Set pool was our answer ... very low upkeep and maintenance . Thank you Intex for the greatest pool ever .
 Bought this and set it up 2 weeks ago . I did it by myself since my husband is always working . It was pretty easy to set up . Just follow the DVD instructions . If you can read , you can set this up yourself . You do have to make sure the ground is level.I thought my ground was level but after putting up the pool I noticed 1 side is lower than the other . It 's a couple of inches lower but still works ok . Only a couple of problems so far . One is with the filter . I dont think it is strong enough for the pool . It 's been 2 weeks and my pool is still green . Not real green but green enough . I have spend every other day at the pool place getting chemicals but it looks like its the filter . Be careful with the sides of the pool . My niece was reaching out of the pool and fell out . She wasnt hurt just got scared . The ladder is also a little unsturdy especially for an adult . Might have to change that out , too . Overall , its a great buy and I love just floating around . Could n't be happier even with the little problems .
 I can not imagine where some of these people who write these reviews are trying to set up their pools . We moved into our house 6 years ago and did some major regrading to our yard , which was full of mounds , with a shovel and a tamper . My poor husband nearly killed himself leveling that yard . He 's NOT a contractor and it 's NOT perfectly level . But obviously he did good work . He set this pool up himself . He blew up the ring , filled the pool with the requisite 1 '' of water and began meticulously working out the wrinkles . Then , he turned the hose back on and carefully worked every last wrinkle out as it filled . Was it easy ? No . Was it perfectly level ? No . But the pool is perfect . With the proper care and work setting up the pool , it is an absolute must-by if you have children . We 've had 6 kids in there at a time , no less . And it 's wonderful . Yes , everyone has their own opinion . But I have to say , nothing good comes easy . So if you 're willing to do the appropriate , meticulous work on the front end , you 'll have a summer of fun !!!
 This pool is better then sliced bread . We are having a blast with it . We have the 16 ' . I can swim 3 laps each way-do a somersault and swim 3 laps the other way . I am exercising - and swimming several times a day with this pool.After reading the reviews-when we purchased it -LRB- for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . -RRB- from Toys R Us-I paid an extra $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . for replacement . So , if it does n't store well-next year I can have it replaced for nothing.We set it up on our concrete patio . All we have in it is a floating chlorine holder with chlorine tablets in it . The water is clear.We did put carpet underneath it-which I like . Got the carpet for free from a carpet vendor 's extra 's from cuttings.All I can say is ... I wish I 'd bought one sooner ! I have n't turned the air conditioner on once since I 've been using it -LRB- I work from home -RRB- and we 've been having a heat wave with days being at 100 degrees or more.Hubby and I set it up in a couple of hours -LRB- including laying the carpet -RRB- . So . We LOVE it ! : - -RRB-
 Money has been tight for us lately , so we decided not to get a pool . A month into a hot NC summer I could n't take it anymore and when we saw this pool on sale I caved . It is true that it takes much longer than 15 minutes to assemble , but it did n't appear to be that diffcult to put together -LRB- my husbands the one that did it -RRB- . You inflate the ring and the sides rise as you fill it , so the pool is n't really assembled until it is fully filled . We just used our backyard hose , so it took several hours , but it was n't bad . I have never owned a pool before , and if you have n't I strongly recommend going to an actual pool store and having someone show you exactly what chemicals you need and how to maintain it . I started off with a pool starter kit from Wal-Mart and I could never get the pH balance right on my own.We made the mistake of putting the pool in a very flat spot of our yard , which to the naked eye looked completly level . Because we didnt actually shovel out an exactly level spot , the pool sides rolled a little and we ca n't fill it to the 3ft depth ; however , that does n't bother us because we were n't going to fill it up much over 2 feet anyway because we have a 3 year old son and I am paranoid about drowning . So if you do want it to full depth make sure the spot is all the way level -LRB- use one of those level tools to check it -RRB- . We have had more fun in this pool than I ever could have imagined . I think I 'm having more fun now with my son than I had in a pool as a child ! We are in it everyday and it 's such a great way to spend time with the family . I like that it 's not deep because I can sit and relax in it and not have to get my hairwet -LRB- I hate pool hair ! -RRB- My 3 year old thinks this pool is awesome and we 've only had it a few weeks and more than gotten our money 's worth.I would definately recommend it for anyone out there with young kids . If your kids are older -LRB- like 9 or 10 -RRB- I 'd probably say go for a bigger pool that is deeper and kids can be rougher with and jump into , because this essentially is an over-size splash pool that comes with a filter . But for my family this pool was perfect and I 'm so glad we ended up buying one !
 Upon reading many of the negative reviews , I felt compelled to give my own review . We love this pool ! We have been using one for at least the last six summers . We have used it in three different locations , two of which were not completely level and we never did anything to prep the area before setting it up . We did not have a problem with it . We now have it on our driveway which is level , but this is due to the fact that we could n't stand all the dirt and grass the kids would drag in to the pool when it was in the yard.We have the 15 ' by 48 '' pool and it is big enough for my 8 kids plus some friends to have a great time in . Someone complained about the size and the play value , but you do get what you pay for . No , the kids are n't actually able to swim laps , but for the price , you ca n't beat it . It keeps the kids cool and happy all summer.My only problem with the pool is that it does n't last well year to year . We have not gotten more than two years out of one of them yet . This may just be the fact that we are n't storing it properly . I am getting ready to buy another because the one we had for the last two summers has too many leaks in the rim . I think the material dries out and starts to crack . We tried patching but there are just too many leaks . While I do n't mind the expense of buying another pool , I do hate the idea of throwing the old one away . I wish I could at least recycle it.As for customer service , when we did have a problem with the pump a few years back , Intex sent us a new one for free .
 Trust me ... youll save yourself alot of draining if you make sure that the ground is level ... the slightesy bit could cause your pool to colapse ... it happened to ours ... however the pool was not damadged ... we fixed the land and it was great . . my whole family and I have a ball in it almost every day ...
 I also was deceived about how quick set-up was for this pool . We bought ours last year . After filling it up we found out that the ground was n't as level as we first thought . So we had to drain it and do it again . The sides are quite durable but the thin vinyl on the bottom sucks . After a day or 2 the bottom sprung a leak close to where the tough outside wall liner is and the thin vinyl liner join . We had 2 choices , patch it with glue made for underwater use or drain , dry and the patch and wait 24 hours to refill and try again . We left it up and patched it under water . Apparently the glue softens this very thin vinyl and the whole grew to 2wice it 's size . The next morning it was empty . Although the box of glue shows this pool on the outside of it 's cover it clearly is not recommened . We returned the pool and got a new one but this year same problem . We had to empty and refill 6 times . Thank goodness I have a well to fill it . Yesterday the seam split and we lost all the water and the pool . The consept is n't too bad but the material can be improved . For a single mother on a fixed income , my children are now dissappointed and I ca n't afford to buy a new one . Good luck if you decide to try it .
 we bought the 15x42 intex in may2003.unfortunately because the weather gods have been against us , we have only been able to use the pool for 4 days-bummer ! we are now having repeated problems with the top ring !! after patching 6 or more holes , we are hoping -LRB- in vain ? -RRB- that we will no longer have to pump it up twice a day.yeah the unlevel ground has been interesting , but not as much of an issue for us as some reviewers.hoping for more `` pool days '' soon !!!!!!!
 When my dad bought my sister and I this pool my dad had fixed everything.When It was ready and we got in it but then later my mom told us to get out but my sister and I did n't want to.I think that this pool is better than the other ones we had ever purchased .
 Loved it for 2 + years but like so many others on the 3rd summer a leak in the top ring caused it to deflate every day . We could n't find the leak no matter how hard we tried . We even used the soapy water method but to no avail . It became a hassle to fill it and try to keep it clean . It provided enjoyment for the time we had it . We are thinking of getting the 18 x 48 round frame pool next . As everyone else says , make sure you do the work of getting the yard area level before trying to set it up . We were getting it a little better each year . We used sand for the ground cover , put the tarp over the sand . I hope this information helps others . It was worth it to us . We loved floating around in it on hot summer days .
 I bought this last year , so now I am on season two with this thing . I had a smaller one before this one , but I 'm glad I went to a larger pool . My 10 year old daughter and her 2 friends play in it constantly . They will spend the entire afternoon in it splashing , jumping and playing . They love it.It was OK setting up . My back yard is n't perfectly level ; there are a few low spots . So I bought a few bags of sand and filled in those low spots so that at least the perimeter of the pool will be level . I 've had no issues with that.But the filter really is a joke . I bought a much larger Intex filter and pump separately with thicker hoses and adapters so that it will fit this pool . That is MUCH better . Still , I have to leave the filter on 24/7 , but it works . I also wash out the filter and brush it . At $ 9 a piece , I would be replacing it about every 2 weeks , so it 's good that I can clean it and reuse it.I probably was n't careful when I threw it in the garage last fall because there was a tiny pinhole leak in the pool side -LRB- which I fixed easily -RRB- and another leak in the inflatable ring -LRB- which I have n't found yet -RRB- . So it has some wear and tear on it . But for a cool place to play for at least two summers , it 's been worth the cost .
 We 've had this pool for about a month and my kids literally spend hours in it every day . Even if it only lasts this summer I think it 's been worth the money but I ca n't imagine why it wo n't last for at least several years . I was a bit hesitant to purchase this type of pool after reading some of the horrible reviews but I have to say after using it for a month I agree with the reviewers who say that as long as you follow directions , it 's a great pool and well worth the money . You do have to run the filter a lot , and even so we ended up with green water after about 3 weeks , but we just drained it , let it dry out , and then refilled it and the kids are again swimming most of the daylight hours . Am headed to a pool store to buy chlorine to see if that helps too . I 'd like to not have to refill every 3 weeks . That 's the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 stars and even I 'll admit it 's not really a design flaw , just something we need to figure out how to handle better . Set up was very simple . Once we got it all spread out we just turned on the water and did n't have to do much else . Kids absolutely love it .
 I got a great deal on this pool and really love it . I recommend this pool to anyone that ca n't afford an in ground pool . This happens to be my second one . I had my first one for two seasons -LRB- a little smaller -RRB- but then I wanted a bigger pool . You can fit four rafts and still have people in the pool and feel comfortable . I highly recommend this pool !
 I 've owned 3 of the easy set pools , we get larger ones as the kids grow . This one is intermediate in size , good for the 10 year old range in our family . Found out the hard way if there is a low spot out of level by 5 inches , it will fill up and collapse , releasing 3,000 gallon of water into your yard -LRB- which is not really that big of a deal -RRB- . If its out by 3 inches it 'll work but will be very lopsided , the part that bulges out is hard to keep from getting skummy . 2 inches out of level it 's pretty good but still lop sided . I ca n't tell by eye if the spot is 3 inches out , must use a laser level and tape measure . Durability has been good , we give these away when the kids outgrow them after 3 years , and they 're still in working order . The filter is on the small size , barely adequate but it does the job . Yop ring needs 2 or 3 breaths once a month . We sit ours on a blue tarp to protect it from rocks . Grass will be D-E-A-D -LRB- as in sterile brown dirt -RRB- under this thing , good place to start a garden next year . We take it down in the winter , we need the spot to stack snow , it 's up Mid June to Oct 1 .
 It 's really important to spend the time to create a truly level surface using sand/stone dust/gravel/whatever it takes . My brother and I spent the day with a wheelbarrow , laser level -LRB- $ 29 -RRB- , tamper , shovels and rakes to create a 16 ' diameter flat area in my backyard . He 's a sales geek and I am a computer geek so we were able to do this without being landscapers so you can too.To begin with the site was about 4 '' off-level and when we were done it was 1 '' off level - good enough . That was after 5 wheel-barrows full of sand and 10 bags of fine playsand for the top to make it nice and smooth . Once we finished with the tamping , raking , leveling , etc. it really did take no time to get the pool setup . Now it 's full of water and is neither lopsided nor exploding which I credit to our site work.Now I 've begun the process of treating the water . During the first 3 days I 've had to remove the filter and clean it once in the morning and once at night . The filters are very easy to rinse out with a hose so do n't waste money throwing them away each time they get dirty.So far so good - I ca n't wait to finish with the water treatment and do the fun part - SWIM IN IT ! Just do the work to get a truly level surface up-front and you will avoid all the problems with lop-sided , 1/2 full or exploding pools .
 We loved this pool . It has been great to help teach our toddler son his kicks and pulls and he is learning to swim and has overcome his fear . In Sept we had a tree hit our house , roll off go through the fence and hit the pool . The pool survived . Now it didnt squash the pool , the top branches of the tree layed HEAVILY on the pool . Once we had the tree removed and the debris removed from the pool it is up and running ; good as new . Never even deflated it to clean it up . And we are not level , our home back ups to a retention pond so the back of our property sloops . It dropped once and we lost maybe 1,000 of the 5,000 gallons but it had rained for days straight over filling the pool . You have to keep the water below the inflated ring.I even have pictures of the tree on the pool .
 Bought this product on the recommendation of others . We knew we would have to level our ground due to a 1 foot slope from the high end to low end of the targeted placement area . After rototilling , raking , leveling , sand spreading , and more raking , we filled pool . What started out as a 1 '' difference in water height from one side of pool to the other , ended up with an 8 '' difference as the pool filled to its half point . To drain the water , using the pool 's drain plug and doing the bucket and bail method -LRB- about 3 hours and sore back -RRB- , we spent another 5 hours metisculously re-leveling the entire area . It still took multiple re-fill attempts using only 1 '' of water in the pool , then folding up pool to shift around the ground to get it absolutely right . The penalty for being off is severe . Making sure your ground is level is SUPER CRITICAL !!!!! Do not underestimate the time and effort needed to get it right ; not close , not `` it looks pretty good '' , it must be surveyor perfect!Now that all is level and the water is reaching the fill point , we are anxious to enjoy . The joys of summertime !
 This is a very good price on a nice above ground pool , especially if you are concerned about pool `` commitment '' . Unfortunately , it takes longer than 15 minutes to set up , but no more than 30 minutes . It does take considerable time to fill , but was worth it once it was full . Can not stress enough , the important of level ground . I 'm sure that we will get many hours of enjoyment from our pool and ca n't wait to get started .
 If thinking about buying this pool think about buying -LRB- in addition to the pump they give you -RRB- the larger ez set pool pump for the 18 ` x48 '' pool because the pump \ filter with this one is horribly too small an HP to keep that size pool clean and clear.I now have to purchase the larger pump since I do n't like to have to clean the pool EVERY DAY !
 I purchased an Intex Easy Set Pool for my family approx 1 month ago . This pool was trouble from the first week we had it . The problem is the material the manufacturer chose for the floor of the pool is too thin & the quality is poor . The pool developed several leaks and continued to be a problem . The pool had to be drained & dryed to repair the leaks , TWICE . If the brainiacs that designed this thing had used the same material thickness for the floor as was used on the pool sides , the product would be decent . After the third leak , I finally gave up on this waste of money , time , and water . I took it down and threw it in the garbage , done with it ! . I purchased a different brand of pool with the same dimensions . It clearly is superior in design & build quality than the Intex . The floor thickness & material quality prevailed significantly over the Intex . Junk materials & poor design put this pool & the Intex name at the bottom of my recommended list . Save your money , water , & ALOT of frustrations . DO N'T BUY INTEX EASY SET POOLS !
 When my parents told me that I can have a pool because it was getting hot.I thanked my parents like a hundred times.When my parents got it , I right away opened it and told my parents if I can set it up now and I did.There was no problems at all .
 I used to have a family pool first then I had a small intex pool.Now my parents thought that I need a bigger pool.Then I went on toysrus.com and searched under pools and found the one that I dreamed for.My parents said I can get it.So the next day my parents bought it for me.Then when I got it my parents set it up and I helped.When we were setting it up , the pool was not leveled and then I put a brick under the pool , plus a carpet.So then after that I got to go in it and invited some friends over.Thats why this is a fantastic pool .
 I have a pool like this that we bought last year . I think it is probably a fairly good pool if you take care of it . However , the levelness of the ground is a pain . We gave up last year . We also left it out all winter . I agree this was our fault . It is a pain to move and heavy if even a little water is in it . Anyway the top part got holes in it . I have been repairing and repairing to no end . I have been using liquid cement repair kits . Daily I fix it and blow it up . It has finally gone totally back down . All the water came out of it . I have given up . The kids love being in it . But at this point I do n't think there is any hope in fixing it . I think this could happen to anyones pool at some point even if you do n't leave it out all winter . A pet could poke holes in it .
 I BOUGHT THIS POOL AND IT TOOK MORE THEN 15 MIN . TO PUT TOGETHER . IT TOOK 15 MINS JUST TO TAKE IT OUT OF THE BOX . THEN I FOUND A I THOUGHT LEVEL SPOT IN MY YARD . AND STARTED TO FILL WITH WATER TO ONE INCH AND NOTICE IT WAS ONLY FILL ON ONE SIDE SO I HAD TO EMPTY IT AND MOVE IT AGAIN . AND IT TOOK ALL DAY TO FILL IT WITH WATER . SO MY CHILD COULDNT USE IT TILL THE NEXT DAY . SO IF YOU GET THIS POOL START IT IN THE MORNING THEN IN THE AFTER NOON YOUR CHILD MAY BE ABLE TO USE IT THE SAME DAY . I HAVE ONLY HAD IT UP A COUPLE OF DAYS AND THE KIDS SEEM TO LIKE IT .
 We bought this pool this year as a great alternative to the steel walled ones . IT IS GREAT !!! ok 15 min set up is not quite right it takes more like 1 hour to get everything started . . MAKE SURE YOUR GROUND IS LEVELED 100 % and also verify your fencing law for your town 42 '' does not seem that deep but you need a fence around it by law ... we have a relatively small yard the back is only 0.35 acre so the pool fits great !! also keep the filter running 24/7 for crystal clear water and put your cover on EVERY NIGHT plus add 1 '' chlorine tablets and test it everyday !!! We love it we feel so special to have this pool and my 2 year old has great fun in it !!! overall we are very satisfied with it * even considering the bigger 18Ft 48 '' next year !! * GREAT SUMMER POOL !
 Well , I did it , I finally got my pool . After growing up always having a pool in my backyard , the last 9 years has been miserable . BUT , finally I got it . I choose the Intex 15x42 for its size mainly and supposed ease of set up . Well ... the size is perfect -LRB- about 33 '' of water -RRB- just enough for my 5 year old son to be able to float around in and still be able to touch the bottom . My backyard was not level -LRB- who 's is ??? -RRB- and I leveled the ground with sand -LRB- on top of the grass -RRB- , I got it as close as I could , about 1/2 '' off completely level but its holding ok . The one thing that noone said is that to inflate the ring you need a larger than normal air nozzel . My air compressor did not work , I had to go to Toys R Us and by the `` Wet Set '' pump ... I had the ring inflated in about 6 minutes . I had to have help centering the pool and smoothing out the wrinkles but my parents were glad to help -LRB- DEFINATELY a 2 person job -RRB- . I used 2 hoses and had the pool filled in about 33/4 hours . The pump is very quiet and seems to be working well , I run it about 5 hours a day , but we only have 3 people using the pool . I also purchased a solar cover to help heat the water . All in all I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I love this pool !!! and have found that after reading other peoples reviews and their tips and tricks it made it a lot easier to set up and to maintain . I agree with the statements about the filters and I spend some time cleaning it and adding chemicals , but the kids love it and so do the adults . This is the perfect pool for those of us with a small backyard and wallet . Hopfully it can withstand the blazing AZ sun : - -RRB-
 After reading the other reviews on this page , I need to think to myself that people are ignorant , these pools are GREAT for people who do not want to spend thousands of dollars on a pool , above ground or inground . Of course you need to find level ground , after all there are a few thousand gallons of water going into these pools , you need to avoid rips and tears in the liner , you need to keep your children in line , and not allow them to jump into the pool since it just adds stress to the pool , even though it is far from a normal blow up pool , it is still a blow up pool , you can not have children that destroy their toys in these pools , unless you want to be replacing it time and time again . Take it easy on them , keep up with the cleaning , and it will be fine .
 This is a nice pool that is easy to set-up . Be sure you have a pump that works though ... -LRB- whew -RRB- take it from me.Does not include chemicals .
 I have been very impressed with this purchase . I could n't believe it came with everything . I got the pool , filter , skimmer , cover , ladder . It was so easy to set up . It was at a very low price . I am very pleased !!
 As has been mentioned in other reviews , leveling the ground is of the utmost importance . We had a load of sand delivered , but just eyeballed it till it `` looked '' level . Not so much . After an hour of filling the pool , it was obvious that the whole thing would collapse if we were to keep going . So we drained her and spent another hour or so leveling the sand . Much better the second time around . It took over twelve hours to fill and a few days to warm up , but since then it 's been a breeze . We add chlorine a couple times per week , skim it daily , run the pump -LRB- I do spray out the filter with the hose once a week -RRB- and that 's it . It 's short , so it 's not real great for actual swimming , but for the price it 's a great way to beat the heat .
 This is a great product for the money , especially if you rent a home . We purchased the item and received it the very next day !
 Bought the 15 x 42 May 2003 , easy set up , easy fill , easy drain . Filled the second time it slowly leaned further & further to one side as the kids jumped around in it . At 3:30 a.m. the neighborhood awoke to a `` KABOOM '' and a flooding due to our pool ripping apart between the wall and the bottom . 3100 gallons of water gushed out all at once watering the whole neighborhood . We are lucky the kids were not in the pool when it exploded .
 I loved the idea of this easy pool , but am extremely dissapointed that its not a 15 minute set up and the seams started leaking . My children are heartbroken . We tried the patch that was given to us and it leaked . We then used a patch from another pool place and it leaked again . I am so sad . we have filled this pool 3 times now . The ground is level we made sure of it ! Overall if the seams didnt leak it could be the coolest . And one last note the filter has to be cleaned often for it to work properly . We clean it every few days . Please help us get a replacement pool since this is a manufacuture defect.Signed , Sad family in FLorissant
 Last year we had a 15 X 36 , this year we went to a 42 In . Ground must be absolutely level . I purchased a pool hose at our local pool store . I put a small rubber nozzle on one end and put it into the intake of the blue plastic fitting inside the pool . Next I put an old vacuum cleaner rod with the stair brush attachment on it and connected it to the other end of the pool hose . This is a great way to vacuum the bottom of the pool and it really does work . Then you can take out the filter and hose it off to clean it . Make sure the hose is filled with water and then EASE the rubber gasket into the suction inlet till it starts sucking . Take your time ...
 I had this pool for a few weeks now . It 's a lot of fun and very refreshing to play in the pool on a hot summer day . I would definitely recommend this pool , but be prepared to work hard to get the ground level first.As other people have pointed out the ground must be absolutely level . My backyard has a slope of about 2 inches over the size of this pool . I thought that , big deal , I just fill up 2 inches less water . Boy was I wrong . What happens is that the water will collect on the low side and pull down the side wall there . As a result , the wall on the low side is easily more than 5 inches shorter , it 's also very unstable being nearly vertical instead of the ideal shape of tilting inwards.After the first day of use , I found a small pin hole leak on the side wall . We were able to patch it using the included kit . One person were inside the pool plugging the leak with his finger , another person glued the patch from the outside . The whole procedure took a few minutes , it was enough to stop the leak.I have no problem keeping the water crystal clear using standard chlorine tablets from a local pool supply store , although I have to skim the surface daily due to all the debris that fall on it . I leave the pump on overnight , but turn it off during the day when the pool is in use.I found it very tedious to change the filter using the method described in the included DVD . It looked like a big hassle to me , fortunately I found a much easier way to do it . I simply lift up the whole pump and put it on a table . As long as the pump is above the water level , you can open the filter cap and the water will pour back into the pool . When you are done cleaning/changing the filter , lower the pump back to the ground . No more hassle of plugging the outlets inside the pool.For a above ground pool like this , you do n't need to waste money buying a vacuum . Simply use a short garden hose . Submerge the whole garden hose under water , make sure no air bubbles are trapped inside . Plug one end of the hose with your finger and bring this end to the ground outside the pool . Once you release your finger the water will pour out . You can now use the other end of the hose to suck up the debris at the bottom of the pool . I like to do this with my snorkling gear , that way I can see under water and breath at the same time . I never had so much fun cleaning a pool .
 What great fun it has been for the kids and even the adults ! This pool has served us well . We live in a hot climate and often have 100 degree temps . We have not had any problems with this pool and are quite pleased with it !! Believe me , it is very refreshing on a hot day and I do not feel silly in this pool . We can not have an inground here d/t underground utilites and d/t association rules , can not have a large above ground either so this `` kiddie pool '' has been the answer , at least for now !! I set this pool up every spring , all by myself . I am a 5 ' 2 '' woman . No problems . It is very easy . However , I do have help lifting the folded pool back onto the `` pool area '' of our yard because it is too heavy for me to lift alone but not so heavy to spread out and remove the wrinkles . We clean and store it for the off-season . We started out with the 12 x 36 pool but felt we needed a bigger size and the following year purchased the 15 x 42 and it was just that much better for us . We are considering the 18 foot model if and when this one gives out . This one has lasted 4 years thus far and has been a decent size for us . I can easily exercise in this one while my children swim around.The ground cloth has suffered some accidental shredding from the mower but we have never landscaped the area off like we should have.The pool ring was punctured by some kids -LRB- 4-5 random pin holes -RRB- . The patch kits repaired it beautifully . Finding the holes was my real challenge . I found some dark blue duct tape that blended well with the ring color so I made little taped covers for additional protection over the patched areas . Not sure that I needed to do that but it came to me when I saw the tape in the store ... You can see the little taped areas but they do n't really stand out and the duct tape has stayed put , even in this heat.The pump still works fine . The ladder is showing slight rust around some of the screws . I would like to see wider ladders with platforms but for the low price of these pools , I doubt they 'll get fancier within the pool package and thus , will need to purchase a ladder on our own . BTW-those cost more than these pools do , so what a steal the pool packages are!The first year I had the pool ever-so-slightly off level . My child leaned on the side and the water gushed out along with my child - who thought it was so much fun , he wanted to do it again ! I think that was my fault -LRB- not level -RRB- and obviously , he was not hurt . We lost a LOT of water but the plants and grass slurped it up ! I turned off the sprinklers for a few days just in case the ground was over saturated but the ground did not stay wet past that same evening so not sure I needed to do that . The homes here are close together and if any water went to the neighboring yard , they never said a word . I doubt it was even noticeable but if so , more than likely appreciated since they have lots of landscaping.I then drained and re-leveled the pool . All was fine thereafter.Now , into the fourth year , it is still a fun time for the kids and going strong . The water stays sparkling clean . I use the net in there quite often and that helps . This has been our best summer , not having to re-fill the pool d/t dirty water but I suppose we have learned how to maintain this pool by now since every year gets easier . I use the chlorine tabs in a floater and if we get build up on the bottom we just use a piece of hose cut from an old one and syphon that out -LRB- very fast method -RRB- . We are very pleased with this one ! I hope that if we upgrade , we do not get a lemon like the customer who had the seems split apart , wow!Here , a pool ticket for the family for one season costs more than the pool so we have definitely made out !
 Purchased this pool last summer . Easy to set up and to maintain . My one year old loved it . Great to get into with your kids to teach them how to swim .
 I have the 16 x 42 , this pool is great , it does take a little longer than 15 min . but it is worth it . You do have to get it even before filling up , mine is a little lopsided but I do n't care . I saw those $ 3000.00 above ground pools blown apart like in peices after Charley , my easy set was just full pine tree branches.I was very impressed . My kids used it everyday . And so did all the other kids on the block . It was also very easy to take care of , mine has never turned green . I was pulling it out of the shed this time and I ripped the bottom , it took me a whole 20 min . to fix it . I do n't understand why this pool is hard for some people to take care of , all you have to do is keep a clorine floater in it all the time . There are actually 2 things I do n't like about mine , the covers do not fit right and the little vacuum thingy is somewhat a joke . I only paid about $ 200 for mine I am on season 2 , I think that 's pretty good .
 We bought this pool in May of 03 and it took us almost a month of stuggling to put up the pool in a level spot . The problem is that we did ` nt have a level enough spot on any of the 5 acres we live on !!!! My husband , who is an engineer brought home all the surveying items from where he works and made sure the spot we set the pool on was level . We ended up filling the pool up 2 times before we got it fairly level and we decided to leave it because of the expense it would be filling up the pool for a third time . The pool is still unlevel even though we made sure the ground was perfectly level ??? I do n't know the reason for this but we think maybe the ground settled out and made the spot unlevel ??? Anyway , the pool is up and is very durable . My 27 month old loves the pool and we have had 5 people in it at one time playing and splashing , hanging on to the sides and making waves like a big pool . We so far have found out that the pool was worth its money even though the spot is unlevel , we still have a good time in it . We also did research and listened to other comments about leaving the filter on at all times , this is a must , really ! The pool stays pretty clean and there is ` nt too much work in getting the pool to stay clean , its just like any other pool I have been around . I am very pleased with the quality of the pool and I have decided to keep this pool for next years use as well . My first idea was to get this pool and try it out for this summer to see how we could manage a pool and if we liked having one , then to get a bigger pool next summer , but now I am pretty satisfied with this one and plan on keeping it for next year too . I think you will be happy with the purchase of this pool even though it is hard to put up . However , I do n't know any pool that is easy to put up in the first place ! So if you are worried about it not lasting or holding up , do n't be , we have put ours to the test and it is still holding firm and comes to be a great enjoyment for all our family and friends that have been in the pool.I also rated this product with 5 stars for the educational value because it has helped my 27 month old too get use to the water and he is even beginning to go under water and try swimming . It is a great pool for a beginning swimmer and it is a valuable thing to learn how to swim because you never know , it may save a life someday . My husband is ` nt very happy around pools because he ca n't swim , but he likes this pool because its the right level . I also rated this product a 5 with durable , it is very , very durable ! I of course also rated this product a 5 for fun , it has been so great to get out in the very , hot heat in July and not even think about the weather in the pool because we are having fun and being able to get outdoors and still stay cool !
 This is a great pool ! I purchased the 15 ' x 42 '' pool . We have only had the pool for about 2 months and we love it . It is easy to assemble . Watching the video helps . I took the advice of another customer and purchased carpet to lay under the pool . We leveled the ground out first . I did not buy sand or anything . I simply used a square head shovel and dug up any grass and then redistributed the soil evenly . The pool stays clean with the filter . I also use the attached pool skimmer and find that it helps to get surface debris into the filter . *** Also , our pool came with a vacuum . This past weekend I vacuumed the bottom of the pool as we had some pollen/leaves on the bottom . The vacuum is great the pool is exceptionally clean . I use the chlorine tablets . I also used pool `` shock '' -LRB- liquid chlorine -RRB- for the initial chlorine application and use it every other week to keep the level balanced . I also purched an algecide . ** I do not buy a new filter every two weeks but rather every 3 or 4 as I rinse it out by hand each weekend . This is a great buy !!
 My wife and I have two little girls and we absolutely love our Intex pool . Ours is 16 ` x48 '' , which is enough room for the adults to get some actual swimming -LRB- I 'm 6 feet tall and if I am underwater I can swim around the inside of the pool -RRB- . We had a tough time making an area of our backyard level enough for the pool . It was a LOT of work , but it was so completely worth the hours and hours of yard work . We are in this thing all the time.This pool is sturdy , the setup is SO easy once you have a level location , and if you follow the instructions and run the pump , it 's pristine and clean fun all summer.If you are wondering if this is a good alternative to a permanent pool then STOP wondering ! It absolutely is !
 We have had this pool for 4 summers . Our dogs have jumped on it with no problems , our 3 children and friends have used it . Two years ago we patched 2 holes in the bottom and they held great . We retired it last summer because the bottom was getting soft and hard to get all the wrinkles out . We are buying the same one this year .
 Not sure why so many people have had problems with this pool . Only thing I can think of it they are setting it up on an extremely unlevel part of the yard . Our yard isnt completely level by any means , but its fairly level just eyeballing it.Spread the ground tarp out , inflated the ring , and began to fill . We filled the entire pool with soft water as our city water is VERY , VERY hard . Would fill about 400gal at a time , regenerate our water softner , then fill another 400gal , repeat until it was full . Thats why it took from 930pm until 4pm the next day to fill.No problems with it leaning to one side , bottom showing , collapsing , etc , that others have has . There is a very slight lean to one side , as I said the yard wasnt perfectly level . But the water is filled to underside of ring all the way around.Skimmer works well for surface debris.I bought a starter chemical kit for this type of pool , filled according to directions , and we were swimming a few hours later , after the filter ran for a few.In my opinion , people that are having the majority of problems probably dont smooth out the wrinkles on the bottom sufficiently enough . I was inside the pool -LRB- with about 2 '' of water '' -RRB- pushing the wrinkles to the sides while wife was holding the outer ring up so I could press against the base of the outer wall . We eliminated almost ALL the wrinkles , and added probably a foot of swimming area all the way around .
 We bought our pool last year , and it barely made it through the summer . The only problem , aside from the pump being too small to adequately clean the pool , was the fact that the sun deteriorated the ring around the top . By the end of the summer the pool was ruined . It was impossible to protect the vinyl because using the cover made the water too warm.There are much better pools available for the money . My friend bought one with the PVC ring , and still has it four years later . I think that I will be purchasing one this year .
 We have purchased two of these pools . This year we purchased the 18 X 48 as the 18 X 54 was not available anymore in this easy set design . The ladder that came with the pool is very dangerous ! There is no top platform , only two rungs on each side and you can see the top blow up ring and a child can step on it and slip down between the ladder and pool . Warning !
 bought the pool , easy to set up and fill . bought the salt water system to go with it . well , the sensor kept going off , which means there is air getting into the tube . got a new salt water system , figuring it was faulty . Nope , still no go . so now we have a new pump , figuring we got a lemon , and STILL no go . we 've tried elevating the pump and salt water system , cleaned out all filters -LRB- but keep in mind this has n't been working right since day 1 -RRB- ... what else can we try ??? We have this great pool sitting there , now turned green -LRB- we are using chlorine tablets in the meantime , until we can get salt water system and pump working but it 's not enough -RRB- there 's no sense in dumping in chemicals when something is obviously very wrong with this pool ! So we 've tried 2 pumps , 2 salt water systems , tried the pump without the salt water system , cleaned out everything imaginable ... what gives ? Intex has no idea at this point . I will say they 've been great at sending us new parts , but we still ca n't get it to work !!! Our poor son who is dying to use the pool and summer is almost over . somewhere there has GOT to be air getting in and messing up the function of the pump and salt water system , but WHERE ? Help ?
 I recently ordered this Intex 18x48 Easy Set Pool . The vendor shipped it very quickly and with FREE SHIPPING . Wal-mart charges $ 199 shipping for this same item . I had a few questions regarding the pool so I emailed the vendor via Amazon and within 30 minutes the phone rang . Their customer service representative was incredibly helpful and friendly . I am very pleased with the product and the service I recieved . I will certainly buy from this vendor again .
 This pool is wonderful . Yes , ground must be even , but ours is a bit off kilter and no problems ! It is easy to maintain and I think the quality is outstanding ... I was stupid enough to leave the pool up too long and an early freeze covered it with ice . The pool collapsed and I figured there would be a giant gash from the ice and I 'd have to get a new one . . my own fault , but now there it sits not a single pin hole ! We had over 100 inches of snow here last winter and many below zero days and there sat the poor pool exposed to the elements and today , still looks like new ! I just purchased the saltwater system which arrived today and I 'll be setting that up tomorrow . Now if the water would just warm up a bit ! Next year , I may give this one to the grand kids and get the larger ellipse pool by Intex !
 I just bought this pool on sale at Toys R Us for two hundred fifty dollars -LRB- 5/15/08 -RRB- . We have n't put it up yet , but we have had smaller similar pools and expect to have a great experience . I am so excited about the value of this pool for the money spent . It is totally worth it . We have fun right in our backyard so we save on gasoline ! It 's going to be a great summer .
 I debated on getting a pool or a waterslide for my 6 year old son . He wanted the pool so we got the 18X48 Intex pool . I got it home and had some trouble locating the dvd so I went online and watched the setup process . I was able to put this pool up by MYSELF ! It did take sometime , but I did it . I got most of the wrinkles out and leveled the ground pretty well -LRB- though it is about 2 '' off -RRB- . My son was very excited to use it . Unfortunately , it took almost a complete day to fill it ! I have used the vacuum once and it works fine . I also had a GFCI outlet installed for the filter system . My son has gone from putting his head under for 3 seconds to swimming underwater across the pool in a matter of days ! It is perfect for him since he can touch the bottom everywhere . I am very pleased with it and have recommended it to several people . Enjoy !
 Wonderful , wonderful pool . We have had this pool for 2 summers now and our family loves it . My daughters -LRB- 4 & 7 -RRB- get in it every day it is pretty and would live in it if we would let them . It is not too big for my yard , yet big enough to have a crowd of adults in it . It is very sturdy and very easy to keep crystal clean -LRB- if you use the right chemicals and take care of it -RRB- I am extremely happy we bought this pool , so are my kids-family - and friends .
 What great fun it has been for the kids and even the adults ! This pool has served us well . We live in a hot climate and often have 100 degree temps . We have not had any problems with this pool and are quite pleased with it !! Believe me , it is very refreshing on a hot day and I do not feel silly in this pool . We can not have an in ground here d/t underground utilities and d/t association rules - can not have a large above ground either ! So this `` kiddies pool '' has been the answer , at least for now !! We clean and store ours outdoors for the cooler months in a brand name storage box . I set up this pool every spring , all by myself . I am a 5 ' 2 '' woman . No problems . It is very easy . However , I do have help lifting the folded pool out of storage and back onto the `` pool area '' of our yard because it is too heavy for me to lift alone - but not so heavy to spread out and remove the wrinkles . I let the sun completely warm the vinyl so it will maneuver easily . Once it 's warmed , I fill the air ring and go around the pool on my hands & knees smoothing out the wrinkles and if I need to , I lift the sides at the ring , as if standing it up -LRB- it wo n't stay up w/o water -RRB- and this helps to smooth the bottom as I walk around . Then I add less than an inch of water making sure it is as wrinkle free as I can get it before filling it completely.We started out with the 12 x 36 pool but felt we needed bigger so the following year purchased the 16 x 42 from Wal-Mart and it was just that much better for us . Ours is labeled as Intex Easyset . We are highly considering the 18 foot model when this one gives out . This pool has lasted 4 years thus far and has been a decent size for us . I can easily exercise in this one while my children swim around.The ground cloth has suffered some accidental shredding of the outer edges from mowing and I have since seen some simple landscape ideas to avoid that.Our pool ring was punctured by some kids -LRB- 4-5 random pin holes -RRB- . The patch kit easily repaired it and finding the holes was my real challenge . Additionally , I found some dark blue duct tape that blended well with the ring color so I made little taped covers for extra protection over the patched areas . Not sure that I needed to do that but the idea came to me when I saw the blue duct tape in a store ... You can see the little taped areas but you could see the patched ones too and the tape does n't stand out as much . It has also stayed put , even in this heat.The original pump still works fine but my husband and I give pool cleaning a lot more attention than the pump alone can.The ladder is showing slight rust around some of the screws but is not a big problem and can be fixed . I would like to see wider ladders with top platforms for all pool sizes but with the low cost of these pools , I doubt they 'll get fancier within the pool package and thus , will need to purchase a ladder on our own . BTW-those ladders cost more than these pools do , so what a steal these pool packages really are considering what you get!The first year I placed the pool ever-so-slightly off level . Hardly noticeable but my child leaned on that side and the water unexpectedly gushed out along with my child ! I was concerned but he was fine after that and he thought it was so much fun ; he wanted to do it again ! There was nothing in his path and plenty of room around the pool that this water gush was more like sliding out of the pool verses into one . We lost a LOT of water but the plants and grass slurped it up so it was n't a total waste ! I turned off the sprinklers for a few days just in case the ground was over saturated but the ground did not stay wet past that same evening so not sure I really needed to do that.The homes here are close together and if any water went to the neighboring yard , they never said a word . I doubt it was even noticeable but if so , more than likely appreciated since they have lots of landscaping but I think the water never reached their yard.I then drained and re-leveled the pool . All was fine thereafter . I might add that I did initially fill the pool up to the blue ring and the water was higher on that one side . I believe one is not supposed to do that so perhaps that contributed to my side collapse when leaned on and we no longer do that.Now , into the fourth year , it is still a fun time for the kids and going strong . The water stays sparkling clean . I use a skimmer net quite often to remove debris and that helps . Move the water around if you do n't swim everyday , this helps . My method may not be recommended but has worked for me all these years . I gently knee the sides creating a rocking motion ... not tidal wave ! I use the 1 inch chlorinating tabs in a small floater . I have not had to shock at all this season -LRB- be careful not to over shock - please read up on that -RRB- . Our pool vacuum is n't so good so if we get that cloudy build up on the bottom we just use a 6 foot piece of hose cut from an old one and siphon it out -LRB- very fast method and NO need to suck on the hose to get that started -RRB- . We are very pleased with this one ! I hope that if we upgrade , we do not get a lemon like the customer who experienced the seams splitting apart , wow!Here , a pool pass for the family for one season costs more than the pool itself so we have come out more than ahead !
 I 've had this pool for 3 years now , never had a leak nor had the water go bad . The pool is big enough for 6 or 8 kids at a time , even my teenager loves it . The only thing is that the pool cover does n't last
 We have had 3 different pools like this . First year we decided to buy one of these we went with the smallest one . Next summer we got a larger one . This summer my mom and dad looked at this one and decided we could get it ! i was surprised at the size of this pool . one of the most difficult things is leveling your surface . It is very important otherwise your pool will spill over . we used sand to level ours . GREAT PRODUCT ITS WORTH THE MONEY !!!!! Riverside , California
 This pool is awesome ! It holds great . And is worth every penny ! Great for the summer and is a joy to behold !
 Beware
 We have had our pool for three years and it is great ! During the winter we cover it up and we have never even changed the water . With proper upkeep you could enjoy your pool for years .
 This was easy to set up . We just went swimming and I finally installed the filter and the skimmer . I have to admit that it is better than the inground pool that we have -LRB- it broke -RRB- in terms of the filtration/skimming . It 's a keeper !
 Overall , the product was easy to put together and my kids love it . The only thing I was disappointed about was the pump & filter it came with , it 's junk . When my husband called Intex he was told that some of the pumps parts where recalled . When he asked if he could get replacement parts for the recall parts he was told that the parts where on back order until the end of October 2005 . UGH !!
 We have had three of these INTEX Easy Set Up pools in the past five years . For safety reasons we decided to start with the small one and just last year our son was tall enough to move on to this great big wonder of a pool . We love it !!! It is true that it is not easy to set up but a nice BBQ and some pina coladas will surely bring in the help needed . All you really need is a little air pump to start the set up . It is heavy and it will not fill in a couple of hours so forget that ; but after it is laid out you are all set ... the pool appears the next morning , like magic ! there are no complicated floor plans , no weird poles and there is just no way you can get it wrong . BUT , remember that you want to put the hoses away from the normal walking traffic path ... it can be a serious safety issue with kids tripping or you might just mow the cord down while doing the grass . Keep this in mind if you decide to skip the set up video ; most men do n't `` need to watch the video '' , HaHaHa ! This pool is a really great investment . If you have a small yard , it is a keeper . You take the water out in the fall , leave it in place covered by a tarp and set up the trampoline right over it for fall fun . It is worth the heavy lifting and every penny ... . yourkids will love it ! Invest in a REAL filter if you decide to buya small one ... the large ones come with a good filter but the small ones come with a joke of a filter , spare yourself hours ofcleaning by buying a good filter . Your time in the pool is better spent playing than cleaning , YUK ! We loved this pool so much we have had three ... Each one a little bigger than the last ; wonder if they 'll come out with a six foot one >> > YIKES !
 Calling it an `` inflatable '' pool undermines the actual product.Very strong construction and the pump is impressive as well . Intex stresses placing the pool on a LEVEL surface and that ca n't be stressed enough . That 's where you 'll spend most of your set up time . Things went quickly after that . A compressor is best to inflate unless you want to pump for a while . Spread the bottom out while putting top ring and sides walls into the center . There was very little adjusting of the floor while filling by doing this . Screw on a couple of connectors manually and fill ! It took about 12 hours with good water pressure to fill to 5600 gallons.The vacuum included does n't work well for fine `` silt '' dirt , -LRB- seeped out of the cheesecloth collection bag -RRB- . Pump maintanence is super easy . 5-10 minutes depending on how dirty!This pool is well worth the money . Invest in a better vacuum if you are in a windy/dusty region .
 I just read through the other reviews on this pool . It seems as if some ran into troubles setting this thing up ?? I am a 30yr male and set this pool up by my self in less than 30 minutes . Now that does not include filling with water , which took around 14 hours . The top ring inflated in about 5 minutes using my large air compressor and a blow gun attachment . I have a few wrinkles in the bottom , but my pool is still a near perfect circle . The only thing I did not do was make sure the ground was perfectly level . It looked close enough so I went ahead with the set up . . The pool has been setup for about 3 weeks now , I have topped of the air in the ring just once , but I would recommend that you check this about once a week or so . I lost about 25 % of the water in the pool this morning as my chosen site is not perfectly level . The air pressure in the ring had fallen a bit and the water pushed the ring down on the low side , causing a rush of water to flow over the side . The ring lost air pressure the same way a childs large ... bouncy ball does when left in the direct sunlight everyday , not due to any holes in the ring . Now this was my fault for not trying to level the surface before setup.This product is well built , easy to setup and will provide fun for the whole family for many more years to come . I will get the tiller out and level the site next spring before setup . You could really see how unlevel my site was after the pool was filled with water ! The unlevel site actually worked out better for my 3yr old son as I was unable to fill the pool properly . He was able to stand and keep his head above water as I was only able to fill with 37in of water due to unlevel surface . This provided an adequate water level to run the filter as well.Note from another review that they had rinsed out soiled filters and reused them a second time . I will try that as well with the next filter change . The filters are -LSB- money -RSB- a pop changed every 2 weeks or less , that adds up over a swimming season.I am very happy overall with this pool purchase .
 This is our fourth year to have an Intex pool ! We started with the smaller 12x36 or 42 and have graduated to the 18x48 as of two years ago . We actually could have used the smaller one for longer , but decided that bigger was better in our case ! Ourselves , friends , and family enjoy this pool all season long . Not only is it fun for our child and our niece and nephews , but , we have adult time too alone and with friends ! It 's like a BIG hot-tub party for us , accept that we are not hot , but refreshed ! Ca n't wait to get it up and running again this spring and summer ! One more thing , we had someone get in the pool and puncture it -LRB- very small hole , and they do n't puncture easily at all -RRB- and were able to use a tiny bit of the repair kit and sealed it completely . Have n't had one problem since ! You ca n't even tell ! THIS IS A PERFECT SUMMER PLEASURE FOR ALL !!!!
 This year we purchased the Intex 18 X 48 pool to replace a 12 X 32 inch pool that we had for the past 3 years . We had to buy a bigger pool because of the zoning regulations in our community . Because the pool is 48 inches deep , you do not need a fence . That is the first plus ! My kids have LOVED this pool . It is great for my husband and myself as well . I have 3 kids ages 8,6 , and 4 and they all have a great time ! I have found the pool to be very durable -LRB- our other pool lasted 3 years and would have lasted longer I am sure -RRB- , low maintnance , and the perfect size for the kids . I have nothing but good things to say about this pool ! I did not even put it on level land and it works great . It is at a bit of a slant so that it has a deeper end and a shallow end which is perfect for my 4 and 6 year old that are only 41 inches . I highly , highly , highly reccomend this pool !
 My husband has built swimming pools for almost 20yrs . Most of the pools he builds are well over the $ 100,000.00 range . We have no immediate plans to build onwe of his companys masterpieces any time soon - mostly because we could n't afford to!We origianally purchased a 15 ' version from a pool supply company . The next day i walked into a local store and saw the 18 ' version . We bought it and cancelled our order for the other.My husband had origanally planned to set this up on his own - with my help a bit . However , two of his friends and fellow workers conveniently stopped by and helped him . We had a great designated spot already prepared . Being pool guys they all knew how important the level ground was . They eyed it and did a pretty darn good job . The pool was up and being filled within about 45 minutes of being out of the box . Again , much of the time was spent making sur the ground was well prepared and level.The pool filled from about 8pm that evening until abut 10:30 or 11:00 am the next morning . The 18 ' version of this pool is spectacular to say the least . It looks great and performs better than we could ever have imagined . I red reviews of those who complained of the time it takes to fill . I can not beleive that they swam well it was filling because of them being anxious over the filling time . Those who complained of the vaccuum that came with it might not know what they are doing and their poor results could be blamned on a full bag or dirty filter . My husband takes the filter out and hoses it down about 2x each week . He usually empties the bag on the vaccuum at least once during the cleaning process . As far as one pool turing green - they can blame that on themselves and the lackl of education they have on how to keep a pool clean . We have a crystal clear pool day in and day out , morning , noon , and night.I have to add - = and this is very important - leveling the ground for this pool is a must !! Our pool was un-level by just about 1-3 inches . Every time he looked out my husband was dissatisied with himself . We had a beautiful addition to the yard , complete with fountain , included with pool , but the water level tilted to one side . After staring at it , and the kids enjoying the pool every minute of every day , we decided that with a family party arriving we would drain , level agian and refill the pool . Not a hard task even at about 9pm at night . We drained it with a pump we had along with the drain spout in about 40 minutes . Re-leveled and had it refilling agian in no time . Up and running again by mid-morning the next day.Fantastic , durable , fun , etc. . We have just found out though that our town requires a permit for it along with a 4ft hight fence of sorts along with a gate around the pool or our yard . A neighbor called and complained . I am not sure they realize that the pool is not even 3ft deep . Not much deeper than most hot tubs found in so many yards . This pool looks and performs so much better than one would expect from it . No question in our mind that adding the fence is well worth the enjoyment we have had with this pool and will continue to have .
 I had an 18 ' one three summers ago and LOVED it ! Set up was a little hard , however I was 16 years old at the time -LRB- and I 'm a girl -RRB- and did it all by myself . You do need a big air pump and not a manual one or you will be pumping for days ! Once I got the top ring filled up I put an inch of water in it and smoothed out the wrinkles the best I could , but seeing as how I was only 16 and doing it by myself I did n't get them all out , however what few wrinkles were still there did n't really matter . It took all night to fill , but by the next morning it 's ready to go ! DO get the maintanence starter kit and put the sun conditioner in it while its filling , then put chlorine in it that morning when its full , and shock it for the first time that week . Put chlorine in it every other day to keep it clean and run the filter for at least 4 hours a day . The vacume that comes with it is a total waste and does n't work . I really had no problems keeping this pool clean , I just used the skimmer everytime I got in it to swim and went underwater with some goggles and got all the debris out with it -LRB- I 'm a total neat freak -RRB- ! DO use the cover as much as you possibly can , I recommend putting it on everynight and DEFINATELY when it rains , rainwater will make your water gross and you will have to work harder to clean it . It does take two people to put the cover on ... it 's REALLY hard to do by yourself , and it will rip if you pull it too hard . I did have trouble with the pump hose popping off once and it drained half my pool , but it was my fault . I did n't tighten the hoses to the pool enough ... I used a penny to do it like on the video , but I highly recommend using a screw driver . After that I had no more problems . And the top ring will lose some air from the hot sun , but I easily kept it filled by physically putting air into it by blowing into it everyother day . My pool did end up growing algea b/c I went away on vaction and nobody would help me by putting the chlorine in it and they always forgot to run the filter pump , so I drained it and just left it there and we ended up draging it to the side of the road to be haulded off on garbage day ... but if you keep chlorine in it and run the pump you should n't have any problems . As far as the ground being level , I recommend leveling it . I did n't level it the summer I had mine and one end was about 2 '' deeper than the other side . It was still swimmable , but every now and then , when we would pull the cover off , one side would buckle and water would spill over the top and it took some effort to pull the ring back up -LRB- and a drinched outfit -RRB- . All-in-All this was a GREAT pool for the price -LRB- seeing as how we ca n't afford an inground -RRB- . It is deep enough for aduts -LRB- at least three to four adults can tan at a time on rafts -RRB- , and still shallow enough for the younger children . The maintanence can get annoying to keep up , but it is worth it not to have to drain your pool to rid it of algea . My brother had another baby and I 'm taking care of my new nephew all summer , so we are going to invest in another one this year . We live in Lousiana and with the humidity and heat index it gets to 115 degrees in the summer , so we have to have a pool not to die of heat stoke -LRB- you know how babies love being outside -RRB- ! However this year we are either going to concrete the pool area or get some dirt hauled to have it leveled.I highly recommend this product if you take the time to keep it clean !!!!!!
 We purchased this pool 2 yrs ago & when the pool is up & running - everyone has a great time ! Before you buy - here is what can happen . You have to set the pool up perfectly level or you could loose some people over the side along with hundreds of gallons of water . Also understand that the hoses & filter are not of the greatest quality . Once the hose to the filter split & left us a nice little mess ! You can purchase additional parts like hoses through the company but that takes time and more money . If you maintain your pool on a daily basis it will be sparkling but our pool turned green after going away on vacation . We tried everything - new filter , vacuuming , chemicals & consulted with a real pool professional who said we were doing everything correctly but said the filter was of poor quality & it would take some time before the water cleared up . So , we drained 3/4 of the water again & invested more money in a bigger filter . We have n't had any problems since ! Otherwise , aside from all of my complaints , once this pool is up & running , it 's so much fun ! We are in it everyday & all the kids in the neighborhood love it too ! One fun thing to do is to have everyone make a whirlpool before getting out & all the dirt goes in the middle of the pool , scoop up the dirt with the skimmer & you hardly even need to vacuume !
 THIS POOL IS VERY LARGE !! ESPECIALLY FOR VERY ROUGH CHILDREN TO PLAY IN . I AM OVER 5 FEET AND THE WATER COMES TO MY MIDDLE STOMACHE . THE POOL IS VERY DURABLE ! SOME KIDS WERE OVER AND PLAYING AROUND ON THE EDGES AND IT STILL DID N'T BREAK !! ONLY A LITTLE WATER SLOSHED OUT OF THE TOP . ALTHOUGH I WOULD N'T RECCOMEND THAT CHILDREN CLIMB OVER THE EDGES I 'M JUST SAYING IF THEY DO ... ITS OKAY ! ALSO THE LADDER IS GOOD ! YOU CAN EASILY CLIMB IN AND OUT OF THE POOL WITHOUT THE WORRY OF TIPPING ! ALSO , KIDS MAY WANT TO JUMP FROM THE LADDER INTO THE POOL , IT DOS N'T BUST ! -LRB- BUT I 'M SURE AFTER A FEW TIMES OF HARD JUMPS , IT WOULD -RRB- MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT ONE MORNING WE WERE GOING OUT TO PLAY IN THE POOL TO FIND THAT KNIFE MARKS WERE IN IT . YOU COULD CLEARLY TELL THAT THE POOL DID NOT BUST !! SOMEBODY CAME AND SLICED IT OPEN IN THREE OR FOUR DIFFERE N'T SPOTS.SETTING THE POOL UP :1 . SPREAD THE POOL OUT WHERE YOU WANT IT TO BE WHILE IT IS SET UP . -LRB- GET ALL THE WRINKLES SPREAD OUT . -RRB- A FEW ARE OKAY . JUST NOT BIG BULKY WRINKLES SHOULD BE IN THE BOTTOM .2 . BLOW UP THE NAVY BLUE RIM . -LRB- THE TOP EDGES -RRB- 3 . PLACE A WATER HOSE IN THE POOL AND JUST LET IT SET . -LRB- OVERNIGHT IS PROBABALLY AN OPTION . -LRB- ONLY IF YOU SET IT UP AROUND 3-6 P.M. -RRB- -LRB- CHECK ON IT OCCASIONALLY -RRB- *** YOU WILL KNOW WHEN IT IS FULL BECAUSE THE RIMS JUST FLOAT UP WITH THE WATER AND THEN THE WATER FILLS THE POOL . -LRB- ONLY LET IT FILL UP TO THE BOTTOM OF THE RIMS -LRB- NAVY BLUE EDGES -RRB- ! -RRB- 4 . WHEN THE POOL IS FULL TAKE OUT THE WATER HOSE AND SWIM !!! *** WOW IS N'T THIS SIMPLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS AN AWESOME POOL !!! ESPECIALLY IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO FOOL WITH AN INGROUND POOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I RECCOMEND THIS POOL FOR ANYONE WHO CONSIDERS BUYING THIS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 We were back and forth on whether to purchase this pool or not . I had read all the online reviews and if you have read them you know that there are varying opinions . We knew from the start that this pool was a temporary until we install an inground next year so we decided to try it . We purchased the 18 x 48 about three weeks ago and we have not regretted it for one day . Let me say this is pool is a lot of work as most pools are , but it is the sacrifice we pay to make our kids happy , right ? The pool is very easy to set up , but you MUST make sure your ground is level , we used sand and leveled the area where we put the pool . I can not stress this point enough . It took us one complete day just to get the area ready but it is worth it , so take the time to get it level if you do not the pool will easily spill over . After we got the ground level the set up was pretty simple . It will take at least two people to get it spread out and all the wrinkles out of the bottom . It took about 18-20 hours for the pool to fill but we have low water pressure . The pump is a little small for this pool but if you keep it maintained daily it will be fine . EVERY day we have to clean out the screen in the pump because it gets covered and it will not pull the water through . After the first few days that we had the pool , I called Intex because I thought that we had gotten a bad pump and the rep. told me to check the screen and I discovered that that was indeed the problem . If we wash the screen it day , we have no problem with the pump working great . We also wash our filter out everyday and you will want to make sure to change these about every two weeks as suggested . The skimmer that comes with the pump works really well at keeping surface grass and stuff out . The video and instructions recommend that you run the pump 4.5 hours a day . That is really not long enough to keep the water circulated enough to keep the pool clean . We run ours 10-12 hours a day . To keep the water clear we purchased one of the floating things that you put the chlorine tablets in and we keep it filled up all the time and we put about 2 ounces of algecide in about every 2 week . Our pool stays crystal clear , we have had no problem with the water . We never cover the pool and it has gotten rained in several times . We plan to take in a water sample every two weeks to our local pool store just to make sure everything is in balance -LRB- First one was great -RRB- . If this is the pool that fits into your budget or if it is a temporay fix like it is for us it is wonderful . Our kids are 5 and 10 and they are in it everyday for hours . It was a great investment for us . We get in it too , it is perfect for laying out . It can easily fit 2-4 adults plus several kids . Ours had 9 kids in it yesterday . We love this pool . If you do not want or have time to do a daily upkeep that takes about 10-15 minutes then you probably do n't need to waste your money . This pool can be what you make it .
 We really enjoyed our pool the first season . It was kind of hard to take down and store for the winter and then kind of a pain to set up again . It was impossible to get all the wrinkles off the bottom while filling with water . The worst part of owning this pool is trying to keep it clean . You do n't have the equipment to clean it like you would with an in-ground pool . The filter just ca n't keep up with the demand and the replacement filters get pretty expensive . But , if you want a pool that lasts for a couple of seasons , this is the one for you .
 My fiance and I bought this pool in May of 2004 and are using it again this year . We live with my parents right now and since they did n't want me to buy a pool that was going to be a perminant thing in their yard we decided on this . We have the 12 x 36 and love it . It still is in great condition even though its not totally level its only off 1/4 of an inch on one side . We only had two times where we had trouble with it collapsing . Once last September right before the fall and once this year while we were away on vacation due to the ground not being level . After it fell this year we re-leveled the ground and have not had a problem since . Our filter is still running great and I barely have to vacuum it since we brought the debris catcher this year that hooks up to the filter . It makes a huge difference . It was only $ 19.99 and I think I bought it from Intex directly . If we are still living here next summer I think I might invest in a bigger pool since now my mom and my sister are starting to use it more there is n't enough room for 4 adults to be floating around on rafts all at once .
 We have had our 18 ' X 48 '' Easy Set pool going on our second summer now . I can not stress how important leveling the ground is -LRB- we worked dilligently and it is less than 1/4 '' off -RRB- . We have had a couple of friends who did not spend the time leveling and the weight of the water leaning to one side will eventually split the pool ... sometimes in as little as a month . If you do n't want to take the time ... do n't waste your money.The first summer we had almost no problems ... this second summer we have had to replace all the hoses because they had cracked -LRB- only spent about $ 20 on these -RRB- . The plastic housing on one of the valves on the side of the pool that opens and closes to allow water out of the pool to the filter cracked ... it was still usuable but it is a very flimsy design ... it cracked at the end of the first year of use.Also , the top ring has somehow gotten some pinholes that we can not find to repair . It is still usable ... we just have to fill the ring with air every day or two.The filter does not seem to be doing as good a job as it did last year despite me changing the filters every two weeks as recommended . Also , I do recommend buying all the filters that you will need at the beginning of the season as they are harder to find at the end of the season . Other people have mentioned this in their reviews.We bought our current pool on clearance at the end of the year and ... All in all ... now that it is the end of the season and they are reduced to $ 300 at Walmart ... I will buy another one that i hope will last the next two summers . If you look at it this way ... what is $ 300 for two years of constant use that we got out of this pool.The ladder has been pretty durable and the sides have been very durable ... the kids have definitely gotten their money 's worth from this pool
 We purchased this last year , we really want an inground pool but ca n't afford it for a few more years so we were hoping to get 2-3 years out of this one in the mean time . We have a 10 year old and a 2 year old and they practically live in it . We had some difficulty setting it up last year but this year it seemed to REALLY be ready for water in 30 minutes , just like on the box ! We did have to buy a new filter this year but we did n't read the directions last year and ran the thing all the time and did n't shange the filter cartridge often enough . I even called HTH -LRB- the chlorine people -RRB- this year and they said running the filter approximately 4 hours per day was plenty for this size pool , so we are hoping to not have that expense again next year but all in all , I think this is wonderful and would recommend it highly !
 Well , we had to put this on some rough , aggregate concrete that we can see now was not absolutely level . Probably off by about 3 inches , but it still works fine . Water comes half way up blue ring on one side and a couple inches below it on other side . To add extra padding we bought carpet padding -LRB- hundred $ -RRB- to put down first , then covered w/ground cloth . Impossible to get wrinkles out on pool floor but it actually gives ur toes something to push against as pool is slippery . We hooked up our 50,000 btu hot tub htr . to it with pvc pipe running across our concrete and now have 86 degree water . Its heaven .
 I bought an 18 ' x 48 '' Intex easy set pool and now have discovered that there is no vacuum capabilities . The vac that hooks to garden hose is not working for tree pollen or silt . The mesh bag just stirs it up and a finer mesh bag does same . I contacted Intex and they told me they didnt make such a device , Their pumps can not be used as vac , there is nothing to catch larger debris from getting inside motor and screwing it up . The man at intex told me to go get an Aguabot robot cleaner . Im sorry but you could buy 4 , 18 foot pools for the price of this Aquabot . around $ 900 to $ 1400 a peice . LOLOOLL The pool only cost $ 350 !!!! And obviously thier pool is not compatable with `` real '' pool pumps that are equipt with this PRE-pump debris strainer . So my question is How do you get the pollen out of your pool with out drianing all 6000 gal . of water everytime it rains ? I guess ill hafta engineer a strainer rigged on a vac pole or something . So far I have invested over $ 150 in vac equipt and nothing hooks together with this thing to make it work .
 This is the second easy set pool I have bought . I liked the first one so well we upgraded to the larger one . The most important and time consuming part of this pool is the set up . You absolutely must , I mean MUST have a level location to place this pool . If your location is several inches off level you will end up with an oval and your pool will not fill evenly . Once we figured that out , the hard way , the pool set up beautifully . It took several hours to get that large of a circle level but we finally did it . Another important step is , as the bottom is filling , do your best to get all the wrinkles out and smooth out the bottom . This will help make sure the pool is even and fills evenly . The work is well worth the reward .
 I realy like the pool it is a lttle hard to clean the pool but if you check all of your filters . you should be ok . there is one inside of the pump that can be a little hard to get out and clean . and the reg filter . It took me forever to figer out the problem but I got it now . the other tip is to make shure the ground is level if not the it will spill over and you will need to sart over again . That can suck . just remiber to watch all kids around the pool . Good bless us all
 We 've had this pool up now for over two weeks , it is GREAT !!! Yard preparation takes the biggest part of the time . We are around a quarter of an inch off on one side , but the pool is staying up just fine and it is n't very noticable unless you know it 's off . If you can stay under an inch being off , I 'd say you will be fine.The ladder is n't the steadist one out there , but it does the job . I am very surprised how much dirt the little skimmer does pick up.Every three days we have had to add a little more air to the ring . The cover can be a pain the neck if one person is putting it on , two people can easily remove and put it on . I read a review where someone said that the cover heats the water up , not true in our case , the water will be warmer an inch or two down , but then cold after that.We are definetly getting our monies worth out of this pool !
 july 2006 : i wrote my original review below last summer and thought i would write an update as we have put the pool up again for our second summer . it 's still terrific ! we looove this pool ! it 's so durable and easy ! we actually were a little lazy this year in putting it up so it is on uneven ground and a bit lopsided ! but the pool does n't seem to care ! it stands up well . we bought a solar cover and the water gets very warm ! soooo happy and amazed with this pool ! ************************** august 2005 : I have always wanted a swimming pool - this may not be the inground pool I always dreamed of , but it is enough to keep me happy until I can afford the real thing ! We are having SO MUCH fun with this pool ! I am amazed by the clever design . It seems very durable and it has a ton of wonderful accessories . It does take more than 30 minutes to set up - and it took us over 30 hours to fill with water -LRB- however , we do have low water pressure -RRB- . Our ground has a slight slant , so we used some sand to help level it . Even after the sand , it still has a slant , but the pool went up just fine . The manual says it can tolerate over 2 '' difference in ground level - I think we are a little more than 2 '' off and it is working great ! My husband and I love hanging out in the pool - we feel so refreshed an rejuvenated afterwards - it has increased the quality of our life !! I highly recommend this pool !
 Oh , i love this pool , it ` s sooo big . You just got to buy it !!!
 We purchased our Pool on Firday night and we were swimming by Saturday afternoon . One HUGE suggestion is that you completely level the area where the pool will go . My kids love the pool . I love the peace of mind that I get knowing that they are having fun and are safe but most importantly that they are leaving me alone about wanting to go to the beach all the time because they are so hot . We have bought all the floats and the kids could n't be happier . The pump is not the best but I have made cleaning out the pool a chore for my 11 year old . He does n't complain too much . We do n't use the cover all that much but I guess we will start when Hurricane season starts .
 I think that this toy is fun and is educational because it can teach you swimming good what i mean by that is it can help you learn to swim like a pro if you practice hard enough and it can cool you off on one of those hot spring/summer days.Thats why i like this toy/pool !!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this pool for my 6-year-old son , because he loves to swim . First of all , it was a royal pain in the neck to set up -LRB- see other reviews about the air pump -RRB- . We finally got it set up and he was able to swim for about a week before the inflatable ring started leaking . And not from just one spot -- it popped more holes in it than a chunk of Swiss cheese ! My husband was furious because he could n't patch all of them up -- as soon as he fixed one hole , another appeared . All in all , a complete waste of money .
 Since my friends are coming over for a pool party I tell them to hold your breath before going in , because you go under water.The friends that I 'm inviting knows how to swim.My friend Julieth is bringing her sister to my party so I 'm kind of scared that she might drown but Julieth will keep an eye out for her sister thats why I 'm not that worried.I have advice for you to watch little kids in big pools .
 This pool is a 100 % durable pool.It 's great for a pool party.My friends are coming for a pool party and they do n't think that this is a 18 ` by48 '' . If your pool is broken then your in manuffacters warranty and company 's . I hope you enjoy your pool like I do .
 This pool is awesome for the price . The hardest part of the set up was leveling the ground surface . But after a couple of hours we had a level space and now have a perfectly level pool . Any one who gives this pool a bad review because it is `` not level '' ... it is simply a matter of you did n't take the time to get the ground level . My children swim for hours and have as much fun as they would in any other above ground pool out there . The filter works great . Havent needed to use the vacuum yet so i ca n't attest to that ... but overall we love our pool ...
 Our family is on its second easy set pool ; our first is across the street with a `` younger '' family , after 2 years of heavy use by us . We went bigger this year because we have one more child , and our `` olders '' outgrew the first one . This is big enough for perimeter laps -LRB- my arms do n't hit the bottom while `` crawling '' -RRB- , so we adults can swim for fitness . The 9 and 7 year olds are in it from 10 a.m. til 8 or 9 p.m. , if we let them ... there 's plenty of room for friends . We can have the baby in her floatie tube , and the big kids jumping off the ladder -LRB- feet first only ! -RRB- do n't disturb her.The filter/pump is heavier-duty on this model than on our littler one , and we may look into buying a separate 11/2 hp unit next year for better and more effective water circulation . You 'll probably need a floater dispenser for your chlorine tabs , and buy a few of the filter cartridges early in the season , as they become scarce later on . We re-use ours a number of times , just rinse them thoroughly with a pretty strong hose stream.Set up was as we expected , having learned from our first pool that level is key , and you will have poor results if you are n't within a few degrees . You will be able to swim , and the pool wo n't look bad , but it will be unstable -LRB- we awoke one morning last summer , to find that the `` low '' side had buckled under after a heavy rain , and our pool was half empty ! -RRB- This pool holds almost 5500 gallons of water , so you do n't want to run the risk ; a child hanging over the side can cause the same result -- level , level , level ! You may also want to consider having your local fire company dump a tanker or two of water for you -LRB- ours asked a donation of $ ... per truck -RRB- , since the capacity is so large , a hose takes a long time , and may well cost more with your local water company charges!The ladder is adequate for average people , if anyone is markedly overweight , use caution ... the ground cover is also adequate , but the debris cover needs to be handled with care , as it is n't as strong as one would like . The vacuum is nearly worthless , we use the $ ... hth brand pool vac we got last year , for much better results.Definitely use algaecide , and chlorinate/shock faithfully , as an algae bloom in this pool is a pain to resolve -- we filled this pool on a Friday , and by the time I got home from work the next day at 3 p.m. , it was light green already . I 've found that using the cover definitely beats NOT using it , for easy maintenance.Overall , we 're thrilled with this pool , talk it up big with all of our friends and family , and will be using it for a few more years , at least .
 great pool and lots of fun . Ca n't use it now because our town requires a fence for this pool because it is over 24 inches of water and the side make it easy for a child to climb into . You might want to check your town codes before buying and setting up . Towns are getting much stricter on these pools now that more and more of them are being put up .
 First off , this pool is the best excercise and fun for the money . I get to actually swim in this monster-size ` kiddie pool ' and get a cardio workout as well as strengthen and tone my arms and legs . It sells for $ 400 all over the place so if you get if for less , nice job . The setup did take 30 min . but I ca n't stress enough about making sure of two things to save the bottoms of your feet
 This will be our third year with the pool . My father borrowed an air compressor from the gas station , and a little bit of water leaks from the filter but its no big deal . The kid with the holes in pool must be pretty rough on it or have pointy objects in the pool because we jump over the side and climb out over the side all the time and have never gotten a hole in it . As long as the ground is level this pool is a snap to put together even if you do need to screw in a couple of screws , big deal ! It 's tons of fun . In the winter you roll it up and put it back in the box . If you had an above ground pool , you 'd have to leave it up all winter and look at a covered pool . Then you 'd still have to put the filter away ... But some people are never happy unless they are complaining !!
 We got our first one 5 years ago 12x36 . Just had to cover it over the winter here found placing a round float under the center of cover keeps out alot of debrie . I hose off the cartridge every few days and reuse it a couple months , I would put 5 , 1 '' chlorine tablets in the center of the cartridge in the filter then did n't have anymore spills where your looking for tablets on the bottom like with the floating dispensors . After the 4,1 / 2year mark I did get a couple pin holes in the top ring . Just bought `` blue magic '' glue for vinyl waterbed mattress , from walmart covered the hole spashed with water for a couple minutes leak gone , the water dries the glue.You can now buy the skimmers the hook up to your filter and hang over the side into your pool . Look at walmart.com thats where i got mine . Since i put out alittle more money on the larger one went ahead and poored a cement slab to go under the pool for levelness.I Also called my water company told them how much water to fill the pool and they took off the sewage for that amount of water which is alot of your bill . This pool is great watch my neighbors fuss and fight with their hard sided pools , not to mention paying 700 dollars just for set up , while i am floating and enjoying mine . Plus this was what the doctor ordered for exercises after injured in auto accident . So buy and enjoy you wo n't be sorry .
 We purchased this pool at a local store to save on the shipping as the box is really heavy . Make sure you have help getting it out of the car when you get home and a hand truck to move it where you need it if you are like us and can not drive your car to the spot that you wish to put the pool at.After reading all the reviews good and bad we decided to go with the 18X48 set . Our choice to purchase this for our kids comes from the increasing costs in gasoline and pool membership rates . Normally during the summer months I put 40 miles a day on my car driving the kids to and from the pool . With gasoline prices on the rise again I figures we could save the driving and have fun at home . Not only that with 3 kids , at the end of the week the snack bar bill at the local pool gets to be very high . This pool for us will pay for itself in just a month of use.You de need a very level spot to place this pool on . We spent about 2 day 's making sure the land was free and clear of debri , rocks , stumps and stuff like that . We used a soft mulch to form a bed to put the tarp on . Sand has a habit of shifting and mulch is a lot cheaper.Setting up this pool from the box to time to start filling only took us about an hour . It was really simple with 2 people working together . We put the hose in that night and the next morning wow we had a pool!The pump to me is weak at best and I figure we will be looking for a larger one before this is over . But it does run quietly . Being the pollen is really bad this year we are currently running our pump full time . We live in a very heavy pollinated area of the country.The ladder is weak . Not very wide and the had bars wiggle too much for my comfort but that can be easily fixed with some epoxy glue in the inside and remounting them back to the ladder.Make sure and get a 4 way kit to measure the levels in the pool water . You can find them fairly cheap and in the long run they will help you save money by knowing the levels and knowing what to add to the water to make it safe . The books that come with the pool and the video do not really talk enough about what to add and when so make sure and do plenty of research so you are not swimming in water that can make you sick.All in all we are really happy with this pool . One cool thing you can look for when out at wal mart is the disco ball . They are pretty cheap and make for a lot of fun for nightime swimming.We set up a patio set close to the pool , set out some tiki lamps , a bug lamp and a few solar lights and we have a cool place to play during the day and a nice romantic place to escape to at night when the kids are asleep . Nothing like having a nice glass of wine out by the pool on a nice night .
 This is our 2nd Intex pool bought 12 ' round first year they came out used 2 years and then went up to 18 round and this is our 3rd summer for this one . We chose a failry level spot and we have put carpet padding under one year which was great , but we just have ours on the ground and have had no problems . The only thing with these pools is cleaning and maintenance . As the pump and filter are small this require time and ingenuity.My best advise to anyone who has these pools is to meausure the filter and go on line to a pool supply or into a pool store and purchase a good filter . The ones intex make are not pleated enough and the paper is not thick enough to do a good job . I buy a nice filter for about $ 35 and wash it out every 3 to 5 days with my water hose and I can use this same one all season . I have also learned over these 5 years to put my cover on my pool , espeically when it rains . Rain will definitely mess up teh chemical solution . It also is great to use a floater as these pools are so shallow that the sun tends to burn out the chlorine very fast . I also have a lot of trees and when we are done with the pool at ngith , I put in my chemicals and cover the pool . This saves on debris.I also purchased about a 8 ' section of small hose and use the pump to vaccum the pool . The best way is to walk around the pool in a circle going the same way for about 5 minutes . Me and the kids make a game out it and race . Get out and let the water settle the whirlpool effect will make most of the dirt go to the middle of the pool , then you can use water hose vaccum or use the pump and a hose to vaccum this out.Of course if you use the pool pump then you will need to clean the filter after you are done . I also cut a small square piece of filter that you put in your heat registers over the hole witht a rubber band that the water goes back into the pool thru in the filter housing and this will keep the big debris from going back into the pool if you use the pump as a vaccuum.This is our 5th summer with one of these pools and hope this info will help someone else .
 We use to have the 15 ' x 36 '' pool . It was so hard to change the filter , you needed a screwdriver every time . This pump has a new valve you can turn off the water flow to the pump so you can change the filter . At Toys R Us it came with everything , the pump , ladder , skimmer , sprayer , and a cover . The kids love it .
 We have had this pool for a week now . It 's been great entertainment for myself and my 2 girls -LRB- 11 and 2 years old -RRB- . Like others say I also recommend having it on level ground is the most important thing to know . We started to fill ours and realized it was n't on level ground , had to empty then adjust and refill . NOTE
 This is the 3rd easy set we 've owned . As they get bigger they are less tolerant of uneven ground . For this one , I used my mini excavator to level the spot to within 1/2 '' , put it on a 20 x 24 blue tarp , and took a week to put the 5,000 gallons of water in . Looks just like the one in the picture , very stable , weighs 40,000 pounds . Previous smaller ones were lop sided as I did n't level the spot , had a 15 footer collapse when it was 5 '' out of level -LRB- came home and the pool was drained -RRB- I use my laser level with a tape measure , as over an 18 foot area I ca n't tell 3 '' of slope , which will likely cause major problems for this pool . These are impossible to move with more than an inch of water in them , so it needs to be correct from the start . Inflatables work well for us as they go up in spring and come down in fall , the location is used to stack snow in the winter . Ca n't speak for the filter on this one yet as it has n't been up long enough . There are some knock offs out there , ca n't speak for those , but the intex 's have been good . Got this one for 279 + tax landed from -LSB- ... -RSB- , store pickup . Tried an amazon vendor , they wanted 250 shipping which was a deal killer -LRB- more like an ebay trick ... -RRB-
 I have 10 kids . we have used this pool since 2001 . We have replaced it once and will probably have to replace it again this year . The first time we replaced it was due to a move where the lining got damaged . the kids are in it all summer and we are constantly cleaning it just as if it were a regular in ground or above ground pool . The difference is we can afford it ! Yes the parts are cheaper and have to be maintained , repaired and replaced ... oh yes that is right , you have to do that with other pools too !! We have replaced the pump more often than we would like , but the parts are cheap enough that the value is worth the extra . Until we can afford to do an in ground pool like we want , this will be our pool . It holds up and it is a great value . I highly recommend it to any family out there as long as they realize you have to maintain the parts , replace the pump periodically and do the usual maintenance on the pool . It does not keep itself completely clean . We love it and it have kept 10 kids happy and cool through the long Georgia summers and sat through the Georgia winters waiting on the next year for years with us . So ignore the negative review in this and realize they are just not accepting the value they got and appreciating the pool they have ! Enjoy !
 This is the 4th year that my family has used the pool and we could n't be happier . Very easy set up -LRB- ground must be level -RRB- , durable product and a great value . After 4 years , everything is still in perfect working order . Here are a couple of recommendations should you decide to buy . 1 . Replace the cover with a solar cover . You can find this at any pool store or online . It keeps the pool clean and let 's the sun heat it up . Many a night after the kids have gone down , the wife and I will jump in the pool and enjoy the 85 degree water . 2 . Pressure wash your filters . The first year I was replacing the filters every few weeks which can get expensive . Year two on , I started buying 2 filters at the beginning of the season and pressure washing them when the get dirty . This works like a charm . 3 . Buy the Intex salt water chlorinator . With all the chlorine and chemicals we were putting in the pool , it would irritate my kids eyes , turn their blind hair green and was pretty harsh on their swimsuits . Since I installed the salt water chlorinator , I just add the required salt to the pool at the beginning of the season and no more need for chlorine . Kids can now swim with no problems with their eyes , swimsuits or green hair . 4 . Set the filter and chlorinator on a timer and you never have to worry about making sure the pool stays clean or chlorinated . Anyways , great product and great price . I think I picked mine up at Wallmart for $ 279 . the price here seems a little high .
 I bought the 48 '' easy set pool . These are wonderful products
 I LOVED THIS POOL !! WE HAD ONE LAST SUMMER AND PLAYED IN IT EVERY DAY !! KIDS IN IT WERE A 8-11 1/2 . AND BELIEVE ME IT WENT THROUGH ALOT !!! ESPECIALLY WITH PEOPLE JUMPING OVER THE EDGES TO DIVE IN . BUT ONE MORNING WE WERE AWAKENED THAT SOMEONE HAD CUT HOLES IN IT . AND SURE ENOUGH THERE WERE KNIFE SLITS THROUGH IT . BUT I HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS POOL !!!
 This is an exceptional product , I see in another reveiw that they have rinkles , well so did I the first year , I took my time putting it away and more to set it up this summer , No more rinkles , ... The filter pump is not the best , Design is the problem as far as I can see , It filters the water at midrange , to bad they could not have come up with some type of skimmer insted , But in all this is a excellent pool for the cost , ... But well woreth the money for those hot summer days , Well enough about my experience , how about you ?
 The Intex Easy Set Pool -LRB- 18 ` x48 '' -RRB- is a great pool ! I am so glad that I purchased it and the kids love it . Also , it is very durable and it has n't ripped or torn . Awsome pool and great value .
 i luv this pool sooo much fun . the only thing is leveling it and thats kind of a pain but overall its great !!
 This pool is fun.It gies yoy a lot of space to swim.It 's not easy to set up as you think it is.It 's easy , if you have a problem with your pool you will be under manufactures warranty and company , and you just give the pool back and you will get a new one.This pool was water fun .
 We enjoy the pool but were completely upset with regard to the shipping . It was suppose to be delivered between the 25-27 . We actually had to call several times to find out where it was at and did not get the pool until August 1st . Like I said we sat around on our days off from work waiting on it , it did not show so we started calling everyday no one would call us back . We will never ever order again because of this ... . You should be better with delivery for such expensive purchases . We will tell our friends about our problems obtaining the pool ...
 I really like how big my pool is 18 '' deep but i wish you made pools that are a lot deeper !!!
 This is a very durible pool . And just like in my title : Calling it inflatable is underestimating it , itt 's the truth , I mean my aunt has a built in pool in her house and her pool is a rip off ! But this pool is great sure you have to clean the filter but it 's worth it ! It only takes about 5 to 15 minutes to fill it up ! It may seem like a lot to you but really , when you think about it it 's not that much for the fun you 'll have when it 's filled up ! It is preety deep but not that much but I think that 's a good thing because it 's good for my little cousins . I might just be a ten year old girl but I know my pools and this is definetly one of those few pools on the market worth waiting for !!!
 This is a great pool . Easy to set up , it does n't have to be perfectly level . We are a family of 4 - a son who is 12 and a daughter who is 21/2 . We all enjoyed the pool for the first half of the summer . Except when the algae comes . The filter pump does not do the job it should . We have the 18x48 and the 520 pump . I spent a fortune on pool supplies and nothing helped . When I called Intex , the girl told me they came out with a new pump model called the 520R model , which is made for the 24 foot pool , which is now sold with the 18 foot round pool . You have one year to get a replacement , free . I was over the year warranty by a few months and they would n't budge . It would ohterwise be a great value if they would honor their customers and upgrade the pumps .
 I just got this pool a couple weeks ago at a local Toysrus . There were not many left , but if you want to pay for shipping you can get it any time online . I had a pool like this but it got a leak in it , so we had to throw it out.The pool that we threw out lasted two seasons so it was pretty good for the price . I am hoping this one will not leak . -LRB- It leaked because I kept kicking off the side -RRB- , so if you dont kick off the side it will probably last a couple more seasons .
 When my boys were 4 and 5 , I was eager for them to learn to swim well . We 'd never had regular access to a pool . I had them in private lessons -LRB- 5 one-hour sessions -RRB- and they were doing well . I kept thinking , `` We need regular access to a pool , and they 'd be fine . '' My lightbulb went off & I realized , `` I 'll buy one of those cheap above-grounds ! '' I headed straight out & bought the biggest one I could find -LRB- 18 x 48 -RRB- , and also 2 invaluable toys
 Being from California , I always was bugging my husband for a pool . But of course in PA we have a shorter time to enjoy it , he did n't want the expense or upkeep of an inground pool or one of the larger above ground pool . Since I got sick with some type of neuropathy , I needed a way to cool off my hands and feet ... and frankly I felt stupid sitting in the tub with just enough water to cool my feet ... I was certainly not going to plunge in cold water in the tub ! We got this pool late this year , but it definitely fit the bill . It 's easy to set up , it was cheap , and the care is minimal . Next year we plan to have someone level off our one acre property , because you really need to have a level area , or one side pops up higher then the other . The first time we put water in it , we put the system that recirculates and cleans the water on the wrong side of a very minor float , and the system would n't work properly . But I had an America 's Funniest Home video experience -LRB- which nobody saw luckily ! -RRB- and fell over the inflated part of the pool , causing it to turn inside out , and much of the water came out along with me , my book , my lounge chair , all the way up to our back door . Thank heavens we had an old well there and the water went under the house.For those of us with peripheral neuropathy and/or multiple sclerosis , this pool is a blessing . I highly recommend it ... just as with all pools keep your eye out for little kids . My grandkids love it but are not allowed anywhere near it without adults there , and our dog , a Bouvier des Flanders , scares everyone else away with her low bark and the fact she looks like a bear!Karen Sadler
 I upgraded from the 12x36 to the 18X48 that was on the corner of our patio this year and had to move it to the center of thethe lawn . I spent a day leveling the ground by removing all the grass and using a yard of sand to build up the low end . After that was complete we rolled out the tarp , pool and connected the pump . A day later we were having fun and it was up for the better part of 4 months . Keep the 3 inch chlorine tablets in the floaty and keep it covered at night and run the pump for 5-8 hours a day and have fun !!! At the end of the summer , empty it , wipe it and put in the shed !!! This will be the fifth year with one and it has been an awesome value for the amount of enjoyment it has brought our family !
 I have purchased the Intex 18 x 48 pool last year . I am a Florida Resident and have been thru 4 Major Hurricanes . I would like to state that this pool is still standing with no damage or change . There is not leaks or shifting . The pool is as good as the day we put it up . I would like to recommend this to anyone.Thank you , Michelle
 As far as setting up the pool , we put it on the tarp right on top of a level grass surface . We did n't use any sand -LRB- as suggested on the box -RRB- . We already had an air compressor so no extra cost was necessary . The vinyl is VERY heavy . I did n't expect it to be so heavy , but am glad it is since that makes it very durable . It was difficult to spread the bottom surface out so that it did n't have wrinkles in the bottom , so we do have some wrinkles -- but i do n't mind . The pump runs quietly and was easy to hook up . I have had no problems with leaking . My only concern is one of our cats getting up on the rim of the pool and popping a whole in it with it 's claws . I hope they stay down !! Another advantage is the ladder , which is just `` set '' over the edge so it can be removed easily so that the little tykes do n't go climbing in the pool unattended .
 Make sure , sure , sure , that you spread the bottom SMOOTHLY and sretch it in a fully round circle before you attempt to fill this pool . It DOES NOT extend out during filling . The instructions tell you this but do not really ephasize the point . This is the most important step ! Once you have a LEVEL area and the bottom is fully smoothed out , then you will have a very easy time filling the pool . HINT
 We got this product and were so eager to set it up ! The level ground is important , and ours is nearly level so we went ahead . The pool is very sturdy , and setup was a breeze . It is amazing how big the pool is ! Since our pool is on a tiny incline , there is deeper water -LRB- by about an inch -RRB- on one side , but it does n't tip . Next year , we will level it . Our enthusiasm overtook our patience this year !!!! The filter is quiet , we just love this pool !
 Read some negative reviews but it did not discourage us from buying this product . Set up was fairly easy . Took advice from other customers and completely leveled site where pool was set up . My kids love it -LRB- ages 5,8 , and 11 -RRB- ! So do the neighborhood kids . They have been in the pool only 3 times so far but we are looking forward to much usuage through out the summer months .
 We plan on getting a permanent pool of some sort in a few years but financially were just not ready to ` take the plunge ' this year . After reading good reviews we decided to give the Intex 18 ' round pool a try . We have two kids now , 6 and 2 . We 've had the pool up a week now and it just plain AWESOME!I swear our 6 year old would stay in it from dawn until dark if she could . The depth -LRB- 40 '' actual -RRB- is ideal . It 's deep enough for my wife and I to go in without feeling silly and shallow enough for my 6 year old to be challenged but perfectly safe -LRB- up to just below her neck -RRB- . She can still do all the fun pool things kids do like diving down for treasures , actual swimming across the pool , etc without the worry of straying into anything deeper.Like everyone says , pick a level spot . Cut your grass and put the tarp -LRB- ground cover -RRB- out in different spots to judge the angle a little better . We picked the best spot we could and got lucky without digging or adding any fill . One end of our pool is about 1 '' deeper than the other which looks perfectly fine to anyone not studying it . We met someone else with a similar pool that did n't guess very well because theirs looks silly lopsided and they said they are gon na drain it soon and redo it.It does n't come with any directions on pool chemicals . Basically you need to fill it and shock it good . Then just use one of those chlorine floats with a chlorine hockey puck in it all the time and shock it again once a week . Get a water testing kit for peace of mind to test chlorine and ph. Our water turned green the first time we shocked it . Turns out if you fill it with well water you may have a high amount of iron/copper which will oxidize when shocked . It looks like algae but its not . We just had to rinse our filter constantly for a couple days until it cleared . Perfect now !
 We purchased our first and only Intex easy set in 2002 . We live in Central NY and have to take it down each year . When swim season is over , we often go immediately into a rainy season , so it is impossible to put the the pool away dry . When we bring it out to set it up again the next season , I spend a day scrubbing it with Clorox to get off the yuck that has grown over the winter . It cleans up wonderfully and has given us 4 wonderful summers of service . We spent about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to have it shipped to our door . You do the math . . a great investment.When they say have a level surface , they are not kidding . It is worth the time to make the surface correct and from there is it a breeze . The box it comes in is VERY heavy , so do n't think you 'll be moving this alone ... or without a hand truck . By the way , if you have a dog ... do not leave him alone near the pool , my brother 's dog jumped in , tore his pool with it 's nails and end of story ... many towns require fences around pools with water over a certain depth . . check in advance with your town . NEVER leave a child unattended in or out of the house when your pool has water in it . It is too great of a temptation to kids . If you are undecided on the quality of this item ... this is one of the best values around ! Have fun with your kids , friends and family ! May God abundantly bless you !
 This pool was very easy to set up . What an outstanding value !!! The only word of caution is do n't lean over side or you will lose water . This pool holds several adults and several children with room for fun . At this point I have nothing but good to say , no leaks , easy to assembly and great to enjoy !!!
 I love this pool . I got it 2 days ago and it just finished filling up yesterday morning . The water was freezing but I did n't care I hopped right in and invited a friend over . Even though it says no tools needed me and my dad did need some tools . We needed a screw driver and a rubber hammer to make sure the steps were in securly before we put those blue things into it.The pump is great it does n't leak at all , and it works well too . Other reviewers said there was whole 's in there top ring , well myne has nothing in it it 's perfect , I 'm so glad I convinced my dad to buy the pool , he did n't tell me , but I think he 's glad too . For the $ it is definetly worth it . I was so suprised when I opened the box , the ladder and filter pump took up more room than the pool did ! It is amazing how little room a great big pool like this can take up . The ladder is good too it holds up nice and sturdy , as long as you do n't start yanking on it . Me and my dad are going today to find out how much chlorine this size pool would need 's so we can but some , because even though there is a filter , skimmer , and vacum , you can still grow some algea quickly , believe me it 's happend before , and too waste like 5,600 gallons of water ... . WOW !
 We bought the 15x36 Easy Set Pool two summer 's ago and absolutely loved it . The pool was easy to set up with minimal maintenance . It was perfect for our six year old as well as our teens . This year we went bigger with the 18x42 . In my opinion if the pool is set up properly on level ground and maintained properly you ca n't go wrong with this pool . We LOVE it !!
 This is the second E-Z pool we owned ... the first one sprung a leak due to chemicals not dissolving before touching the bottom . My ground is not level ... but I have no problems with the pool getting out of shape or leaking . I had it all set up in about an hour ... took about 12 hours to fill ... I priced above ground pools at a local shop and for basically the same size -LRB- a little deeper -RRB- above ground pool installed , the cost was over $ 2000 ... so this pool is a great deal .
 This is the best purchase I have made in a long time . I have a 5 and almost 2 year old , and though the little one needs a Speedo `` floaty suit '' to be completely safe due to water depth I LOVE this pool . I would love to have an inground pool as I swim masters and I would love to be able to practice at home , but I can do some light areobics in this one . Mostly running in a circle , but in a pinch it will do . My kids love it and have gained immeasurable water confidence -LRB- and exercise -RRB- with it . They can both swim and the little one is able to float now without the assistance of a suit . If you know anything about teaching swimming that is pretty amazing at barely 2 . We also had a bad experience with the level of the yard , but ours was about 2 inches off . We leveled it as best we could with a box scraper and a board :-RRB- It has now been almost 3 months and NO PROBLEM with leveling . The people who have had problems ... I do n't know . We are both CPO certified , but I think that anyone who can read would do ok . We use the 1 '' tablets in the top of the filters that have a shelf on them .
 Well , to start , it was a little hard to level . It took four of us to level the pool in a day . It took 12 hours to fill but we splashed around in it as it was filling . The kids loved it ! Maintaining the chemicals is easy . A trip to a pool supply store with a water sample is all you need . The skimmer is a mastered art . It often pops up and I have to mess with the hoses to get the air out of them . My biggest complaint with this pool is the vacuum system . There is no way to get the sand off the pool bottom . I would recomend going to home depot or a place like that and purchasing a vac that you attach a garden hose to . Mine cost me about 20 $ . These vacs come with a mesh bag like the one that came with the pool or you can attach a pool vac hose to it . I attached a pool vacuum hose to it and laid that hose outside the pool . The garden hose helps create a great suction and I was able to remove the sand from the pool bottom . The water I sucked up drained outside the pool and made a small mess but not that bad . I am happy to have a clean spotless pool again . For the money you cant beat it .
 We are n't ready for a regular pool so we got this for our girls . They love it . They have to be reminded not to hang on the sides but loved how deep it is because they can move around but also swim underwater . The only suggestion I have is fill the air ring and let it sit overnight before filling . We had a hole . We did n't know it until the next morning when we had filled it with the water . We were not about to go through the expense of refilling it , that 's alot of water ! So we just pumped on a daily basis to keep it up until it really started going down at the end of the summer . We could n't find the leak which was frustrating . However we purchased the extended warranty so were n't worried . When we returned it we were actually still under manufacturers warranty and the company was great . We sent the required pieces back and recieved the new pool in no time . You have to love company support like that.I really recommend this for those who ca n't afford or desire a regular pool .
 We bought our pool at the beginning of this summer . It does take a lot longer than 30 minutes to set up and the ground had to be level but once we got it started it was great . The kids absolutely love it and even my husband and I are in it all the time . Compared to the price of a regular above ground pool of this size you ca n't beat it . We 'll see how easy winter storage is but so far our whole family -LRB- and all the kids in the neighborhood -RRB- has been thrilled with it !
 Hello . I wanted to buy a pool for my daughter . Got to -LSB- a local store -RSB- and did n't want to buy another wading pool . Every year we buy a wading pool and they are a pain ... You have to clean them almost everytime you use them . Anyway we ended up getting the 12x36 easy set up pool . We liked it so much , we took it back and got the 18x48 size . I think me and her dad like it just as much as she does . It is alot bigger and just perfect . You HAVE to HAVE a level surface . We have a big concrete pad behind our garage , so we put it on that . You just have get in on your hands and knees and push the wrinkles out . And with the big pool it takes two people to do ... It takes at least 2 people to set the pools up , do n't try it buy yourself . I love my pool . Use the cover as much as possible . It keeps debris out and keeps it warm . Have fun .
 The quality and features of the grill cover are a good.The sizing is generous and the vents help keep it in place.The storage pocket in the front is good for average grill items.I wish the tie down strap was about 10 inches longer to hold the cover tigher . If you are tired of the cracked plastic covers or the sticky white backing , you will like this cover , it breaths .
 This is a very reliable pump . It has very few moving parts , and that makes it very durable . I had to replace the pump that I was using in my fountain , which was also a Cal P80 pump , because I failed to turn it off while on vacation . As a result of this , the pump burned out when the fountain went dry . The company supplying this pump for Amazon was super with its service . Within three days after placing my order , the pump was at my door .
 The pump came a little late , but was exactly as advertised . It works great and is just what I was looking for , my fountain is up and running again .
 Had an outdoor fountain that decided to quit fountaining . Took it apart and diagnosed the problem as a bad pump . Went on line for a replacement which Amazon had . Placed the order , received the pump as promised and my little fountain is spewing forth again . Product worked correcty right out of the box .
 I read the other reviews ... maybe they are hit and miss , I do n't know.I have not had a problem with leaking , and I DO reuse my empty bottles , with no problems.It has many settings and I LOVE that it has a `` off '' setting.It is shaped a bit oddly BUT it is helpful to me because I can prop it up on the fence so I do not have to stand there holding it.I like it MUCH better than the round `` jar '' type feeder attachments
 Despite the problems other reviewers have had , mine works fine . You can see the fertilizer level going down as you spray and I 'm getting the 15 minute spray that the manufacturer states . No leaking either and good results in the garden .
 I use this on my flower gardens about every 10 days ... is it amazing how well this product works . My flowers are HUGE ... all the neighbors walking by comment on how full the blooms are.Also - the yellow nozzle has 3 settings and works great - I use it every day all summer to water my gardens and just screw in the feeder bottle every 10 - 14 days .
 Nicely designed little product . We constructed and planted a large raised perennial bed with a retaining wall early this year and a lot of the plants - although doing well , seemed to have bloomed out and looked like they needed some fertilizer . This seemed to be a good option so I gave it a try . I used the two bottles that came with it -LRB- elsewhere on the property as well -RRB- and can report that the plants really have responded well . Although we are getting a lot of blooming , what is really noticeable is how the plants have filled out and have made our new bed look crowded already . It 's easy enough to use but the only thing I do n't like is that the refills are somewhat pricey .
 I was looking for a general-purpose liquid garden-hose feeder the other day at Home Depot and this was the only product I could find . Now , I 've tried the Miracle-Gro solids-based feeder and like others have said , it 's a device with very inconsistent coverage partly due to its underfeed design , sensitivity to tilt and the heavy , opaque nature of the solids themselves . The LiquaFeed , on the other hand is a liquids-based gravity-fed device , so as long as you keep the base the bottle upright while spraying you should be fine . Likewise , the level of liquid is easy to judge -LRB- like a hummingbird feeder -RRB- and you can tell if it 's working by looking for the small telltale bubbles that rise inside the bottle every few seconds.First off , I 've had no leak problems with this feeder or the other ; granted , I 'm using a fairly new hose with fresh washers , but I suspect the biggest problem people have with these involves cross-threading the device when they screw the hose -LRB- or the bottle -RRB- into the unit . Preventing this is a skill of a sort ; it helps to screw the device/bottle counterclockwise for one revolution just to get a feel for where the thread begins , check for proper seating , then screw clockwise with even pressure . Being plastic , the feeder 's threads will strip easily so use caution.Secondly , I was more interested in the feeder itself than the bottle of LiquiFeed that comes with it since I was looking for a general-purpose feeder after all . But despite the `` Once Empty , Bottles Can not Be Reused '' warning label , rest assured They Can Be . All you have to do is pop the nipple attachment off with a knife blade , refill and press the nipple back on firmly until it snaps . The more transparent your liquid fertilizer is , the better - which means do n't try it with reconstituted Miracle-Gro solid fertilizer , as it will clog.A full 16oz . LiquiFeed bottle will produce about 38.25 gallons of spray , and from that you can calculate the amount of water you should premix with your favorite liquid fertilizer when refilling in order to get the desired post-mix concentration.It 's $ 12.50 , has several spray options , a lockable `` on '' switch and comes with a free bottle of fertilizer - what more do you want ? Works for me.-djh
 I was surprised how small the shovel was but it does the job . It is very good for digging small holes and would be a good item to bring along when camping .
 Easy to dig small to medium holes for plants / vegetable gardens . Short handle gives you more leverage which is great for people with less upper body strength .
 PRODUCT JUST ARRIVED & IT WAS BIG ENOUGH TO SHOW SOME OF ITS BEAUTIFUL BARK . I WAS N'T SURE HOW TO CARE FOR IT SO I EMAILED THE COMPANY & RECEIVED RESPONSE WITHIN AN HOUR
 Very high quality product for the price.Much less expensive than a blow up mattress.Bring a pillow and enjoy .
 I have had this hammock for several years , and it is awsome ! The material is a silky nylon material , and you can hang it up in so many places . I keep all the hardware i need for it in the stuff sack itself , so if im going on a dayhike , i just chuck it in my pack and head out . The best part is how light it is !!! It wegihs probably under 2 pounds WITH all the additional hardware in it -LRB- 2 carabiners and 20ft of climbing rope -RRB- . Just a word of warning - DO NOT GO WINTER CAMPING IN IT !! I tried that once -LRB- i strung up a lightweight tarp over a line above the hammock -RRB- and the hammock raises you off the ground -LRB- obviously -RRB- so as to allow airflow on all sides of you . It was impossible for me to get warm in my sleeping bag , 3 layers and a jacket . Other than that , just try to keep the nylon strings at the ends of it from getting turned around and tangled , but thats typical maintenance . Awsome product , i reccomend it to anyone who asks .
 This hammock is awesome ! Feels like you are laying on a cloud . I ordered this for my husband but I should have ordered two !! We fight over who 's turn it is to use it
 This is an amazing hammock and a real lightweight . The built-in pouch provides quick and easy storage and the price is unbeatable ! Definitely a great purchase .
 I bought these for our kitchen dining table . Locally , all I could find were seat cushions with rubber backs , hate those things , so I came to old faithful ... Amazon.com ! The two back ties hold the cushion in place beautifully , the color on this webpage is exact -LRB- with my monitor anyway -RRB- and the size is perfect for our chairs . They 're just thick enough to make sitting comfortable . Have n't had a need to wash them yet so I ca n't contribute information on that . The fabric feels nice on the skin , not scratchy . I 'm very satisfied with these cushions but ca n't understand why they 're so hard to find now . Does anyone really like the rubber back ones ? They 're so ugly and they do n't stay in place very well . I 'm thinking of buying a second set since this style is hard to find these days .
 These cushions looked exactly as pictured , and the quality was very good . The thick padding makes for very comfortable seating . However , because of this thick padding , takes a while to dry out if they get wet . Bringing them in out of the rain takes care of that issue . Would highly recommend these .
 Exactly what I was looking for . Fast Shipping Received 1 week before quoted date . Thank you for everything .
 I bought these for our kitchen dining table . Locally , all I could find were seat cushions with rubber backs , hate those things , so I came to old faithful ... Amazon.com ! The two back ties hold the cushion in place beautifully , the color on this webpage is exact -LRB- with my monitor anyway -RRB- and the size is perfect for our chairs . They 're just thick enough to make sitting comfortable . Have n't had a need to wash them yet so I ca n't contribute information on that . The fabric feels nice on the skin , not scratchy . I 'm very satisfied with these cushions but ca n't understand why they 're so hard to find now . Does anyone really like the rubber back ones ? They 're so ugly and they do n't stay in place very well . I 'm thinking of buying a second set since this style is hard to find these days .
 These cushions looked exactly as pictured , and the quality was very good . The thick padding makes for very comfortable seating . However , because of this thick padding , takes a while to dry out if they get wet . Bringing them in out of the rain takes care of that issue . Would highly recommend these .
 These burners are really easy to install and work great . Good fit and have a great flame when lite . Would buy them again .
 When I ordered this item for my husband for Christmas , I was at first skeptical . This is exactly what he wanted so I was sure it would be wrong ! To my very happy astonishment , it was PERFECT !! Exactly as stated in the add , prompt , fantastic quality !! Thanks
 This Rain Bird ET-P1K dripline tool is a must have for working with dripline systems . It 's actually a multi-purpose tool.The circular center end is used to install 1/4 '' barbed emitters , couplers and connects . Use the circular end to hold the rounded end of the emitter securely - it wo n't fall out and end up in the dirt . With the emitter inserted this way , the barbed end is pointing out . Find your mainline and center the barb on the tubing . Press with a slight twisting action to help things pierce , not collapse the tube . You can feel the barbed end slide into place . At that point , simply pull back and the emitter remains in place . No leaks and no scrappy job of multiple attempts to install . Most of all , it saves on your fingers.The slot on the side of the tool is for pulling out an unwanted 1/4 '' barbed emitter or connector from your mainline . Slide it under the 1/4 '' part and gently lift it out and away from the mainline.Finally , about that hole you just made by removing the barbed part . Do n't attempt to reuse a hole . That 's almost certain to be the source of a leak . Instead , this is where the `` goof plugs '' come in handy . They are very rubbery and will fill the hole nicely . How do you get that in ? Turn the tool around and use the small hole on the handle end . This lets you see how you 're doing and provides nice , even pressure to press the goof plug into the existing hole .
 I am a low maintenance gardener . That 's code for I like a neat looking yard with only minimal work . If I can find a way to eliminate extra work in summer I will do whatever it takes.I used to use a different brand of dark brown/black mulch . It was o.k. , except on close inspection I was finding things in that mulch which looked anything but organic in nature . My most alarming discoveries were small pieces of roofing shingles and what appeared to be dinky pieces of a Formica kitchen counter.I replenish my mulch every Spring because it tends to settle and compress . I removed all the old mulch and installed new landscape fabric in the beds . Then I spread out a layer of Scott 's Enhanced Mulch in black approximately 1 '' deep . Scott 's is good quality mulch . It is 100 % organic and holds water to guarantee that the plants wo n't die . It is messy since it is color treated . I advise using rubber gloves , jeans , and a sweatshirt when spreading.The overall appearance of this mulch is nice . It looks like rich , dark soil with one major improvement ------ no weeds . The intensity of the color fades in a year and between compression , settling , and weather , the mulch needs to be replenished every spring with a new , thin top layer . Basically , I dump out the bag , rake , and forget about it . Other than periodically feeding and watering my flowers and plants and pulling out an occasional weed , I have fun in summer . The plants are lush , the beds look well tended , and the black mulch looks natural .
 For the price , this hammock is awesome . I recommend using it with their micropes , which are really easy to put up . It 's comfortable , cheap , easy to pack up - what more could you want .
 I am enjoying this hammock . . It is very lightweight and portable , and easy to store away when not in use . I 've taken it to the park and people look at me with envy . Ha!I am very happy with my hammock , I highly recommend it . .
 Great product , very durable . My grandson left it outside through the winter and it did just fine . But the dog chewed it up one day , so we now have to buy a new one , but will buy the exact same one -- only this time put it where the dog ca n't get it .
 I have had many humming bird feeders but this is the very best ever . I love because it can be taken apart for proper cleaning and that it uses a mason jar . I would recommend this to anyone who loves to have humming birds in their yard .
 this is really great one for humming bird . one think i had hard time to find which is jar . it was very hard time to get the size . beside this i really happy with this product . if anybody want to bring humming bird to your back yard , then i personally recommend to bye that one . it 's really good one . please go for it.Lima .
 I bought these for our kitchen dining table . Locally , all I could find were seat cushions with rubber backs , hate those things , so I came to old faithful ... Amazon.com ! The two back ties hold the cushion in place beautifully , the color on this webpage is exact -LRB- with my monitor anyway -RRB- and the size is perfect for our chairs . They 're just thick enough to make sitting comfortable . Have n't had a need to wash them yet so I ca n't contribute information on that . The fabric feels nice on the skin , not scratchy . I 'm very satisfied with these cushions but ca n't understand why they 're so hard to find now . Does anyone really like the rubber back ones ? They 're so ugly and they do n't stay in place very well . I 'm thinking of buying a second set since this style is hard to find these days .
 These cushions looked exactly as pictured , and the quality was very good . The thick padding makes for very comfortable seating . However , because of this thick padding , takes a while to dry out if they get wet . Bringing them in out of the rain takes care of that issue . Would highly recommend these .
 I was very happy with my order . I was looking for something special that a friend of mine collects . I usually have a very hard time finding what I am looking for , this was very easy for me and the cost was good . I would order from you again . Thanks.Patti Smith
 Bought this to give as a Christmas gift . Owned these trowels for many years now and they are the best you can find . Extremely high quality . They are strong , stainless steel and have a great cushioned handle . The last trowel you will ever buy !
 Has to be the best sprinkler ever made ! This is the second one purchased . Adjustments are so easy to make .
 Have used these sprinklers before , and I am pleased with them . Inexpensive and seem to last . Would recommend them . MV
 I love rotor sprinklers , you can set the amount that you wish the sprinkler to rotate . You can shorten the `` throw '' by impeding the spray . You can sprinkle a narrow area or a full circle or anything in between . My only complaint would be to have a brass fitting on the part that attaches to the hose . As it is , it is plastic and the connection seems to loosen when you drag the hose around to a different space . Also , on our other rotor sprinklers the hose attachment at the base of the sprinkler was fixed . I like it fixed as it is easy to turn the sprinkler onto the hose than to try to hold the hose in place while you are trying to rotate the connection onto the hose . Otherwise , expect another order in the future !!
 This cover fits perfectly over my 66 '' rectangular table with 6 high-back chairs . It goes on easily and stays put , even in very windy conditions . I highly recommend this cover for anyone who wants to keep their patio furniture clean when not in use .
 Our patio furniture came with this cover when we bought it almost 20 years ago . The cover gets alot of the credit for the furniture 's long life . The cover finally bit the dust two years ago and I have tried in vain to find a decent replacement - even went back to the furniture store and checked all over on line . We used a cheap cover from the `` orange '' store the first year and last year we used bunge cords and huge binder clips with a tarp - Bad idea . So finally I `` Amazoned '' a tyvek cover and found this - I think it will be exactly what I had before . I guess I was willing to pay the big bucks for something that worked so well and was a clear protection for my , still lovely , furniture . The HUGE , Astonishing big deal is that it takes from one to three months to have this shipped . I called Amazon thinking this was a typo or some other mistake . It is NOT . I called the manufacture and she said it can ship from her in 2 business days bur her price is $ 139.99 plus $ 15.00 shipping . That is a 50 % upcharge !!! So ... . I will wait and see if it comes in 6 weeks from Amazon and then decide whether to cancel the order , Pay the huge upcharge or keep it on order and use the tarp again until it comes . I ca n't tell you enough though how good this cover is - but maybe not good enough to spend $ 155.00 from the other company .
 The box was little damaged & seemed old . But overall , I was happy with it & I received it quickly .
 It was nice to get one complete kit that had everyting that I needed , fit properly and with adequate instructions .
 Saved me $ 50 for a new sprayer . Easy to install . I do n't know what else to say . Three more words
 Recently I purchased the Solo diaphragm sprayer pump repair kit . The old one had split so I looked up ordered a replacement part from Amazon.The replacement packet was n't too complicated to install . Has worked great withSolo 4900405-K Sprayer Pump Repair Kit for Models 454 , 456 , 457 and 457-Rollaboutno problems . My Solo sprayer is about six years old so if you own a Solo I would highly recommend ordering a sprayer pump repair kit from Amazon.com . They are fast and reliable .
 I 'm replacing a container-gardening system all around my home -LRB- we only took the other one down because we thought we might move -RRB- I had a Rain Bird system all over the porches and patios . These Rain Bird systems are great . I had probably a hundred pots to water , and these connectors made it possible to make the whole system efficient and virtually disappear . I added a timer to water everything around 5:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. and had no problems at all .
 What we have here is not the original state flag of Utah . In 1896 , following Utah 's admission to the Union as the 45th state , the state legislature adopted a flag consisting of a solid white version of the Utah State Seal on a light blue background . In 1903 , Governor Heber M. Wells was presented with a silk state flag by the Utah Society Daughters of the Revolution , that had been embroidered by Agnes Teudt Fernelius . However , it turned out that an error had been made in the state seal as depicted on the flag so it was not an `` official '' state flag . So it became the Governor 's regimental flag . Artist H.L.A. Culmer made the necessary corrections to the state seal for the USSDR and a new flag was made and presented to Wells , which was flown until 1913 . Then in 1912 the Sons and Daughters of Utah Pioneers commissioned a flag to be presented to the battleship U.S.S. Utah -LRB- BB 31 -RRB- , which had been commissioned at the Philadelphia Navy Yard the previous fall . This flag showed the Utah state seal centered on a blue background and now encircled by a thin gold line . This design became the official state flag of Utah in 1913 when it was approved by the legislature.In the center of the state seal is a shield , supported by a cross pair of spears . In the center of the shield is a beehive , which is the state emblem , with the state flower the sego lily -LRB- Calochortus nuttalli -RRB- , which symbolizes peace , growing on either side . The state motto , `` Industry , '' appears above the beehive , and over that is a bald eagle with six arrows in its talons representing protection . A pair of U.S. flags flank the shield , indicating support for the Union . Below the beehive appears the name `` UTAH , '' the date 1847 during which the first Mormon pioneers reached Utah , and the date 1896 when Utah became a state . Surrounding everything is a gold circle.The regard in which this 3 foot by 5 foot flag is not an official Utah state flag is that the blue field should be fringed with gold . Other sizes , both larger and smaller down to desk size , are available . This flag is made of durable 100 % heavyweight nylon fabric specially treated to minimize deterioration due to the effects of sun or chemicals . It is a single reverse flag and features brilliant , fast colors , a strong canvas heading , and two brass grommets .
 We got this product because our puppy was damaging the gardens in our small yard . After installation , she quickly learned to stay away from the wires and our gardens are growing beautifully and undisturbed . I like the green stakes - the color does n't stand out against the grass and mar the view . We had a small area to protect so the size seemed about right . We were able to add protection to some other areas inexpensively by using PVC pipe and solid picture wire purchased at the local home improvement center .
 I 've been using a vintage Murray push mower even though I own a brand new rider and a new self-propelled . But I put on this blade and the `` antique '' is good to go and go and go , going places I 'm afraid to take new equipment ! At the store I would have paid twice that because they tacked on S&H .
 These are easy to install and direct water away from your foundation well . They also fold up , out of the way , should you need them to . I bought brown downspouts and other than fading and warping a little from the sun ... they have held up well .
 I recommend this product . It works very well . The extension is long enough to go very far out . Item was received in a reasonable out of time .
 Tried a recoil type which was n't quite what we had hoped for . These were so easily installed and performed better than we expected . Now all the neighbors want to know where we got them .
 I bought this to replace the one had for 7 years . The quality has improved , hope this one lasts as long !
 I had ordered one of these about 10 years ago , but the landscapers kind of cut it up with the weed whacker . The downspout extensions do work well to keep rushing water from washing away dirt and mulch . One of the two I ordered came in damaged , but I got it quickly replaced with no problems . Still have n't installed the second one as of yet , but will soon .
 These are so hard to find in any hardware store , I was glad to find them online . The shipping is pretty expensive , but it is worth it if you have odd sized downspouts . These extensions fit great , work great and are generally very durable . They are also extremely simple to install . Definitely a great buy !
 It works Great !! got everything in great shape and on time . If you are looking to keep water away from the house this is for you .
 I bought this to channel our downspouts away from the foundation and they do a great job . I have one installed on every downspout . They attach easily , you provide sheet metal screws , and rotate at the bottom so you can direct water where you want . They telescope from approx 2 feet to 31/2 and lift up for easy grass cutting . They do n't stay in a raised position though , so you have to team up to cut grass , or get some duct tape to keep them up .
 `` Product was just as described . The guy who left the feedback regarding his leaders being round , should keep away from a screwdriver . Round pegs are n't made for square holes . Good product but shipping seems high . Thanks , Frank J. Super ''
 This downspout extension is just what we needed to solve our downspout problem . We needed something that swiveled in case we needed to access the ground under the spout , and we needed an adjustable length that could be shortened when we needed to cut the grass . Keeping in mind that it is plastic , it is sturdy and well-made . The brown color blends into the landscaping . We have had a lot of rain this winter , and it has worked perfectly .
 A great item to add to your gutter downspout at ground level . Just remove the bottom curved part of your downspout , & attach this one . It allows you to direct the rain runoff further away from your house foundation . An added plus is that it folds up so it 's out of the way when it 's not needed .
 Instead of re-doing my current downspout , with elbow , I 've taken the swivel part of this long extender off and have put the piece that extends to desired length beneath my current elbow . :-RRB- It is too top heavy to stay up and closed if you attach it to your downspout . I like it much better without the swivel part connected to it , I just pulled it off . Now I can place the long extender part of it where ever I want ! I like that . :-RRB- That 's all I was looking for to begin with , something to place under my current elbow to direct the flow !
 These work really well . I installed two . I would buy them again . They attach easily . Having the smaller 2 '' x 3 '' downspouts , I removed the adapter . Attached the swivel bracket with two rivets -LRB- you can also use sheet metal screws -RRB- through the holes molded into the plastic part . Just 10-15 minutes to attach two of them.The pivot is great . You can rotate the bottom swivel to direct water where you want . They telescope from approx 2 feet to 6 ' . A bit wider than a 2 `` x3 '' downspout , but not as high.They lift up for easy grass cutting . You need a little space under the joint for it to work . Do n't get too close the ground or it wo n't pivot , or flow water away well.As some noted , they may not stay up if your downspout angle back at all . A small square of clear `` High Heat ' Velcro from Radio Shack on the downspout and trough resolved that issue . They should come with it . You need the high heat Velcro to hold up to heat . Regular Velcro glue will get soft and melt in the sun . Also these are heavy nylon , not the fabric kind of Velcro.Being plastic and on a pivot , I can see how they may move in the wind . Despite some strong wind storms , they have not moved on me . But during a recent hurricane -LRB- extreme case -RRB- , I put a 6 '' landscape staple through the end to ensure they would stay down . Works well . I 'll likely do that for the winter when grass cutting is done for the year .
 The extender was perfect for an area where we had to move water across a sidewalk whenever it rained . I did have to add a tie strap to hold it in place when in the up position but that was no big deal .
 Extensions were easy to insall . Were delivered on schedule and have performed as expected . Good product , fast service and good quality .
 I love this extension . Was thinking about getting one for the back of my house.I would definitely recommend this to someone else .
 I had thought about ditching my old Homelite trimmer when the string stopped feeding reliably . After installing the new trimmer head , however , I am back in business and saved myself about $ 150 for now .
 I do n't consider myself a BBQ master , but owning this set makes me want to be one . Everything is stainless steel , so you can store it with the grill . The tongs are a bit bulky , but I use the fork , spatula , and brush every time I cookout . This is a bargain at this price , I got two for xmas gifts .
 I love this BBQ grill set . For what I paid here at Amazon it was an absolute steal . I would have liked a basting brush as well , but that 's really a Sabatier issue and not a Amazon one . I got what I ordered and it 's wonderful . Good , manly sized tools that wo n't let any husband down . A perfect gift for a master of the manly art of BBQ or someone in training .
 like i said TOOOOOOOOO big , they look like its made for 8 ' 0 person :-RRB- or person with a killer hands :-RRB- , but anyway very good for the price .
 Sabatier makes wonderful equipment and this grill set is no exception . Like all the other reviewers said though ... these things are really big ! The box they arrived in looked like it could hold a computer . Wow ! Anyway - they are a nice looking set and are very sturdy . The carrying case is a nice addition as well . I would not reccomend these for a small grill or for a small person . If you are a big time grill enthusiast with large hands and a super large grill , these will be great . The quality is number one !
 This is the top of the line !! Best I have ever seen or used . The carring case is heavy duty , like shop tool tote bags are made of . With this quality you do n't need any kind of warranty !!
 These tools are the right fit and match for the newly purchase barbeque grill . These tools are not very big and clumsy ... they just go with the grill ...
 I bought the Sabatier BBQ set for myself and had so many compliments from friends and family that I bought several more as gifts . Compared to what I see in department stores , this is a real deal . It is very attractive , too .
 This is an out-of-doors cooking utensil set to be reckonded with . If you camp , and/or use a fire-pit , this is the tool set for you . The Sabatier 11-Piece BBQ tool Set I ordered arrived today , and definitely lives up to all claims made . Standing close to a cook fire and trying to weild an insubstantial cooking tool is uncomfortable at best , down right dangerous at its worse . One does n't need a whole raft of tools either , I find the spatula cutting edge a real plus , and good sturdy Tongs are a `` must have '' for cooking over an open fire . These tools are well made , ergonomic , and down-right good looking . I 'm not sorry I purchased them , what a Terrific Father 's Day Gift idea . My picky Husband is going to Love them . He really is seriously Picky , but with excellent Taste and much cook-fire experience . We use a fire-pit , but I would n't hesitate to recommend them for gas grill cooking too . Last Words
 These grill tools are perfectly large . I do n't have large hands , but I like to keep them away from the flames ! I have no trouble using the tools . The metal ring - used for hanging - pops off too easily , but pops back on as easily -LRB- hence 4 instead of 5 stars -RRB- . Other than that , I 'd highly recommend these tools for `` fearless grilling . '' I 'm purchasing another set today for Father 's Day ! -LRB- shhhh -RRB-
 I have to agree with another reviewer that said that these were very good sturdy tools , but they are HUGE . For moderately small female hands it it almost impossible to use the tongs , and the size makes finding a storage location for the bag they come in a little harder .
 These tools are fabulous and come with a really nice canvas storage bag . They are easy to use and clean . They also have a hook on the end if you want to display them . These are a steal for the reduced price ! I am so happy with these ! Some people have complained about the size , but grill tools need to be big and long to keep our hand away from the heat of the grill , so they are perfect ! Not hard to handle at all .
 It is a nice set of tools for a good price . They are large , but that proved to be a positive for me . It lets you reach all the way into the back of a hot grill without gettting your hands over the heat . The tongs are great and the spatula is large enough to work on fish , burgers , steaks , whatever you are cooking .
 STUNNING AND HUGE !!! CRANBERRY GLASS GAZING BALL OR ORNAMENT TO ACTUALLY HANG . MAILED IMMEDIATELY AND WAS PACKED SECURELY . IF YOU LOVE CRANBERRY GLASS YOU ARE GOING TO LOVE THIS PIECE - GREAT PRICE ALSO !!
 These are great for picking up corn ears , or half chickens , but not burgers . Also moving briquetes or coals is easy , nice grip , opens very wide ...
 I USE THIS SHOVEL AT LEAST AS MUCH AS THE STD ONE BECAUSE THERE ARE SO MANY TIMES THAT I DO N'T NEED THE WIDE VERSION , USUALLY BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EASY TO DAMAGE SOMETHING NEARBY .
 Good clippers . Stores are not stocking many choices anymore . Bought three pairs to last the summer . Great service .
 During the Christmas season , I wanted to get my uncle something special . He is a crane operator , and I thought this would be a great gift . The shipping was perfect timing -LRB- despite my procrastination -RRB- and the quality of the sign was excellent . It will definitely last for a long time .
 I think these were great for my use . Keep the bag sealed and they stay moist and ready to use .
 I bought these after much research about cloning . It seems that these come the most recommended from experienced growers . In a humidity dome my clones took root after about 7 days with a 100 % success rate . I have also started some bell pepper seeds with rapid success . Would highly recommend to anyone .
 I had used rockwool , but after reading some reviews thought I 'd give these a try.They keep an even dampness better than rockwool . Rockwool can easily get drenched , but these seem to keep just the right amount of moisture.When I first got them I was surprised how much they looked like moist chocolate brownie cake . Even the spongy feel made me think &#34; This must be delicious &#34; . I never caved into that temptation , but to this day they still look and feel more appetizing than most brownies . I give a star for that alone.They also fit perfectly in the &#34; Hydrofarm CK64060 Hot House with Heat Mat , &#34; which is convenient .
 This stuff works very welll for the purchase . I will be ordering more soon . The product also arrived very quickly
 these things work very well , two thumbs up ! best rooting medium i have ever used , though i guess that does n't mean much to those of you out in internet land ...
 The rapid rooters were shipped promptly , not squished and were nicely moist . Hopefully I 'll have a good crop of parsley and thyme soon .
 I have used countless numbers of this product to make cuttings . I get well over a 95 % success rate using Rapid Rooters . I have never had a disease problem or any other problem with this product other than the occasional mis-shappened cube.This replacement package does not contain any information as to the proper use of the product , you get some with the rooters tray -LRB- the tray is neccessary and not included with this product -RRB- , but even those instructions are very vague . This is what I do . Take your cutting as best suited for your plant and use a rooting compound , I use Clonex gel . Basically , you need to keep water in the tray below the cube , but enough to keep the temperature and humidity high . Every once in a while a little moisture will need to be added to the cube directly to keep the water to air ratio proper . Place the tray on a heating mat and cover with a suitable clear cover , I use the 8 '' tall option with vents . I also remove the cover a couple times a day to allow the air to change , this seems to help me a little with my cuttings health . Set all this under a florescent light and your good to go.I place my cuttings -LRB- cubes -RRB- in a hydroponic system and I have to keep an eye on the cubes during the plants growth to make sure that the wicking action of the cube does not create a toxic buildup of nutrients at the base of the plants . This is similar to what you have to watch for when growing in soil or other substrate medium , such as rockwool . Flushing the plants from the top down is the solution to this . I find that in older plants , such as mothers , the plant soon overgrows the cube and this is no longer a concern.Rapid Rooters are my favorite rooting cubes and I expect to be using them for years to come .
 I really like Rapid Rooters . I use them a lot . I rarely have a problem with them . I use them for seedlings and clones.Wash your hands or use gloves before reaching into the bag . Also put these in a large Ziplock baggie after you open them . I also usually put a few cc 's of diluted bleach solution inside the outter bag but not enough to get into the original bag . Just place the original bag inside the other bag . I use BBQ tongs to remove however many I need . I avoid touching a RR with my bare hands if I can .
 I 've tried a couple brands and i think the Rapid Rooters are the most consistent and are softer/foamier than the rest . They work as good as the other brands so i dont think any particular brand performs any better . Using these rooting plugs i feel a tad bit more comfortable my favorite tomato plant cuttings will root because of the consistency of the plug itself . If you tear them open , they are like moist cake , where other brands i 've tried are like a semi-dry brownie . .
 Having trouble propagating new plants in rock wool and do n't know where to turn ? THIS is the product for you . These plugs come soaked in special nutrient solution that promotes vigorous yet even root growth . You will finally have roots shooting out everywhere like in all the pictures of rooting medium you see online . I would suggest that you only slightly moisten the plugs upon use and be sure to squeeze any excess hydration out of them . In order to promote root growth you can not have a fully saturated medium - that way there is a balanced mixture of moisture and available oxygen which will NOT be achieved with fully saturated plugs . Try to keep them the color they appear in the product photo , as a darker more saturated plug will leave you with rotten shoots and no roots . I 100 % recommend this product for all your rooting needs , an especially from Amazon.com as there is not a better price out there !!!
 cheaper than anywhere else i could find . package was received before scheduled time . simple and fast - i will purchase from here again for this product .
 These things are great . Really work at sprouting plants effectively and quickly . You can that transfer your plant to any growing system you want . I use to use them for an indoor hydroponic basil garden , I 've cut them down to fit in an aerogrow as well , and as of late I 'm just simply transplanting them into the ground outside . The plants always take quickly to the new environment . I 'm hooked .
 Fantastic product ! works every time , very reliable , arrives moist and in a resealable Ziploc bag . Fits perfectly with the seed propagator I bought from Home Dep * t.
 best rooting plugs for rooting clones in a regular propagation trey with dome ... . they seem to make it easy for the plants to root
 These things work great . I like the design . the seeds or clones are held at perfect moisture and roots move through the media quickly .
 Seedlings seemed to do much better in these than in the rock wool I got at the local hydro store .
 I have been using this suet feeder from Duncraft for several years . And , yes , the suet feeder 's caging keeps the squirrels from eating the suet . I have attracted numerous varieties of birds with this suet feeder , also -- for example , birds like the Carolina Wren , Northern Mockingbird , and Downy Woodpecker . In addition , the construction of this suet feeder is sturdy , and it holds one suet cake . I recommend this suet feeder .
 I 've used this replacement oil filter for several seasons now and it works just as well as Kohler original and is more cost effective . Great filter at a fair price .
 I sent these bulbs to my son-in-law and daughter for an early Christmas gift last year . They were so pleased this spring and received so many compliments on their pretty flowers .
 These shipped in a plastic crate with plenty of ventilation . We tucked them into a dark corner of the shed , and planted them . Very uniform bulbs , comes with basic planting instructions and times .
 I have owned my Weber Summit Gold A6 Natural Gas model since last November , and I could not be happier with it . A little about me first . I am a former chef , having trained in France and worked in some of the finest steak houses in Southern California for several years . Although I now work in a different job , my wife is a personal chef , and I often help her with jobs , usually cooking on the Weber.We formerly owned a Weber Genesis , and while it performed alright , I never felt it got hot enough for my liking . Not so the Summit Gold . Mine has always lit easily , rises to the 700 degree range within minutes , and has sufficient sensitivity to be turned down to under 300 degrees for cooking lighter items such as shrimp . But let 's face it , steaks are what are best on a grill , and I enjoy the fact that this grill heats to an appropriate temperature to quickly sear the outside while leaving the inside tender and juicy . We have also grilled a variety of styles of chicken , fish -LRB- salmon , trout , catfish , swordfish , etc. -RRB- , and vegetables , all with great results . On Thanksgiving , we used the indirect method -LRB- i.e. , side burners on , middle burners off -RRB- to cook two turkeys -LRB- the most popular being the one with garlic and chili powder rubbed outside and stuffed with chopped tamales inside -RRB- , and both came out tender and juicy in under 4 hours.Two things to be mindful of . First , if you buy a propane model , know that propane burns hotter than natural gas , so you may have some adjustments in cooking times , etc. . And second , if you cook a lot on the grill like we do -LRB- 2-4 times a week -RRB- , you need to keep the grill clean . This means every few weeks , emptying the grease catch , scraping down the flavorizer bars , removing the ash build up in the bottom , and cleaning the grease from the sides and lid . Any barbeque will require this kind of cleaning for optimum performance , but the effort is definitely worth it.This grill has well exceeded our expectations , and with its 25 year warranty , we expect to be using it for years to come .
 My old -LRB- Still useable -RRB- Weber grill is a charcoal grill that I bought before my 17 year old was born . Just under 3 Years ago I got a `` name brand '' gas grill that was on sale for $ 259.00 + Tax from a discount retialer . I knew it was n't the quality of the weber but it was so much cheaper . Well it did n't take long to see that I had wasted almost $ 300.00 . I spent more time fixing and cleaning this thing so that it would work and the results were uniformly poor . This year I just could n't go through the time and expense of more rebuilds . After doing an insane amount of research the Weber Summit Gold D6 is what I came home with . Luxury grill ? Well thats as close as I can get to describing the feeling I get when using this . No Problems . No complaints . No grill at this price point offers as much quality , capacity or convenience . I 'm really glad I got this one .
 After ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- years of enjoying a Weber Genesis grill , I decided I wanted something larger and fancier . I bought a Vermont Castings grill and gave the Genesis to one of my employees . After a year of fighting flame ups , un-even cooking and overall spotty performance I decided to buy a Weber Summit Gold D. I am enjoying grilling again . The cooking is even , the flame ups are gone , and I can actually repeat a formula for perfect grill food . Weber may not be the most impressive looking , but for my money it delivers the joy of grilling again .
 This was a GREAT product . I 've owned a few before , but this one is heavy gauge , the non-stick coating is great and durable.Came on time and as advertised.I grilled with it as soon as it came in the mail that day . Put some cut up veggies on it , seasoned of course , and with a little olive oil , and BAM ! Awesome tasting grilled veggies and shrimp ! NICE !
 Inexpensive and is a perfect size . Time will tell on how long it lasts . Great for grilling fish or vegetables
 Mr. Bar B Que 06080X Premium Non-Stick Grill Topper . This product has worked very well . It was the right size for the application and the non-stick surface has performed very well .
 I love how big this is . To give you an idea of how large this is , I can easily do 3lbs of stir fry on it . I use it for stir fry , grilling veggies and anything else that can fall through the grill grate . Love it .
 I have a coiled garden hose with a firemans type nozzle . The Touch N Flow Pro does a great job . I usually have to adjuct the nozzle each time . You have to turn the nozzle by holding one end and adjusting the nozzle . With the Touch N Flow you adust the nozzle and then just release the handle of the Touch n flow and it works great . You can just close the handle and it stops flowing . . Its alos easier to adjust the fow of the nozzle now with something to hold when adjusting it . . You can not do better than with this shut off value . .
 This valve is very handy with any kind of nozzle , you get a positive shut-off without having to change your nozzle setting . GREAT !
 the Dramm wands are glued in from the factory . you can put a jet nozzle on it or a standard hose fitting . there is a notch on the inside for wand attachment.i bought a cheeper wand arm defuser and used this handle , works perfectly .
 This item is really just a valve and not a nozzle even though it looks like it might act as a nozzle . The great thing is that it lets you use whatever your favorite nozzle is with an easy shut off . The firemans style nozzles are great they just can not be used with one hand . The Touch N Flow turns it into a great single handed nozzle .
 No complaints . Seems to be well made and durable as well . The rest of this is filler to satisfy the censor and big brother .
 Put the Dramm Handi-Reach Extension - 48 &#34; together with the Dramm 22730 Touch N Flow Pro Full Flow Shut-Off Valve and Dramm 82342 400AL Heavy-Duty Aluminum Water Breaker Nozzle for my mother to use in the garden . Now she can get water all her plants with ease .
 This Dramm touch 'n flow valve makes my watering job so much easier , my hand used to get so tired , and I was tired of get water in my arm pit when I would water hanging pots , SO much nicer and easier .
 I 've only owned this for a few weeks , but so far I 'm very pleased with it . The trigger valve gives me instant on/off control , and I can use it with a variety of hose-end accessories . It seems to be a well-made , quality product.Contrary to what another reviewer said , I do n't think this valve restricts the water pressure . I use it with my Dramm RedHead breakerDramm 11000 1000PL 11 GPM Plastic Water Breaker Nozzle , which must have good pressure to work properly . It works just fine .
 I have had this product for 58 days . On the 58th day the valve would not shut off the flow of water and the volume of water was reduced when I held the handle all the way down . The valve mechanism has failed . It is not a heavy valve in any sense of the word . To collect on the limited lifetime warranty I have to pay shipping in both directions . DO NOT SPEND YOU HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS VALVE!Update
 This modern saturn-look small feeder is the cutest feeder that you can find here in the US . But you have to know its limitation or should I say , its targeted birds . Only small song birds can eat from it . It takes only black sunflower seeds although I use a premium blend and the birds just love it . It allows only ONE bird at a time to feed from it . And because of this , do n't expect a lot of bird traffic . But it 's very well made , its plastic is very hard/strong/thick . Much more sturdy than Duncraft 's Cling-a-Wing globe feeder . I need to limit bird traffic & seed dropping as chipmunks -LRB- and soon squirrels -RRB- are attracted big time so this low-traffic small feeder suits my specific application well , but if you desire something else , this feeder may disappoint you .
 We have used these very attractive and efficient feeders for many years . Since we use hulled sunflower seeds there is some white dust which accumulates on the interior surfaces . After several years the white dust clings tenaciously . The steel screws meanwhile rust making their removal for cleaning difficult or impossible . I have ordered two new units and will replace the screws with four stainless steel screws and nuts in the new units when they arrive .
 The traffic at my main feeders can get very heavy at times . I bought this small feeder for use in an inner courtyard . Has worked out just great . The smaller birds are now out of the rush hour traffic .
 I have 7 feeders in my yard , mostly tube feeders . It can get very busy and I often see house finches and dreaded house sparrows bullying the other birds away from the feeders . This feeder give the chickadess , titmice , nuthatches , and even downy woodpeckers a chance . They all take turns grabbing a sunflower seed and get some chow!It 's a little tricky to fill , a cheap plastic funnel makes a huge difference . I also `` shake '' the seed forward once every two days to make sure there 's plenty by the opening as I 'm paranoid a chickadee will try to hop in it and get stuck . Probably not necessary ! All in all a great find . I just ordered two more and am going to try these as my exclusive feeders for a few days and see if I can get the house sparrow to move on . It 's also nice that the birds do n't spill a lot of seed with this one . Good stuff .
 We have a large central feeding area which is super busy with large birds . The little guys would jet in and grab , but this feeder gives the chickadees and titmice a place of their own with absolutely no large birds able to use it . My birds had no problem using it , clever chickadees were on it and eating within the first hour after it went up . Will buy more and stage them in various spots . Will rinse it with hot water to wash , forsee no problems with it.Addendum
 This is a great bird feeder for small finch-like bird . It will take them a while to get use to , but eventually they 'll love it . No mess , easy to fill and clean .
 Mine has been in service for 3 years . Pros
 This is the best grill I ever owned . You get what your pay for . You can spent $ 150 - $ 200 every other year for a reg grill . But if you count your spending . You can get a grill like this . I grill in the summer winter fall . This is a grill that last . If you love to grill for a party of 3 to a party of 20 ? its a grill to get . I cook in rain & when snowing . And really do n't need a cover . And looks and with a lil tender maintenance on the burner holes clogs ? its still a great grill . Rust ? What 's that . This grill is stainless ... . other grills out there say there stainless buy is it all stainless ? I would get this same grill again but this grill feels like a for ever grill . The only thing like any other is the start button . Its does last for a long time but that needs normal replacement . A bbq lighter is all good . Its a grill to own . Good luck and keep on bbqing ! Peace !!!
 This product works as advertised . Affordable , light weight , and works like a charm.Be aware that the cubes are very high pH , and will make nutrient solution high pH. For good results , these need to be soaked in water and thoroughly rinsed before using , or your pH will be all off . If you rinse properly , they work as advertised .
 What can you say about a product like this other than it does what you want it to do the price was good and the shipping is fast.It is easily cut to fit any net pot with a knife or scissors .
 This rockwool is of supurb quality . The only suggestion I have to the manufacturer is to make the holes slightly smaller in diameter for this size cube . -LRB- 2x2x1 .5 in -RRB- The holes are approximately 1/4 '' on these cubes , I feel 1/8 '' might be more appropriate for this size cube .
 Get a jump start inside the house or greenhouse with these practical little rockwool beauties . Easy to pull apart . . easy to use . Its a great bonus that you can transplant with these without tearing delicate roots apart .
 the hippo is cool but it is smaller then u think . in the pic it looks bigger then it really is .
 I will agree with the previous poster , it is quite `` non chalant '' . As if it 's sitting there in your private marsh land area waiting to spring ... waiting to become an Open Mouth Hippo Head!But , between the Open Mouth and Close Mouth , I still recommend the Open Mouth for pure bang for your buck .
 Sturdy and handy this is not a cheap Chinese shovel and I think it will last
 After buying and RETURNING , a VERY expensive/cheaply made aluminum shovel , I found this SCF2950 online.This thing really is made extremely well.It feels very durable , not too heavy , and looks like it 's constructed strong/meant to last.I 've only used it once so far , but I 'm very pleased.The handle is very sturdy , with a big rubber D grip.The shaft has tiny round ridges for added grip , also.For the money , you ca n't go wrong with this one.I plan on buying another , because I like it so much.I highly recommend this shovel !
 I bought one of your snow shovels a few years back from a Ace Hardware & I 'm still using it . I had to change from the alluminum handle to a wooden one & it has a few cracks in the plastic . The Ace Hardware did n't carry this paticular shovel any longer . I looked up your products on the internet & ordered this snow shovel as I knew it would last me a long time . I like the new fiberglass handle & the shovel part looks a lot stronger . A great product & I would recomend it , & give them the reasons , to anyone when the subject of snow shovels comes up.AL
 Awesome , I got the grill I wanted . Worth the extra Cash ! No issues with delivery and building took around two hours , just take your time and read . Really enjoy the extra space and being able to have more control over tempertaure with four seperate controls , makes grilling for eight easy ! -LRB- this encludes the whole meal ! -RRB-
 This grill has turned our outdoor patio into a gourmet kitchen . A highlight for my husband has to be the overall cooking surface is huge . He is able to load the right side with veggies and the left side with meat , toss on buns if needed and still have room . The warmer rack keeps things hot without the extra cooking time . My husband swears the meat taste better and there is no question the grill looks `` Hot '' on our deck . Weber also has great grilling tips on their web site . I just tested out my favorite grilled asparagus . You lightly roll the fresh asparagus in olive oil and rock salt , grill lightly and serve , How much easier can it get .
 It is a great product , especially after the grass is cut . It is sturdy and looks great ... We like the yellow color .
 Brought this grill after looking at many others in this class . I think you can find similarly priced grills with more options than the C4 , but I could n't find one built as solidly . Fairly easy to assemble -LRB- about an hour -RRB- . The grill operates flawlessly , both in starting easily , and heating well . I 've been able to achieve a preheat/burn off temperature of 650 degrees so it gets plenty hot . The smoker is nice for adding flavor to foods , though I have n't tried to actually `` smoke '' food in it -LRB- I have a charcoal smoker for that -RRB- . If you want a great grill that performs well , and do n't mind paying for quality , this is the one . If you want lot 's of bells and whistles in a grill of questionable quality , you might want to look elseware .
 I 've had this grill for over 7 years . So far it has been a great grill . I did have a problem with two of the three ignitors . They rusted and had to be replaced which Weber did , no questions asked . They did suggest I move the grill away from my pool -LRB- chemicals and constant moisture -RRB- . All other components seem to be holding up well.The comment about the ignitors was made about 5 years ago . They are still my only complaint , and continue to have a short life . Weber does have excellent customer service . Spend the extra money on whatever grill you get . Those all stainless ones for half the money are worth what you pay for them.I also bought a different Weber for our firehouse , and it gets used about 3 days a week , every week of the year and is holding up great .
 This grill has it all , six burners , a side burner , a rotisserie with infrared burner and a smoker box with a dedicated burner . The grill grates are 3/8 '' stainless steel rods that provide great grill marks on your food . The grill heats up to 600 degrees in less than 10 minutes , but it does burn through propane rather quickly , but that would n't be any different with any 60,000 BTU grill . I was able to put the grill together by myself in a little over an hour . The fit of the pieces was fantastic and the end result was an attractive incredibly stable grill . It has two pull-up counters with stainless steel inserts , and a cabinet with stainless doors.So far I have made countless steaks , dogs and chicken breasts that all came out the same due to the even temperature on the grill . My old Charbroil would give me two raw breasts , two good breasts , and two overcooked breasts ... not with this grill . I have also slowed cooked some ribs with the smoker box going and the meat fell off the bone . But , the best meal yet was a rotisserie chicken that I prepared with a rub and injected with a marinade . The skin was crispy and the meat was tender and juicy . We 'll be making many more of those chickens in the future.Weber is a known commodity . They are built to last , and given the quality of the components -LRB- with care -RRB- I expect this grill to last at least 15 years . Many people end up having to get rid of their Weber 's after 10 , 12 , 15 years because the cart has rusted out , but that 's not an issue with this grill as the cart is constructed of 304 stainless steel.All in all , a great grill that will last a long time . My only cons would be the propane consumption and maybe the size . It 's probably a little too big for me and my family , but it was the only Weber that had all the features I wanted -LRB- mainly the rotisserie and the smoker box with burner -RRB- . If they had a four burner model with those options I would have gotten that , but alas the Weber Summit Platinum D4 does not exist .
 Overall , this is an outstanding grill . I 've had it for a year , and it 's been awesome . It Gets hot quickly , it sears food well , and it has all the bells and whistles.The stainless steel grates are the primary reason to get the platinum and not the gold . They are worth it , unless you want to use plain cast iron and constantly oil them -LRB- which also you 'd have to buy -RRB- . A couple of things to consider though :1 . The design is kind a retarded for the smoker box . Using the smoker box and the rotisserie is chore , you ca n't really open the smoker box because of the spit , and the smoker box seems to want to rely on the grates -LRB- which I remove to use the rotisserie -RRB- so with the grates gone it will tip over easily .2 . The grill has blown out a few times . I think this is due to the fact that I do n't follow the instructions and turn the gas off when I 'm done using it , I just turn the grill off . So the regulator has a protection mechanism that gets tripped , and off the grill goes . So I 've changed the way I use it , and it has n't blown out since .3 . There are these weird chains in the doors of the cabinet . I have no idea what they are for , and no one has been able to tell me.So , if I had it to do over again , I 'd get the exact same grill , it 's worth every single penny .
 The D-6 Platinum line has been replaced by the S-6 series . Notice the lower price on the new line vs the old one ? Notice the lighter weight?The all 304 steel has been replaced by a prettier version with more bling steel which covers the painted from . LOok at the back of the grill and its now painted panels.Don ' t get me wrong , the new grill mechanically is the same and in a way they `` Made '' it look more like a $ 2000 grill should look , but its not the same . Weber has a problem I think cracking the high end market as so many of their models are sold at big box retailers . They sell a lot of them ! I was not looking for a stainless as the grills looks are not that important . Lets be real , its stays under a cover 95 % of the time . Since when did grills become a status symbol ? My old red Weber looks real bad these days , and is not as even as she used to be , but we got more mouths to feed and I needed a bigger grill . Ok , I WANTED a bigger grill . Nobody NEEDS a bigger grill execpt the caterer!Weber about the only mass producer of grills USA made and that means somthing to me . My 15 year old unit now goes to the beach with us and will soldier on . ITs been great and while I looked at many different brands I came back to the Weber as a satisfied customer . Because this is last years model I got a great price as it was the last at the store . This was one of those higher line stores and they carry only some of the better brands and the high line Webers you do n't see at home depot.The New Genesis model was very nice and that was what I was looking for . I noticed they sell a slightly smaller one at Home Depot without the Stainless flava bars and grill . Also about $ 150 less ! But there are differences . I saw this one in the corner and it was evident while it was not the pretty boy of the group , it had a 25 % sale on it and I scooped it up.Had to get a natural gas hook up as its been said a 6 burner unit will drink the propane ! Its been nice to not worry about the tanks any more!Great grill ! This one should last me a long time !
 This unit is well-built , will last , and is easy to use . Assembly is a breeze . We have had it almost two years and it performs superbly in all types of cooking -- it heats up quickly -LRB- and gets HOT ! -RRB- , yet the flames can be turned way down and never blow out . We use it several times a week and a propane canister lasts about three to four weeks . Of course , if you turn all its mighty burners on and leave 'em that way , it 'll eat a lot of propane . But that kind of usage would quickly cremate anything you might be cooking . I suspect that people who complain about propane consumption with this barbecue are cooking with the hood up , contrary to Weber 's instructions -LRB- and common sense -RRB- . And , let 's face it , any barbecue with six mighty burners like these will use its share of propane.Pluses : Thick , solid stainless steel bars sear beautifully and will last forever . You want solid bars ! The thermal inertia is key to good grilling . And stainless means no rusty taste , no chipping , and easy to clean.Fine flame control . Six burners let you configure the heat the way you want . The rotisserie and smoker box have thier own burners ! The side burner works well too for cooking veggies and stuff in a pot.Powerful yet capable of gentle cooking.Won ' t rust.Built like a tank.No cheap Chinese componentry as often found in even formerly premium brands , and all `` house brands '' , most of which are made entirely in China , even the big stainless-steel extravaganzas that sell for thousands . Do n't be fooled by fancy knobs and gewgaws -- the quality is just not there deep inside far too many barbecues today . I 've personally witnessed two big top-of-the-line house brand barbecues returned to a leading warehouse retailer by irate purchasers who could n't believe they 'd crap out after a year . That never happens with Weber.Convenient fold-down work surfaces.Easy to clean.Huge cooking area.Anti-flare burner configuration works well.Lights instantly.Easy to wheel around the yard -- something I wanted to be able to do , and which a built-in would n't allow.Fantastic Weber service . Mine was manhandled by the shipping company ; Weber handled my complaint with the shipping company for me -LRB- I did n't have to do anything at all -RRB- and sent me a new panel without any hassle at all . Their 24-hour support hotline is the best I 've used anywhere for any product , and emails are handled same-day . Negatives : Expensive -LRB- but worth it -RRB- . I 'd buy it again in a heartbeat . It was my first Weber after years of thinking they were only popular because they 're stylish . Now I get it .
 We thought we 'd review our grill after having it for a couple of years now . This Weber Summit Platinum continues to perform very well . We 've had no breakdowns , the heat continues to be vast and even . It 's still easy to look at . We will stick with Weber - one of the few companies that make things to last , not die in five years . Thank you Weber !! , Thank you Amazon ! Amy Nymark
 My wife and I have a vacation cottage business . Consequently , we own several grills . This grill is awesome and very popular with our customers . With 6 burners , it does use a bit more gas than smaller grills , so we always keep an extra propane tank on hand . We would definitly purchase this again .
 I have to admit that I had a hard time choosing between the Summit Platinum B6 Propane Grill and the D6 , the only difference being the rotisserie . In the end , I realized that I did n't eat a lot of chicken on the grill -LRB- give me steaks or tuna -RRB- , so I did n't pay the extra $ 300 for something I was likely not going to use -LRB- the rotisserie -RRB- . I am extremely happy with this grill . First of all , friends , it 's just absolutely gorgeous . The stainless steel is beautiful and very easy to clean . Secondly , this bad boy cranks up to full heat in less than 10 minutes . Thirdly , the heating is sufficient to sear tuna -LRB- 1 minute per side with sashimi grade ahi tuna , and perfection -RRB- or steak without cooking it all the way through . Finally , the heat is even throughout , and the adjustable burners make for very easy indirect cooking.I have to admit that I am still a charcoal man at heart -LRB- and I keep an old Weber charcoal pit on the side -RRB- , but I may have made a late life conversion based upon the ease of use here . It 's just too easy , and has had me cooking outside much much more.As an aside , this grill arrived in New Orleans -LRB- home town -RRB- one month before the storm . Consequentally , this baby was my sole source of cooking for over a month . I think that makes it a survival tool , and I 'm thinking about sending the receipt to FEMA . ; -RRB-
 As a person who grills during all seasons , I am very picky about grills and their components . Found this Webber and looked into all aspects of grill -LRB- rotisserie and all -RRB- . Found that rotisserie was not necessary for my type of grilling , and saved about $ 350 . I love this grill . True to temp . and fast heating . From steaks to vegies , thie grill is the best I have ever had . You 'll love it
 This shovel does what it is supposed to do , i.e. , pick up snow , with less effort than a conventional snow shovel . The grip handle makes it easier to hold onto as well . A fine product .
 If I did not have a job I would be outside with my grill.Moving from southern Calif. to Ohio made me realize that not everyonegrills year round . This grill helps me keep my sanity in this crazyworld . It is the perfect companion when I need to gain order . Just fireit up get my food ready and WOW it seems like it is done . This WEBERgrill is the third one I have owned in my travels these past 40 some yearsand it is amazing ! Spend a little get a whole lot and then some ... I recently needed a part for an older kettle grill called Weber direct , three days later I was grilling again ! Many times I use this grill for seafood . Ca n't be beat for the many ways to cook , so precise in temps , never worry about burning ... . GET THIS GRILL !!!!
 Love it , love it , love it . Easy to put together and works like a charm . Make sure you have plmber put in the appropraite gas line . The smoker box is great and it 's so easy to use . Highly recommend this grill !
 Absolutely buy Weber grills , mine is 4 years old and cooks like a dream . I never get flash fires and the food never gets burned . Build quality of Weber grills is second to none . You can spend several thousands of dollars more for the same grill but it will not cook any better than Weber . I never have mine covered although you should and not one hint of rust anywhere . You know a grill is good when you do n't have to think about it . Just go out clean it before I grill and cook thats the way it should be . I was hesitant to buy such a large purchase from Amazon but they delivered trouble free and I was up and running in 3 hours after delivery . Amazon has the cheapest prices for Weber grills when I was researching on the net .
 This product was exactly what I wanted . The skimmer is larger and more durable than the previous version . Very pleased
 The intex Kyrstal Clear Wall Mounted surface skimmer works wonderfully . My pool has a deck mounted flush with the top of the pool so I had to heat the mounting strap to straighten it out to screw it to the deck . The depth of the skimmer is adjustable and when the cotton wood trees around my pool started to drop their cotton , it cleared the surface extremely well . The inner basket pulls out easily for cleaning . I previously could only find a stocking type surface skimmer that hooped to the outlet flow . That was a nightmare . This skimmer hooks to the intake and I would recommend it to everyone .
 I 've had an Easy Set Pool for 4 years now . Every summer we put it up and every fall we take it down . Up until this year , we had to vacuum it 2-3 times a week and there was always stuff floating in it . However , this year has been different since we decided to buy this skimmer.First of all , it 's extremely easy to set up and install . Once you get it set , it takes a little getting used to , but once you get it into place , it works like a dream.Because we have a high powered , aftermarket pump -LRB- not one made for or by Intex -RRB- , we get a lot of suction both from the top and even from the bottom , giving us 2 current streams which helps keep our pool water crystal clear.We only have to vacuum once a week , unless we 've had a major storm , but there 's always much less `` stuff '' on the bottom of the pool.We do clean our filter more often - 1-2 times a week instead of 1-2 times every 2 weeks . It gets filthy with the skimmer sucking in all of the little flowers and debris from the trees in our backyard . But that 's a simple operation and one I do n't mind one bit since I like clean pool water.This is the best $ 25 I 've ever spent on an accessory for this pool . And once we upgrade to a hard side pool -LRB- not one with the inflatable ring -RRB- we 'll still be able to use it because it comes with attachments for both.It 's sturdy and it decreases the time spent on maintenance . Really , what more can you ask for ?
 The pool skimmer was just exactly as described . It fit our pool perfectly . The price was good and it was received in a short time .
 This works great for getting the surface debris out of the pool . We wish it came with a finer filter inside the basket that made all the skimmed stuff stay inside the basket as you take it out to empty it . Other than that , it keeps our pool pretty clean . We 're happy with it .
 Once the skimmer is properly adjusted , it 's a hungry toy , diligently sucking in floating intruders . The key is to adjust and align the skimmer properly and keep the connections tight . This was my first day using the pool . The skimmer cleaned the surface in little time . Just remember to switch over to the main wall skimmer and empty the basket .
 Does the job in keeping the pool cleaner . Would n't call it a toy though . Very pleased .
 This product works great for skimming off all surface debris in my Intex pool . I can keep the pool a lot cleaner because nothing is falling to the bottom of the pool so I do not have to vacuum the bottom of the pool so often . When installing it you have to make sure the hose attached to it is laying properly under the water so it does not push skimmer up causing it to float . Once you have this positioned right the skimmer box sits level . Also put the holder on the smallest position around inflated tube to hold it tight . If you do both of this things the skimmer will sit flush to the water level and skim perfectly.If you have tried these things when installing and still the skimmer floats then you might be using it with a pump that does not have enough suction to hold it down . Might have to upgrade your pump .
 Easy to install & this product does the job it 's supposed to but I have to admit it does n't stay in place very well & needs constant adjusting .
 I purchased this last year and it 's worked great from day one . I have it on a 18 ' X 24 '' pool and it filters out a great deal of debris . I do n't understand the negative reviews ; perhaps it 's being used on the wrong type/size of pool . I 'm using the small pump which came with the pool package and the it 's doing a wonderful job . The only caveat is that if you do n't maintain the same level of water you will have to adjust the basket height . This is a very quick and simple operation , as you only have to loosen one screw which has a handle that you can turn by hand . This takes less than one minute ! This has really cut down on the amount of time I spend cleaning and changing filters .
 We 've been using this skimmer for several years now and it 's worth it 's weight in gold . We NEVER have to use the handheld net to clean off the pool surface any longer . The skimmer does it in about 15 minutes and keeps it clean all day long .
 I learned quickly after purchasing new pool parts that our above ground pool is much more fun when everything is workign properly . Replacing old broken worn plastic pool parts made our pool as worry free as when it was brand new .
 Great skimmer , good quality well made . I use it in my in-ground pool with a home made mounting bracket clamped to the pool deck near a suction port in the side of my pool . It 's nice having the additional skimmer at the other end of the pool .
 This pool skimmer does the job . Now my pool h2o stays clear and it is large enought to put my 3 '' tabs in it ; it is also built stronger then the last skimmer I had.Now I do n't have to clean the basket out as much as I did in the pass . This is a great product .
 We purchased the following item
 I would highly recommend this product . We used to spend hours skimming all the bugs and other crap out of the pool when we got home before we could enjoy it ! After working all day , coming home and doing normally nightly chores , then having to be a slave to our pool before we could enjoy , now we come home and dive in !! -LRB- I do recommend you take the skimmer off before you dive in , or everything that is in the skimmer will come back out from your movement knocking it around . -RRB-
 I have had an Intex easy set pool for 7 seasons now , and unfortunately the plastic parts do n't last but for a couple of seasons . So this year was time to replace the skimmer . This skimmer is by far superior than the one that comes with the pool . This one can take the cannon balls and waves where as the original would come out and stop working , but not this one . . They got it right with this surface skimmer . . Do not hesitate to purchase this one.If you have an Intex pool and are using the water circulatory pump that came with your pool , it is not powerful enough to operate this skimmer . You need a real pool pump to do the job . I am using a one HP motor and as I said it works very well . .
 Before purchasing this skimmer I spent a lot of time skimming bugs and leaves off the top of the pool water before we could use it . Since installing the skimmer I have not had to do it a single time . Definitely a must have !
 With an aftermarket 3/4 HP sand filter this item works as advertised . Positioning and adjustment kind of tricky at first . Per instructions , needs to be removed during pool activity . The waves tend to let the collected material that is floating to escape . Otherwise this skimmer saves me hours of skimming .
 I recieved this skimmer in an unopened box . It had never been used . Arrived very quickly .
 For all of those of us that purchased one of those round , bean bag looking swimming pools , with the inflated ring at the top , this is an outstanding addition to the pump/filter system that collects floating material at the surface -LRB- bugs , etc. -RRB- and spares the small paper filter the burden of collecting this material and requiring more frequent changes . This skimmer is a breeze to install and maintain . I HIGHLY reccommend this product .
 -LRB- This is not a toy is in reference to the fact that this product is in Amazon 's toy section . -RRB- This little thing keeps me from skimming A LOT ! In fact I probably skim about 80 % less now thatnks to this . One tip I can provide is that when you are done playing in the pool , take EVERYTHING out of the pool so debris does n't get stuck on it and it can be picked up by the skimmer . Toys , ladder , etc. . And do n't just use the skimmer like I did when I first got it . You need to switch back and forth from the skimmer to the regular intake port so that the pump/filter can clean more than just the surface water . I kept getting cloudy water and I could n't figure out why until one day I took the skimmer off , it was then I realized what I was doing wrong lol.Also it shoould be adjusted so the skimmer 's basket and floating part are only 1 inch apart , more than that and it will float away . But it states the 1 '' tip in the directions.And I have found that cleaning the filter is required maybe only once per week now . Skimmer or not , the filter should be cleaned once per week to avoid porblems and keep your water clear . If you have to clean your filter every day as one said , something else is going on than the skimmer.It saves me from constantly having to go out and skim so it is a definate must have !
 After the glowing reviews and me being one not to enjoy constanly skimming the pool with a net , I had to give this unit a try . It works very well , I had opened the pool and my pump gave out the very day I set everything up . So I oredered a new pump and this skimmer . After a week of heavy winds the pool was not looking so good and all kinds of debris was floating in the pool . This skimmer had the surface clear within 30 minutes and even cleaned up a good amount of the stuff I stirred up vacumming the grunge from the bottom . Very happy with this purchase and the ease with which it can be disconnected is nice as my two little fish pay no attention to such things and would surely dislodge if I could n't remove it so easily .
 This is not a toy , it is for getting the trash out of the pool . Better product than the one that comes with the pool . I really like this one better .
 I purchased this product for my 16 x 42 Summer Escape Quickset Pool . . I had to have a piece made so I could attach it to the intake , and it works fabulously . . it cleans my pool within 30 mins or so and is a MUST for any small aboveground pool . . I would recommend it to anyone . .
 The item is just as described and works as stated . The item is a exact replacement for the item that broke .
 This skimmer is great ! I affixed it to the side of my 14 ' Intex Ultra Frame pool , and all the bugs , sticks , etc. come right to it and are sucked into the basket , taking the load off the filter and making the surface of the water clear of debris . I love it and recommend it . Well worth the money !
 I received these in one day ! I purchased these for my 7 ' umbrella , although installation would have been a lot easier if I had a larger umbrella . It just took a little extra time spacing these on the arms just right , and securing the extra wire . It was a bit tedious , but the result is wonderful ! I thought these had an amber glow , but in reality , they are almost a blue-white , and they do give off a lot of light , which sort of makes the table glow . I was hoping for the amber , softer effect , but these are fine and give off enough light to read by . Very happy with these , and service was great ! I would recommend these , but they are best for a 9 ' umbrella .
 I 've never owned a grill before - but have heard good things about the Weber series . I could n't be more happy with the purchase ! I was a bit skeptical ordering such a large item from Amazon and on having to put it together myself . Delivery went very smoothly . The company that delivered it even brought it up into my 3rd floor walkup apartment.I think Weber claims that it takes 10 minutes to put this series together . That might be a slightly fast - but I definitely had it up and ready in under an hour . One person can do everything except one lifting step.I use it even more than I thought I would and it does a great job . Vegetables , seafood , pizza - everything works great.It 's a bit more than more basic grills , but I think when you see the construction you 'll realize you 're getting a lot for your money .
 I bought this grill for my husband , as a Christamas gift . He said that it is awesome . He says you can walk away and not worry about anything burning . Also , he says that it heats the food evenly . The warming rack is a great asset too . Finally , what he likes most is that you can control the temperature for each side . Wow what a awesome product .
 This is the best grill that I 've ever had . It lights every time and cooks everything to perfection . It 's easy to clean . I am really enjoynig it for the second season . The Weber cover is a definite plus.The blue color is really nice - I love blue !
 This is our first grill . We have only used it once , but it was very easy to use & easy to clean . I love the storage area underneath and I like how the side `` table '' area can expand.It is expensive compared to a lot of the other grills that are out there , but I 've heard it 's worth it . A friend of mine said they had to replace their grills every 2 years or so until they bought this one .
 Wonderful grill . Everything we expected . Shipping a problem . Showed up a week late . Sat at home for three different delivery dates before the shipper finally showed up . Grill was slightly damaged - we elected to keep it rather than start the shipping hassles over again . Not sure the money we saved buying through Amazon was worth it .
 i picked up my weber at hdepot . . sale . . it is all it is advertised . . iloveit already . . only used it a few times but it is fantastic . the reviews led me to purchase . . whoopiee
 Charcoal grilling arguably produces better flavors , but propane has inarguable convenience . Some of the benefits of propane include push-button ignition , no lighter fluid , no coaxing the charcoal to burn evenly and no messy charcoal to clean up . If you 've made the decision to go propane , the Weber Silver A is a good selection . It 's a well-made and of sturdy construction . It requires some assembly , but no tools that are n't provided with grill . The manufacturer claims the grill can be assembled in less than 40 minutes and that 's approximately how long it took me to assemble it . It is necessary to lift the heavy body of the grill and set it down upon the stand . The directions show two people performing this task . I was assembling the grill by myself and was able to do this by myself , but I would imagine it is wiser and safer to do it with two people . The Silver A is significantly smaller than many of the other grills on the market . I have limited space in my backyard , so the more compact design was an added plus . If considering the Silver A , you should probably look at the Silver B as well . Although a little more expensive , the Silver B offers 36,000 BTU 's to the Silver A 's more modest 26,000 BTU 's . Although I 'm happy with the performance of the Silver A , the Silver B is probably worth the investment if the grill is going to get heavy usage . There is a Silver C model as well , but this is a larger model that does not share the more compact design of its smaller siblings . I recommend the Silver A to anyone looking for a compact , but quality propane grill , but would urge the prospective purchaser to look at the more powerful yet compact Silver B model as well .
 I just bought a new Genesis after owning my last one for 11 years . Excellent product . There 's plenty of product info on this page from Amazon and the manufacturer , so let me tell you a few things that I do to make my Weber work best for me.-Most importantly ... keep it covered . Amazon sells a cover ... get it . Not coving it will cut its life in half at least.-Cover the funnel shaped grease drip pan with tin foil and change it regularly ; otherwise build-up in the trap can catch fire and THAT does not make a steak taste very good.-Change the disposable grease traps regularly -LRB- otherwise they start to stink -RRB- . - Get yourself a quality wire brush and use it before each use ... NOT after . The build-up on the cooking grates after each use actually protects them from the elements.-Before each use , after you wire brush the grates , put some cooking oil on some paper towels and wipe the grates down.-Pre-heat the grill on high for at least 5 - 10 minutes ; it burns off anything left over from the cleaning and makes the cooking grates nice and hot.-Initiate cooking steaks , chops , any cuts of meat -LRB- even burgers ... no , not hot dogs -RRB- on just-over-medium heat for 2 minutes on each side and flip before cooking to your liking . This brief searing of each side locks in the flavor of your cut of meat.-Cook with a closed cover ; normal cuts of meat should n't take more than a total of 10 minutes -LRB- including the searing -RRB- . - Let your meat sit for up to 5 minutes before slicing -LRB- or biting into it ! -RRB- . This locks in the juices ; if the juices are too hot when you slice -LRB- or bite -RRB- , they 'll run right out of your cut of meat.There you go . Hope that helps . And do n't forget to cover the grill after it cools . Bon appetit !
 I purchased this grill for my husband four years ago and we are still very happy with it . It has held up very well . When we were having problems with it lighting the back burner , I called customer service and they were extremely helpful . They saved me buying a whole new burner set by explaining to me how to remove the tubes , check and clean them . We are now replacing the racks and flavorizer bars -LRB- $ 60.00 -RRB- since they are just too hard to clean after all this time . I have found replacement parts at Home Depot and Lowes which is a plus to know I can easily get the parts . I do n't see us haveing to buy a new grill anytime in the near future .
 I 've been watching silver A for a while , thinking to buy it from amazon while it is on sale . But I finally decided to get it from a local Ace Hardware Store . Here is why : The pirces are not significant differrent between amazon and Ace . But Ace offered free assembly , free delivery , free gas refill.And the most important feature to me is
 I bought my genisis Silver A six years ago . Despite some abuse by me -LRB- not covering it when it is raining , ignoring grease fires while watching tv , not cleaning it regularly , not replacing the flavorizer bars -RRB- it still is going strong and continues to produces the most delicious burgers , steaks and grilled chicken ever . I 'm really glad I invested in the weber and not in a cheaper brand . The size , for me is perfect . You can fit a lot of meat on this grill .
 This is one fantastic grill . It is easy to ignite and heats up faster than Death Valley in July . Cleaning is easy with removable parts . For maximum effect , I suggest some type of grill cleaner to dissolve the carbonized left overs . That will make your BBQ look like new . There 's some assembly required which took us about twice as long as the directions say it should , but once you taste your steaks and burgers , you will never be sorry you made the purchase .
 This grill works great and really survives the elements . It looks brand new even after a stormy winter on our Chicago balcony . I highly recommend it for smaller places because the shelves fold down and out of the way when not in use .
 I was impressed looking at this grill at Home Depot , and was even more impressed at the price on Amazon.com . In using the grill , I discovered that the Weber is truly better than what I have been used to in the past . The food actually tastes better!The assembly took a little longer than the 30 minutes given in the instruction sheet . I had a little difficulty in interpreting the pictures , and I feel that some written instructions would have been beneficial .
 I 'm happy with my grill . Putting it together was n't that hard . It took me under an hour also , but one thing to note is that when putting on the right bar with the container make sure the container is placed properly before you completely jam in the bar or else it will be very difficult to remove the bar and properly place the container . The grilling was great , flames were consistent . Cleaning is a pain though , but I think thats a pain for all grills .
 I purchased my first Weber genesis silver in about 1993 and it is still going strong . I had to replace a few parts over the years but they were easy to find by either calling Weber or going to home depot where they sell some of the replacement parts.I Purchased my second Weber genesis silver for my second home in 2007 and it works flawlessly . Because I grill a lot I do clean the grill now and then but i have never had a problem ever.Weber makes the best grills I have ever used . You will now and then hear some people complain about one thing or another but take my advice , get a Weber , clean it once a year if you use it heavaly and enjoy 15 plus years of care free grilling .
 I did a lot of research before investing in this Weber . I had never had good luck with a gas grill before and wanted to be sure that it was worth the money . In the end , I put my faith in Weber and was not disappointed.This grill is simply awesome . It is easy to assemble , everything is heavy-duty , and it cooks GREAT . I love natural gas ; you never run out of propane in the middle of cooking a chicken .
 Product arrived without assembly screws . Weber were fantastic in product support and shipped directly . Now Assembled this is a very versatile BBQ , have n't used the rotisserie yet but am sure it will be as effective as the rest .
 Great grill in every way . Everything just as promised . Very easy to assemble . Fast shipping , too .
 This seems to be a better built system with a higher grade of steel than most . The bolt kit is of higher quality too than most . This is a recommended buy .
 This unit is just the thing for portable installations -LRB- camping , field day , extended boondocking.Don ' t know why it 's so hard to find . Maybe discontinued . bummer.Get it if you find it .
 The hummingbirds are feeding from the feeder , they 're happy and so am I . It is small enough for the birds that come into the yard , it 's perfect .
 I purchased this product to keep away unwanted pests from eating my flowers . It has worked ! I will be ordering more for other areas of my yard .
 Been in the ground for about three weeks and has seemingly scared away the moles . May need to get another one for the other side of the yard or keep moving this one to make sure they do n't come back . So far , a good purchase .
 I am pleasantly surprised so far . Since installing this simple device we have n't seen a single groundhog . They were all over the place before ! My garden might just make it this summer ! I am so excited !
 Ordered 6 of these to cover a large areaAfter trying various other methods to getRid of moles . They have been in place forA few weeks now & we have n't seen anynew runs or mounds since !!!! FINALLYsomething that seems to work , the yard looksbetter already !!!!
 After trying digging , water , and poison pellets I was about to give up . Nothing worked and the mole just kept digging in my yard . I looked online and found this as a solution . After being in my yard for a few days the tunneling stopped and the mole had given up . No batteries to change and no wires . Just needs sunlight.Wish I had tried this long ago , but now I have 2 of these in my yard and no more moles ...
 Very easy to use and set up , you will know it is working by the beep it makes every 15 seconds or so . Inside the beep seemed a little loud so I wondered if we would hear it inside once I set it up outside . Did not hear the beep at all inside once I set it up outside . When you are close you do hear the beep but it is not to loud . We have a small garden that we use it for , well within the recommended dimensions . I buried it to where the solar panel was only a couple of inches above the ground . If you dig a hole to bury the unit make sure you pack the dirt , this will help convey the sound waves through the ground . Covered the mole holes every day and after about a week they did not come back . But wait , after a few days the holes were back , so apparently the moles came back hoping the annoyance had gone away . I was disappointed but decided to give it a little more time . Again covered the holes every day for about a week and then the holes disappeared again but this time for good ! Overall it took about three weeks to get rid of the moles permanently . It has now been two months and they have not come back . Also appears to have had some effect on the larger pests but that was not my concern because of the small 18 inch high fence we have around the garden . If moles are your problem it worked for us . Recommended .
 This product works to run moles away from it as advertised . I have 2 of them .
 I bought the Solar Pest Repeller about a month ago after having several mole runs appear in my rather large yard . My cats were having a hey day hunting the moles but my yard was on its way to virtual total destruction ! I placed one pest repeller in the center of all the runs and have not had one new hill appear since then . It would appear that the moles have packed their bags ! I may buy a second one if I see any new activity on the other side of the yard , but so far it seems they 've completely left my yard .
 So-o-o far they 're great units , the little varmits do n't seem to like the noise and move on .
 placed two of these in my 20 ' x 30 ' garden one month ago and the moles have stayed away from my vegetables . The moles , however are still around . If I did n't have the sunforce products , I am sure they would have ate everything .
 INSTALLED IN MY YARD . HAVE N'T HAD A NEW MOLE HILL SINCE . CHASED THEM OUT OF MY YARD AND THAT IS ALL I CARE ABOUT !!
 We put them out in the yard and charged them with sunlight just like it says and the Moles , Gophers , Groundhogs are GONE . Thank you .
 This is the second solar pest repeller I have purchased . The first is still working fine , at the side of the yard . The second is protecting the yard at the back . The moles or gophers are sent back into my neighbor 's yard . I will probably buy a third repeller for the other side of my yard as I see that yard has pests . The solar pest repeller is an excellent way to keep free of the burrowers . It does not kill or harm . Does not disturb the dog or cats . It works 24/7 , and is a great value for the money . My neighbors are not happy but I am . `` Ce la vie '' , they need to buy their own repellers !
 We had moles , but apparently only temporarily . We purchased 2 and set them up to try and prevent their return . They may not come back , even without these units . One of the units makes a buzzing noise , I guess that 's the deterrent , but one appears dead . I contacted the company about the bad unit and it 's been about 2 weeks and I 've heard NOTHING back . Sunforce is the brand ... apparently customer support is not their forte . Harbor Freight has similar units for about $ 9.00 on sale . Maybe I 'll try them.UPDATE
 My garden was getting destroyed by moles/gophers before I bought one of these pest repellers . I love the fact that it 's solar so I do n't have to worry as much about dead batteries . It seems to work , the moles/gophers have left my garden alone after about 1 week of use . Highly recommended .
 We live in a park-like setting with lots of wildlife , last year was the first year that we had issues with moles in our lawn - and they made a MESS . I got one of these about 8 weeks ago - so far no moles have come back in to the yard . The other bonus -LRB- I ca n't for sure say it is the Pest Repeller -RRB- we have a huge issue with deer eating everything in the yard - at least in the area of the lawn the deer have not been - this is a real plus if in fact it is the device . While working in the yard you can hear the sound that is transmitted about every 30 or 45 seconds - it is not a bother , just noticeable . I waited to rate this to make sure I had enough time to prove it worked . I must also admit that we are using something on the lawn to elimitate grubs and I do think that is helping .
 Have been using the mole repeller for about 1 month and no new mole holes in the back yard . I plan on purchasing at least 1 more for the front yard . The moles in our neighborhood have been excessive this year but so far , this particular mole repeller has worked . Squirrels are another subject , they just look at it . We are very satisfied with this product .
 I have purchased these before . They are quite adequate in doing their job - scaring off the moles . I used to find holes all over my flower beds and when I have one of these operational outside , this eliminated the problem . Only reason for 4/5 stars is they often die after a year or so and then I have to purchase another .
 highly recommend this . we started having gopher holes about 4 months ago ... I ordered this on a 2-day hurry ship . we shoved it in the ground , be sure to shove it 3/4 into the ground . it sends out sound waves that gophers do not like . never had a problem again!very happy with this .
 Purchased 1 to see if it worked . Installed 4 days ago and it 's sent the ground mole 50 feet away . Back to purchase more to get them out of my gardens and lawn .
 After ten + years of living in our house I noticed some mole hills popping up around our back yard for the first time and they were especially prevalent over by our vegetable garden . This is despite having three dogs who do their business all over the yard . This led me to believe the urine-based deterrents currently available probably would n't work so I opted for a sonic/vibration option and thought a solar-powered one would negate the need to change batteries frequently.When the Sunforce 80001 arrived , assembly was simply a case of hooking up the molex connector and popping the solar panel onto the stem . I did note a DC outlet plug connector on the underside of the panel but it does n't seem to be needed , possibly it 's to allow the company to precharge the device before shipment or it 's a legacy part from a different model . Unfortunately there 's no way to indicate the device is switched on ; no LED light or button to press so I assumed it was doing its thing silently but chose not to bury it until I was certain it was working . A cursor amount of online research revealed it should make an audible noise , so after a few days of leaving it in the sun on our deck and hearing nothing I presumed it was DOA and sent it back for a replacement which Amazon handled as simply and efficiently as ever.The new one arrived and it was then evident the old one was indeed dead , as the new one makes a very clear beep around every ten seconds . So this one went into the ground ... and would you believe it - the moles absconded . Now , it could be a coincidence due to the increased activity of us prepping the area and planting for the season 's harvest . I really could n't say for sure , but I can say for certain that within two days of me sticking the Sunforce 80001 in the ground all evidence of the moles had disappeared.One star off for the DOA model but in all honesty ... I 'm a believer !
 The only problem some people may have with this product is following the directions given in the manual . It is so easy to put together ... you plug the male and female plugs together and put the wiring into the socket . Then put the top on and it is ready to go . What the manual does not say is that the battery has not been installed into the top . The battery is found inside the tubing and if one does not turn the tube upside down so that it falls out , they may not know the battery is there . That may be part of the reason that some people say this does not work properly . I hear a ` beep ' periodically , which I do not mind , as long as it keeps the moles out . When the beeping is no longer heard , you know you need to replace the rechargeable battery .
 For several years I 've been plagued by gophers . I have dogs that would like to help me root them out and so they 've had to be confined to a pen that has chicken wire to prevent the digging -LRB- the only time they dig is to go after the gophers -RRB- . My yard looked like it had the measles from all the gopher mounds and mowing was a real drag . I did get smelly things , tried all the organic methods I could find from garlic to peppers to castor oil sprayed on the runs -LRB- apparently they do n't like that -RRB- . There was no change . I just hate to kill them ! This little thing did the trick . I live in clay soil so I guess it 's helpful but the mole holes have completely stopped . There is no evidence left that they like my yard . I bought two and put them one in the front and one in the back but the gophers in the side yard seem to be gone too . I 'm on just under 3/4 acre . I think the change is these devices as the timing was right but as soon as it warms a little more here , I will know for sure . I 'm pretty sure already as I was getting new mounds of activity and they have completely stopped , so I 'm thinking these babies did the job . Yippee , no gophers ! Maybe I can let the dogs back into the big yard !
 The product arrived quickly , installed easily , and has done a great job of chasing away those pesky rodents !! It emits a high frequency sound so that you know it 's doing its job !!
 The Sunforce 80001 Solar Pest Repeller works as advertised . It started up straight way and has n't stopped all summer . True to published cautions , it does tend to attract creatures out of curiosity for the first day or so before repelling them , but that 's certainly not a defect of the product . We bought two of these to cover our somewhat large front lawn and I find it advantageous to move them around every few weeks just to ensure we 're `` marking our turf '' and not letting any of our little visitors get too accustomed to the buzzing that the repellers emit . I can recommend this product to anyone suffering from underground attacks as a reliable means of discouraging unwanted space invaders .
 It has the large solar cell surface and works longer time than other devices.Even after the dark , it works.It is great for us to have this device in our both front and back yards.No more problem by moles .
 Long-term report
 We saw that the gophers moved away by 20 ft. the next day of installing these Sunforce Solar Pest Repellers . We have not seen any new holes in a yard a week later . We have a large acre and half yard . We are trying to chase them into the neighbors yard , and hopefully they wont read this review and buy some themselves .
 I think it is working since we do n't have any new mounds , but -LRB- sh -RRB- my both of neighbors have new ones . So , I guess the moles have been tunneling elsewhere .
 I put a dish of this mixture outside daily . Various birds , chipmunks , and squirrels dive right in . Can be used year round .
 I got this to store my weave poles and jumps for agility . Everything fits . I did not give it 5 stars because when it arrived not all the holes were punched cleanly through and it took some effort to clear the holes so that the rack could be assembled . I had also hoped it would be sturdy and stable enough to roll around the yard to where I had planned to set up each jump or row of weave poles but it really is not . I keep it on the porch and carry the items to where I want them . It is not perfect but it does keep all the bits organized and the yard neat .
 Well , they do as advertised . Great for rooting cuttings . Soaked them in clonexsolution for about 5 minutes , inserted the cutting . Kept the cubes moist and understrong lighting and in 2 weeks had roots on my cuttings . Jade trees of course . . whatare you going to use them for ??
 These rockwool cubes are a good way to start cuttings . Light , sterile , easy to handle and affordable . They do the trick .
 If it 's exposed to light you wil see alegy grow on it , but it does work great retaining water and air . Just cover it up .
 Been using rockwool cubes for cuttings for a long time now . Have always had good luck them them . I normally start seeing roots after about a week for most of my cuttings .
 I ordered a set of these since I needed to plant some seedling in them . All you really need to do is use the General Hydroponics PH Test Kit and you will be able to use these Rockwool cubes properly.You need to soak these in 5.5 PH water for 24 hours so feel free to order these if you have a PH tester to completely take advantage of this great product !
 Rockwool , is the BEST for controlling the moisture and nutrient content of your medium . Period . It holds the most oxygen , is the most easily flushed , holds moisture for the most optimum amount of time , so on , and so forth.These 1.5 's are great , they go directly into the 6-4 inch blocks . . And the wrapped cubes are great for clones because , once they are PROPERLY treated , they retain the perfect moisture/oxygen content . 100 % successes rate , if you know what your doing . They make books . . Product arrived smashed in a tiny box . Otherwise 5 star .
 Been using the rockwool cubes a while now and they really perform well for me . I really like how they come individually wrapped in the sheets as that allows you to leave the wrapper on and lets me focus the root growth down -LRB- not a big issue just keeps any from coming out the lower sides of the mesh baskets where the misters might not completely cover the roots -RRB- . They work great in hydroponic systems but are also pretty cool if you own one of those little indoor kitchen gardens for herbs and whatnot , you can tear off little pieces of these cubes and use them in that which is alot cheaper than buying their ` custom ' ones.Advice
 These were exactly what I was looking for . They were really cheap for how much you got so I was impressed and I really havent tried them out yet but rockwool is rockwool so I trust them until something goes wrong . Very fast in shipping and got it way before the dead line .
 These are great for seeds . I always get better results than any other medium I have tried and they are easier to monitor , easier to thin out and the will dissolve in soil.I have heard mix reviews for spray aeroponics systems and clogging from the dissolved medium . I use an ultrasonic aeroponics system and I have had no issues.They will develop algae but you can develop that same algae in soil or any other medium you just do n't see it .
 Made by the best rockwool company , Grodan . Consistant results when used correctly!Grodan has released videos on YouTube to give complete instructions for conditioning and using.YOU WILL NEED A WAY TO TEST pH ! And a way to adjust , like pH up/down or lemon juice as I use.You will also need powdered or gel cloning hormone , to jumpstart rooting process.Good Luck !
 Best way to start your seeds and cuttings in my opinion . Never had a problem using these cubes . They transplant well into all types of growing media .
 I ordered this item 2 days ago and was told I should have it by sept. 8 . I only used standard shipping and was n't even expecting it until next week . fast shipping
 I purchased this pool online , but I bought the 12 ' x 36 '' pool , that color of the pool was silver and blue and not all blue like the picture , but this model looks better . My husband found what looked to be a level spot , but I was reluctant about the spot because of the horrors stories I have read , about unlevel ground . He was right and the pool was almost on a perfect level . It was very easy to set up and remove the wrinkles and I know it helped because there were three of us . Overall the Bestway pool is very sturdy and well made and I am gald I did not listen to all the reviews . Maybe the Bestway holds up better than the Intex pools . My boys sure love it .
 My husband bought this for us and its perfect for us . We have an 18-month old and I wanted something that to deep for him but big enough for me to get wet and maybe float in . The 3 of us fit in here perfectly to relax for a while , get wet but has the minimal maintence that 's a bonus.Very important to note is the level ground . Our ground was a bit off and it ended up oval-ing . During a night of cooler weather the water overtook the now soft air ring and when we woke up the next morning the pool cover and float where down by the street . We 're now leveling the ground and are going to build a platform deck before re-filling . We got ours from an Aldi store for $ 65 . With all this wood decking , its turned into a $ 400 pool.We would recommend this pool to anyone who wants to see if the maintenance of a pool is right for them before sinking a lot of money into something more permanent . And if you have small kids ... something to introduce them them to water or just adults who want something quick and easy while sunning , its perfect .
 I have been trying to reforest my land in the appalachan foothills and have planted almost 300 eastern hemlock seedlings over the past 3 years . There are numerous deer trails through the area . The first winter the seedlings were decimated by deer browsing , they looked pathetic by spring . After reviewing university department of agriculture studies on the web , I settled on Deer Away and sprayed the trees once each fall . This provided terriffic protection and reduced the damage to a minor level . The trees are doing well now and have doubled in height . They would all be gone without repellant . I some areas it might be necessary to spray twice a year , depends on weather and number of deer in the area .
 This was the best investment ever . It works like a charm . We have had ours for a year now and I am so glad we bought one !
 We 've been using this starter all summer . It 's worked well for us and is holding up just fine so far . My only complaint would be that it 's a bit small so it does n't hold enough coals to cook for company . I 'm here today to order another one to solve that problem . I love that it heats the coals up so fast and that we do n't have to add lighter fluid -LRB- waste of money , bad for the environment , bad for us if any gets on our food -RRB- . And not a drawback of the design or anything like that , but if you 've never used one of these before , watch it carefully the first few times . It works pretty fast and gets HOT so if you leave the coals in there too long , they 'll start to burn out and you 'll waste time you could 've used for cooking -LRB- they might cool off/burn out completely before you 're done grilling -RRB- .
 One of the best inventions for outdoor grilling . These guys did n't invent this -LRB- maybe it was an engineer friend I know who used a Maxwell House coffee can 30 years ago -RRB- but they might have perfected it . Really nice design . High quality wood handle . Heat shield is a nice touch . I 'm back to charcoal grilling -LRB- by choice -RRB- now due to this thing . Really works well , every time . Would definitly recommend to friends and family .
 This one is nice and durable . Much nicer than any I have purchased in the past . Well worth the extra money .
 I was never much for BBQing until I got this chimney ! A bit of newspaper and some charcoal and a little bit of time and your coals are perfect for cooking upon .
 Works great , especially for grilling on the beach or river , with this you can get the coals nice and hot without worrying about the wind blowing out the fire , I highly recommend to anyone who has ever had problems getting the grill going on the beach or river ! Shipping was quick , even for an APO address !
 It may take 5 minutes longer than using charcoal lighter but it is much safer and can not leave any after taste . For a larger grill surface you may want to purchase 2 of them .
 solid brass work great for a small 1/2 horsepower pump should last a long time and no rust just what i wanted
 This was purchased to replace missing components in a passenger railcar . The price was right and the fitting functioned as advertised . It was much less expensive than going through any of the better known on-line hardware catalogs -LRB- you know who you are -RRB- .
 This fitting works very well . Anderson Metals Brass Hose Fitting , Connector , 1 '' Barb x 1 '' Male PipeUsed with greywater plumbing from the washing machine .
 I 've been using K Rain sprinklers for 10 years , since doing my own backyard landscaping on new construction . I 've since moved to a house that has Hunters installed . The Hunters are fine but I hate adjusting them , whereas the K-Rain 's are much more intuitive . Living in Texas with record heat the past couple summers , we 've had to combat dry spots while not wasting water on the sidewalks or street . The K-Rains work great to get additional throw , while still putting down water close to the head . In the past I 've bought one at a time as needed . But the price in my local big box home improvement store has steadily increased . With Amazon 's low price , I decided to just order few and keep them on hand .
 This was a great replacement for the pop up heads I had installed originally . I was able to use four of these heads to replace 12 of the pop up heads and it covers better now that it ever has . Will save me a lot of time keeping the grass green .
 Had to find a sprinkler head that would work on low pressure . Found these heads and ordered them . Installed and crossed my fingers ! The work great ! Have 4 installed on one line and they work fine . The are good for distance sprinkling but fine on up to about 15 or so feet . Good produce .
 My husband wanted these to install in an underground irrigation upgrade . He is very pleased with the product and the price was better through Amazon.com than any other place he checked . He is very happy with this product .
 due to decreasing water pressure around my area , the reach of my sprinkler system left uncovered spots in my lawn.then I decided to switch to this gear drive sprinklers to have more reach . I was right . now my entire lawn is covered with a few of these heads.the only drawback is that the gear head ` leaks ' water when it 's operational . but that 's a loss that I 'm willing to take since no sprinkler system is perfect.great buy .
 Wanted to add some sprouts to our nightly salad routine and after finding out how much sprouts cost in the stores and how much we mow through , I figured that I could do this much cheaper at home.This is a great product , adds a different twist to the normally boring alfalfa sprouts . Kids go crazy for them , and seeing/helping with the sprouts makes it worth the time.Buy a decent sprouter versus the jar method -LRB- unless you 're starting out or do n't need a lot -RRB- .
 This is the best bird feeder we 've ever owned . If you erect in on the pole away from overhanging trees or roofs and place a baffle on the pole beneath the feeder , it really is squirrel proof . Of course , we now have a forest of squirrels on the ground beneath it and if it keeps snowing here in Maine , the lower baffle will be covered with snow and the feeder will no longer be squirrel proof .
 keeps the birds fed and happy , and the squirrels ca n't get at the food .
 I was notified several times that my order for the K Feeder had been received and mailed . It was mailed and received in a timely manner , and was well-packed to minimize damage . My birds love it , I love it . Thanks .
 This was a big hit with the kids . I 've seen similar items for up to twice the price but these are just as good . We use them once a week around the fire pit with no problems .
 This fork is perfect for toast , marshmallows , or even a hot dog . Very comfortable to hold and long enough to not singe your eyebrows at the fire !
 The handle is beautiful , the telescoping feature is awesome , nice brass colored ring for storage . The fork metal is a little flimsy though . It reminds me of an old radio antenna . It will be fine for marshmellows and probably hotdogs , but I was hoping for something a litle heavier ... the handles seem too nice for the forks ! I am keeping them because they telescope and are easy to store , but I am still on the lookout .
 This is an incredible blade . In comparison to other blade bought at the same time , the Corona far out performs the competition . Would purchase this blade again in a heartbeat .
 PERFECT REPLACEMENT BLADE , CUTS RAPIDLY , HOLDS SHARP EDGE , EASY TO CHANGE , HAS MULTIPLE SIZED TEETH FOR QUICK CUTTING AND EASY BRANCH TRIMMING
 This is a great replacement for your tree trimmer . I had tried the cheaper ones , but the cutting power of this one is well worth saving your arms and shoulders by making quick cuts .
 The quality is as good as any hulled sunflower hearts and the price is lower . Which on hulled sunflower is expensive and adds up . I reduced my costs from $ 25 a week to about $ 15 . I find most birds handle the chip size much easier . The chips are small , but seem to be consistent in size . Finches , woodpeckers and other small to medium sized birds eat with less droping to the tray/squirrel baffel . The Cardinals seem to enjoy them from the tray , just as much as the hearts . Because less sunflower drop into the tray , it is important to place some chips directly into the tray for the Cardinals .
 could n't find this product anywhere . all the stores i called said it was discontinued . found it on Amazon . great service and quick delivery .
 Fits well , Good Quality . Easy to install . This part was used to repair the mower deck of a John Deere lawn tractor .
 Finally a sprinker head that waters close to itself ! Great product , great price and great customer service and support . Everything I buy related to irrigation is Rain Bird from now on .
 Some of the welds and the edges are a little rough . even for the $ 249 price we paid.but it is still nice . I guess when you go to a local furniture store and see a table and chairs for $ 1,800 or $ 3,000 , then this is a steal.We like it .
 This is a very nice table and looks great with the set of cushioned arm chairs . I did n't realize that it can hold an umbrella if you decided that you wanted one with it . Of course you would need a base to hold it , but it 's a nice option . The finish matches the side chairs and chaise lounges perfectly , but is different from the little table with the ice bucket - just FYI , the ice bucket table has a silvery metalic paint brushed on it so it looks a little different .
 My table arrived swiftly , directions were clear , and unlike others , all my pre drilled holes lined up perfectly , easy to put together and looks great . I am very pleased .
 Lovely . Fast shipping . No problems with fastenings or construction at all . Have ordered the bench & 4 chairs too & look forward to them all arriving & being together on the deck . 2 chairs have arrived so far & they are great . Table even comes with touch up paint .
 Fast delievery , great price and quality , we will enjoy it many years to come .
 Just received this and think it will turn out to be a great table . Bought the bench and matching chairs . They are a great set .
 This is a very nice looking and sturdy table . A nice extra is they ship a small bottle of touch-up paint with the product.The table may look nice now , but getting there was a pain in the neck . On the positive side - it is very well packaged . No worries about any damage during transport - not a small issue for many items.That said , the instruction sheet included was for a different -LRB- rectangular -RRB- table with completely different legs . Even if it was for the same table , it was in that hard-to-understand translated-into-English-using-a-dictionary vocabulary . There was a nicely vacuum packed card with all of the bolts and washers , as well as an appropriate wrench that fit the bolts . Unfortunately , there were 12 bolts in two sizes and 12 washers - but 16 holes waiting for bolts in the table . All of the bolts were too long for any of the holes - even with the washers.I ended up getting a bunch of extra washers and few shorter bolts at my local hardware store -LRB- if you need to do this make sure you get stainless steel so rust will not be a problem -RRB- . The bolts provided required between 3 and 4 washers each before they could be adequately tightened.Whew - finally done . The table is serving us well on the patio . It replaces a glass topped model which flipped over and shatterred in a big wind last fall . The open weave design is nice - very easy to clean the top . Give me a couple of months to get over the trauma of assembly and I might give it 5 stars .
 Extremely pleased ! We received the entire Strathwood Bainbridge Collection within 2 weeks and the packing job alone seems to be worth the cost of the product -LRB- s -RRB- !! The patio furniture is both beautiful and solid . Hope it will last for many years .
 This item arrived lightning fast -LRB- ordered it Monday morning , received in my apartment Tuesday afternoon -RRB- . I was pleasantly surprised that assembly was n't difficult . All the necessary parts were in the package , and the diagram made it fairly clear what to do.A few tips
 I bought the whole Bainbridge collection and gave it 5 stars . The table was exceptional also except for the manual labor of constructing it . One of the drilled holes for the top did n't line up but I have a garage full of tools which helped me correct this problem . Plan on having someone around to help put this together , it is a little difficult for one person - not impossible , just difficult .
 This is a nice addition to anyone 's patio . The product came very well packaged in heavy duty double boxes with the legs wrapped in padded paper . Assembly took around 30 minutes . As others have commented the holes do n't line up naturally and did require some `` finessing '' in order to get lined up , but really was n't that difficult to overcome . All that is required for assembly is a 4mm allen wrench which is provided -LRB- although the end started to get worn 1/2 way through the assembly and required me to use another wrench -RRB- . Probably one of the nicest features of the table are adjustable levelers on the legs . This seems like a good quality that I am confident will last for many years to come .
 I purchased this table to replace my second broken glass top table that broke during a storm as a result of the wind . I will never buy a glass top patio table again . This table is especially lovely to look at and fit in perfectly with my chairs and umbrella . Looks like it all came together . Had to learn my lesson about glass . I wish it was a couple inches bigger but it 's really just fine .
 I was really pleased with the quality of this patio table . It was shipped immediately and we received it in less than 5 days after ordering . As others have commented , the instructions and screws furnished with the table were not for the table I ordered . I had to buy additional screws at Home Depot , four in total . The missing instructions , for the table ordered , were not really needed , it was simple enough to put together without instructions . All tools needed were included with the shipment . Had I not needed to purchase additional screws , I would have given this product 5 STARS .
 I bought this with 4 chairs ... I was n't sure what to expect given the price and buying online but I was more than pleasantly surprised . I love the table set ! Good quality and the packing of the table was well done . Easy to put together as well -LRB- and came with touchup paint -RRB- .
 The heating element is completely sealed and no floaty hairs or furs will stick causing a fire hazard . The sealed environment is extremely weather resistant for use by the shore as saltwater mist and spray do not seem to affect it.Only downside the bright orange/red light . Makes one feel like an item at the buffet . Need to have other sources of light on to make it less orange . Otherwise very warm and efficient without the hiss or smell of gas-powered heaters .
 A very powerful heater . Because of its small size and weatherproof design , it fits in alot of locations . I really like that this heater is stylish and looks like a light fixture . Yes , it emits light , but non-light emitting infrared heaters can not be used outdoors effectively and are actually useless in the wind .
 The Solaira was easy to install even though the instructions came only in French . I have no problem with the orange glow , as I use it only at my outdoor breakfast table for my Bed & Breakfast guests . In fact , the glow adds a pleasant touch to my table .
 I have owned this grill for 2 years and love it . I use apple wood from a local orchard to smoke a variety of meat including beef , pork , feline , rabbit and chicken . With the firebox on the side and the adjustable rack makes heat adjustments a breeze.With the cast iron grill I can smoke a variety of endangered species to perfection every time , and we all know it is easy to over-cook a baby sea-lion . I would recommend this grill to anyone . From the Novice to the Pro , this grill is for You .
 After months of dropping hints to my wife about the grill I 've always wanted , I received my Smokin Pro for Christmas 2008 ! I could not have been more happy ! Even though it was 17 - 20 degrees in the garage that time of year , I spent the next couple of nights assembling my new grill . I seasoned it the next day , and the meals I have prepared from it were outstanding - in my humble opinion.Finished my first Smoke of three slabs of ribs and they looked perfect and tasted just as good!After a hard day 's work , I come home and light up the grill and make a quick meal . I 've grilled in the middle of Seven degree -LRB- yes 7 -RRB- weather because I love this grill so much.I 've got the optional rotissarie set that goes with it , so I can make juicy birds that taste good and are good for me ! Any reason to use my grill ... I 'll do it . And yes , even vegetables also!With the side box , refilling fuel for the smoke is easy ! And if you do n't feel like lighting up the main grill , you can use the side fire box as a mini grill that cleans up easily!I 've owned many different grills , but this one is my favorite ! If it ever fails or rusts out , I will be at the store to purchase another.Can ' t beat the versatility for the price ! Buy one and see!Oh , and there are plenty of forums with helpful owners of this grill who are more than willing to help you get the best out of this product for many BBQs to come !
 Love this Barb . Only complaint was the thermometer which I replaced with one of better quality . Would buy again if I ever needed another one .
 Purchased as a birthday gift for the pit master in my life . He says the assembly was not bad at all . Only took him an hour or so . Has smoked and q 'd a variety of meats and all have come out great . Not hard to regulate the heat or smoke w/wood chips , just have to be patient and take your time . He appreciates the versatility of the grill and the cast iron grates made him very happy too ! Highly recommended !!
 The grill was a gift for my son . All the hardware was enclosed and the assembly was easy . Thhe grill works well but will need reenforced where fire box mounts to grill otherwise good deal from start to finish .
 Great smoker , I 'm enjoing it very much . I did put a better temp . guage at a lower level just off the grill grate to the left of center , and extended the smoke stack lower in the grill with some tubing . It can now hold a 220 temp forever.Very easy to put together.I 'm just smoking some ribs and chicken so far and they came great . I use real lump wood charcoal and some wood chunks . You ca n't beat this grill , great price.I give it a 4 star rating
 Well built.Easy to assembly.Easy for a beginner that has not smoked food before to use.Great product
 I did a bunch of research and this smoker grill is excellent value for the money . After I assembled and cured the grill , I made some awesome smoked ribs . Very easy to use in my opinion .
 The grill has more cooking area than I 'll need most of the time , but will be handy when other family members visit . Fortunately , I can use the small fire box when cooking for one or two people.The unit is very heavy and takes up a fair amount of storage space .
 I have a gas Weber and a gas smoker . This beats both at grilling or smoking hands down ! I thought I would never cook with charcoal again , but this grill/smoker has great design features that eliminates a lot of the hassle . The food is some of the best I 've ever made .
 I did tons of research before buying this smoker/grill , although I 'll probably use it exclusively as a smoker since I have a Weber kettle and a gas grill that work just fine . I shopped around and considered a number of factors and settled on the CharGriller because of the number of positive reviews for this grill , at this price point , with these features . I did shop price and found several places where it was much cheaper than Amazon . Originally Amazon was pricing this around $ 299 . I complained through the site and the price dropped to $ 230 . For a week or so the price was at $ 217 , but I noticed it 's back up . I ordered and received the grill and the box looked distressingly like those American Tourister suitcases that had been thrown into the gorilla cage in the old commercials . I took pictures for evidence just in case but I did n't need them . The grill was in good shape and all the hardware and parts looked to be there . It took a couple of hours to assemble as the instructions are n't particularly intuitive . But I muddled through and often used my own tool box to supplement the single pliers and screwdriver they say it takes to assemble it.I wo n't go into detail , but I did a number of modifications to my grill before even seasoning it which I found online in a number of sites . I found these mods to be very beneficial on my first smoke . -LRB- If you want to see more about how I built it , modified it and cooked in it , visit my blog at suburbslickerbbq < dot > blogspot < dot > com -RRB- . So far , I 've been very pleased . The steel used in construction I 'd say was moderate quality -- not the cheapest out there -LRB- trust me , there are a lot thinner grills out there on the market -RRB- and not the most expensive -LRB- for $ 230 , I was n't expecting a battleship -RRB- . I fired it up with food the first time this week and made three racks of ribs , three pork loins and six polish sausages . FAN-FRICKIN-TASTIC ! I used a mixture of lump charcoal , briquettes , hickory and oak pieces and it was delicious . I learned more about the maintaining the proper temp and smoke -LRB- I think I was diverting too much heat at first so the food was taking longer to cook than I expected -RRB- . My one complaint , I knew it would happen and it did , but it should n't
 I agree entirely with the two other reviewers . This is a great grill , but I would like to add some additional comments . I have rated this only 4 stars because of some assembly issues -LRB- see below -RRB- and because it is not quite as good as a dedicated smoker -LRB- such as the Brinkmann Vertical Smoker -RRB- . However , if you want to be able to both smoke and grill , or if you are not sure you want a smoker -LRB- like me -RRB- then the Char Griller Smokin Pro with Side Fire Box is for you.Now that I tried Smoking , I am a convert . It does take longer than grilling , but this slow cooking process results in more flavor and more juicy meat . The intensity of the smoke flavor is increased by using more wood and reduced by using more charcoal . For instance , an all-charcoal smoke will result in subtle , but pleasant smoke flavor . I find it very easy to control the temperature of the Smokin Pro grill when smoking - I add more charcoal or adjust the vents only once per hour . Otherwise , it basically runs itself . Cleanup is easy because the firebox has an ash pan . Furthermore , since smoking is done at lower heat , there is no grease spatter in the cooking chamber . I find it helpful to place a pan directly under the meat to catch all the grease.ASSEMBLY ISSUES
 This grill has lots of room to cook . You could easily fit two large turkeys in the spacious interior . Cast iron grates make the cooking more efficient , but you have to take care of them . The fire box gives you the option of cooking with indirect , slow heat . This is the best -LRB- and slowest -RRB- way to cook ribs and other hunks o ' meat . This is a pretty heavy grill , so finding it in your area would save you a bundle on shipping . Overall it is very well made . All I 've had to do is touch up the paint with high temp black spray paint.Using a remote thermometer will give you better results in cooking.http : / / www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B00018RAFO/qid=1120408771/sr=8-2/ref=pd_bbs_ur_2/002-4909942-9391250?v=glance&s;=garden&n;=507846You can do some modifications on the grill to make it work better . These are inexpensive and there are numerous postings about modifcations and techniques on the BBQ forums.http : / / www.homebbq.com/duportal/forums/msgDetail.asp?msg_id=1009&for;_id=8
 Got this smoker/grill for father 's day , and I love it . It is versatile - you can grill , roast , and BBQ -LRB- smoke -RRB- equally well with it . Whereas some other smokers will only BBQ . This is the first smoker that I 've owned and it is easy to control the temperature . I 've made some fantastic BBQ chicken and brisket . I 'll be making more.good value . Large grilling area.The fire grate has 4 height positions to adjust temperature for direct grilling . It 's easy to dump out the ashes.For roasting , there is plenty of room to put a large drip pan on one side . I 've roasted some spectacular chicken this way.For BBQ -LRB- smoking -RRB- start a fire in the side-firebox , and add a split log or 5-6 wood chunks an hour . I use a remote thermometer to watch the temperature from inside the house . I thought that was ridiculous at first , but when your BBQ-ing a brisket for 12 hrs , it frees you up to make side dishes in the kitchen , or watch the Gators pound the Seminoles , while your cooking . The temperature is easy to control with the vents and the smokestack cover.shorcomings
 I purchased one of these Super Pro Grills and the Side Firebox this past week and used it yesterday to make the best pulled pork shoulder I 've ever smoked.The grill was fairly easy to put together , and I was able to do it by myself contrary to the indication on the instructions.Once we stoked and started it , it proved to be a great buy - it was relatively easy to keep a low , constant temperature around 225 degrees , occasionally adding more fuel and wood to the side firebox . It does need to be watched and checked often , but is worth the effort . It retains the smoke well , even though a good amount escapes around the joints , and produced a truly enviable smoke ring on the meat.The cast iron grates are easy to clean and really make this model superior to anything I 've seen in the price range . One caveat is they MUST be cleaned and seasoned properly to ensure they wo n't rust , but that being said they 're amazing . -LRB- One good cleaning tip I got from my grandfather , who 's an old hat at smoking and grilling , is to place them in a self-cleaning oven on the clean cycle when they get really cruddy , and they come out perfect with the seasoning intact -RRB- . I have only one complaint -- the first time my husband and I tried to move the grill , both of the included plastic wheels cracked around the axle , making it impossible to use them to roll the grill ! I looked back over the instructions , but as I suspected , I had installed the wheels correctly . The grill was not rolled over rough terrain , just down our driveway to the backyard.We LOVE the grill itself , but need to be able to move it to different locations around the house -LRB- backyard for parties , driveway for our use -RRB- . I contacted Char-Griller about this and they were very helpful , offering to send replacements . However , I think we 're going to get a set of sturdier wheels from somewhere else , not relishing the idea of replacing THOSE wheels again.Overall , this is a great buy , and as an avid griller and smoker I 'd recommend it as a great first foray into smoking .
 You should keep in mind that this is not an expensive grill . It 's really pretty darn cheap , so you ca n't expect a beautiful piece of furniture . So ignore the cosmetic defects . I bought it because other reviews made it sound functional , and that 's what I care about . First , regarding the size of the grilling surface
 I have 3 Weber kettles -LRB- 2 22-inch and 1 181/2 inch -RRB- , I also have a Weber gas grill and this grill surpases all of them . It is so versatile , I can use it as a smoker , direct grill , or both at the same time . I have smoked two ten pound briskets at the same time , 30 lbs of rib tips , and a rotiserrie turkey for Thanksgiving . Assembly took one Saturday afternoon , but other than that I have n't had any problems . Buy a can of High Heat Black Enamel for the firebox , because the paint will flake off during long cooking times . A good value at a good price .
 I received this smoker for my birthday , and have used it every weekend since . I have smoked pork shoulder , ribs , and chicken , and each time they turned out perfectly . It is designed well , especially for the price . It is quite easy to regulate the temperature around 200-230 degrees . It is sturdy , the cast iron grates are n't too heavy , and they can be easily moved around . The grates come in 4 pieces so that you can move one of them to add more charcoal if you are grilling in the main chamber . There is an abundance of room to smoke quite a few lb 's of meat.The only downside that I have noticed so far is that the paint will flake off if/when the fire box gets too hot . This was expected though as it tells you this in the manual . It only comes off in a few small spots , and I will just spray it with a high-temperature paint to restore it.I would recommend adding a baffle in the main chamber right above the opening from the firebox . I would also insert a piece of metal flashing into the chimney to lengthen the chimney down into the main chamber , so it is almost touching the grates . These two modifications will allow a better heat distribution.Overall , I would highly recommend this smoker/grill , especially for those who want to get into smoking , but do n't want to spend a lot .
 I purchased this smoker to replace an old CharBroiler Silver Smoker . My main use of these type of smokers is long duration cooking . I loved the CharBroiler and it 's ease of use , I was however sometimes frustrated by it 's lack of internal volume in the cooking chamber.Space plus reviews I saw influenced my decision to try the Char-Griller . The Char-Griller was fairly simple to assemble by myself and I was able to have it ready for a fire in about 90 minutes . I would say the fit and finish were very good for a grill at thice price level . I was pleased with the Cast Iron grates in the smoking chamber.I have had the opportunity to do several long smokes on the Char-Griller and have the following observations.The firebox does not have a swingout door . The fuel is placed on a slide out tray with a slightly elevated grate for air circulation . I find this to be a bit troublesome on long duration runs since the ash collects below the grate creating difficulty in maintaining even airflow below the grate . On my CharBroiler I could open the door and use a stick or metal rod to clear the below grate space.The volume of the smoker requires a decent sized fire in the box and attention to maintain an even smoking temperature . I have found that by using natural hardwood charcoal lumps and large sized wood pieces for fuel it has been easier to establish and maintain an even temperature with a little less frequent attention.In my opinion this is a good smoker/grill for the price and while I really miss the swing out door on the firebox , I do like the larger volume cooking space .
 I 've owned this griller/smoker for three years now , having purchased it at my local Lowes . Prior to this cooker I used a Weber smoker , which cooked well , but left me one handed by constantly holding the lid in one hand . My Weber is long gone and I have no regrets ! This grill is multi-functional -- it has a large cooking surface of cast iron grates -LSB- ceramic non stick are also available -RSB- which ` season ' with use like an old cast iron skillet . One can choose to grill -LSB- fast cook at high temps -RSB- steaks , brats , hot dogs , burgers , or chicken breasts , or to slow cook ` Texas style . ' I use this grill for both purposes . The lid is hinged , and opens without being in the way or in your hand like the Weber . To cook Texas style , the side fire box works well , and this size of cooker does not require a large fire . I start a fire with charcoal in a chimney , and then add whatever wood I am cooking with that day -LSB- hickory , oak , apple , Texas pecan , or mesquite -RSB- . I 've had to learn the art of ` fire management ' to avoid scorching my meat , but once learned , this cooker maintains a steady cook box temp . I have had no problems with the thermometer that comes with the cooker , and it always registers correctly and the finished product comes out tender , juicy , and with great smoky barbecue flavor . With this cooker the local barbecue restaurants will have nothing up on you ! I 've cooked beef brisket , whole chickens , and whole slabs of pork ribs with rave results . Here 's a few things I have found useful with this cooker ... place aluminum lasagne pans -LSB- from the dollar store -RSB- under your meat when you slow cook . Fill the pans with some water to add humidity to the cook box -- it keeps your meat from becoming too dry . The fat and drippings will collect in the pans and make clean-up a breeze ! The paint on the side cook box will burn off , there 's no way to avoid this . The paint on the cook box does not burn off , even with grilling . In the side fire box the fire just gets too hot even for special ` grill paint ' so I have left it with a natural rust patina on the outside . It does n't look pretty , but its better than smelling the chemical smell of scorched paint -LSB- which is what happens -RSB- . If you are inclined to do so , the inside of the cook box can be cleaned with Easy-Off oven cleaner . The number of times you need to do that depends on how often you cook . The cast iron grills can be washed with hot water and dish detergent , but be careful to not overscrub and remove the ` seasoning . ' A good grill wire brush with scraper seem to work better than constant washing of the grills . I cook a grilling fire under the grates to burn off residual debris , and that works just as well as scrubbing for the most part . If you over wash the grill grates with water , being cast iron , they will rust , so it is probably better to minimize that . For the price , you ca n't go wrong with this Char-Griller . It 's a great way to learn the backyard art of the Texas slow cook . Before long your ribs , chicken , and brisket will be the talk of the neighborhood -- either by them tasting your barbecue or mostly by them smelling that wonderful smoky smell streaming from your little smoke stack ! Lastly , this cooker is not fueled with gas ! This one is for those who want to cook the old fashioned way with a wood fire -LSB- or charcoal briquets -RSB- . I do n't own a gas cooker , and probably never will . Why add smoke flavoring when you can have the real thing ? Different wood for cooking is available either locally or from other Internet vendors . One last comment ... if you do purchase this and cook with the side fire box ` Texas style ' you will need to also purchase a solid pair of welder 's style leather gloves to tend the fire with . Without them , you will get singed and blistered . Amazon also sells them -- search barbecue gloves or welder 's gloves .
 You really ca n't beat this smoker for the price . Installation was easy with the clear directions . The only challenge was punching out the knock-out holes to mount the side firebox . Nothing a hammer and punch could n't handle , though . Here 's a list of all the things that are great about this smoker :1 . Cast iron grills ! A huge plus - cast iron holds and tranfers heat very well . It 's the cooking surface of choice and usually a grill / smoker in this price range has cheap steel to cook on .2 . It 's a grill / smoker combo ! You can put your coals in the smoking chamber and use it as a grill for direct heat cooking -LRB- steaks , burgers , chops -RRB- , or put the coals / wood in the firebox and smoke it low and slow -LRB- pork butt , ribs , brisket -RRB- . Versatility is the key here .3 . Adjustable heat level . If you 're grilling , you can move the coal bed closer to or farther from the cooking grates .4 . Slide out ash pan ! In the firebox you can slide out the ashpan to clean it when it gets full . No need to open the smoking chamber and let out all your precious heat.There 's so many others I could go on and on . I ca n't tell you how much I love mine . I have a big fancy stainless steel gas grill , but man , once you start eating meats cooked with wood and charcoal you just ca n't go back . If you had hundreds more to spend , you could probably find a nicer smoker - big green egg , Komodo , etc. . But for the money , this thing rocks .
 I saw this item marked as `` like new '' at a really good price , So since my spouse wanted a good-sized grill . When it arrived , I was in shock - the `` like new '' item was in a box that was made up of more tape than box ! I was apprehensive when I opened it and found that more than half of the parts were missing ! Every internal package was open and spilled into the box , and most incredible to me , the `` like new '' grill was COMPLETELY MISSING THE HOOD TO THE MAIN GRILL ! I contacted the seller , who tolds me that I could return it but they would not replace the missing half of the grill or send out another one . The catch ? It had to be in the original box ! You know , the shredded one ? Yeah . I was apprehensive about going through the manufacturer , because I 'd heard horror stories , but they ROCKED . When I told them the story , they had me submit my receipt and a list of missing parts , and 5 days later - Boom ! A complete grill!The grill itself is nice and sturdy , it works well , and it looks good . There is some chipped paint on a corner , but that 's ok . Its a nice sturdy grill that works great , so it was overall a win-win situation . I 'm hoping it 'll be around a long time - from all indications , it will ! The ONLY reason it has n't earned 5 stars to start was the hassle we went through to get the entire thing .
 I have owned this grill for 3 years . We use it 4 days a week during the summer . It is great for grilling or smoking . With a little practice it is easy to maintain a steady temp . for hours at a time . Great grill .
 I purchased this grill as an early Christmas present for my better half and I. I bought it a couple weeks before Christmas and have used it 35 or 40 times since then -LRB- we live in San Antonio so the weather is conducive to year ` round BBQing ... -RRB- I bought it as the Smokin ' Pro and the side fire box was included in the kit . A word of warning , this thing is n't light at about 120 lbs it was a tad of a struggle to get it out of the bed of the pickup without tweaking my already bad back.The assembly was easy enough but the manual that came with it had not been kept up with some apparent changes in the product . Some steps were n't required as they were completed at the factory and others were ignored requiring me to figure out what went where . Not a big deal but it did slow the process somewhat.Overall , the quality is quite good with a fair amount of attention to detail . True , it does n't seal like a thermos bottle but I 've never had a grill that did seal terribly well other than kettle type grills . The cast iron grates are fantastic . They 're one of the major reasons I selected this grill over many others . I 've cooked with cast iron all my life and nothing , repeat NOTHING , can replace it . Once properly seasoned the grates required nothing additional to maintain their non stick nature and they clean brilliantly with a wire brush.I had some concerns over temperature control across the cooking surface while smoking so I added a couple of thermometers with 2 inch probes right at the level of the handle on the top half of the grill . As it turned out , with the air flow properly controlled , the temperature spread was only 5 degrees from the right side , near the side fire box , to the left side below the chimney . Of course , you have to pay attention to the amount of fuel in the side fire box to keep the temperature constant but that 's true of any smoker . I also put a few coats of polyurethane on the wood to seal it against the inevitable spills and drips that can turn wood ugly fast.This grill does a darn good job on both ends of the spectrum ... it smokes just as good as it grills . I 've cooked dozens of steaks , hamburgers , fish fillets and tons of veggies on this thing and smoked two turkeys , two chickens , 4 pork butts and a mountain of pork ribs on it and every bite has been wonderful . Be sure to brine the turkey and chicken to ensure tender , juicy birds!Is this the best grill or smoker in the world ? Nope ... but it sure is a darn good compromise and well worth the price . I love mine !!!
 I bought the CG 1224Pro w / side fire box primarily for smoking . I wanted as charcoal/wood smoker -LRB- not propane or electric -RRB- that was easier to clean and larger then the one I was using . This smoker is very well built and not difficult to assemble although it did take a little time . Before planning to use it you need to allow your self enough time to assemble and season the smoker -LRB- 1 hour plus to assemble and 4 - 5 hour to season -RRB- . My first pork shoulder came out excellent.The smoking area is large and can accomodate multiple sheets of ribs , pork roast plus , or a large turkey . The fire box is large with ample room for ash fall off . I was able to smoker at 225 degrees for about 6 hours without the ashes impacting the the fire quality . This smoker has a lot of metal so it does take some time to get up to temperature . I also purchased the Char-Griller cover for this smoker , it fits perfect and is easy to get on and off.One review I read said that it leaked smoke , I did not find this to be a problem . It is not an air tight unit but the unit is well built with heavy covers and leakage was no more then I would expect with this type of smoker.The negatives - The packaging -LRB- for shipping -RRB- should be better . My smoker arrived with a dent in the lid and a bent bottom rack . -LRB- When I call Char-Griller they told me to send them a note with a copy of my receipt and they would send me what ever needed to be replaced . The actual cooking grills could have been heavier but have not been a problem to date.The one item in the design I would like to see changed is that you should be able to remove the ash drawer -LRB- for cleaning -RRB- while the fire is still going . Currently the coals sit on top of the ash drawer.I would purchase this unit again . If you plan on smoking with it make sure you get the side fire box . Good buy for smoking and the price is right .
 I 'm happy I bought this smoker b/c I always had the intention of adding a lot of my own modifications . If you want something that works great out of the box then this probably is n't the smoker for you . First of all , it needs to be assembled . The process is n't particularly complex but it is laborious and took me 3-4 hours . Beyond that , the work I feel needs be done includes ; making the side fire box and cooking chamber airtight , installing thermometers that are n't junk , drilling air holes into the side fire box , putting on better wheels , adding tuning plates , extending the chimney down to the cooking grate level , adding a temperature probe grommet , raising the fire grate ... Granted , some of these mods can be skipped without sacrificing cooking results -LRB- The wheels and grommet for instance -RRB- but the rest are necessary . Sounds like a lot of work but in the end I 'll be $ 350 all in and will have a smoker that stands up to ones 3 times that price .
 This has been one of the best smokers that I have ever had/used . It took a little while to assemble , but it is not that tough to assemble . The only thing I would suggest as a big improvement for this smoker is to have better and larger wheels to move the smoker around . It would not add that much cost to this smoker , but it would be well worth it . I 'm going to try and up grade mine to larger wheels on my own.Rick
 Have used this grill several times since assembly.It is everyting it should be especially considering how competitive the price was.Also , do n't wait , order the rotesserie it 's really worth it !
 I just finished putting my grill/smoker together . I had heard some horror stories about assembly process . Had no problem put it together in about 1 and a half hours . The wheels are very inferior , however , the product itself is fantastic for the price . Made some small modifications for less than $ 50 , as a result its perfect . I had spent 3 months researching various smokers for quality and price and I was not let down by my choice . Highly recomend it !
 Great smoker for it 's price range . I only wish it was made of a little thicker metal . Of course then it would probably cost considerably more ... My only complaint so far has been how low the temp drops with a breeze blowing . If you can keep it out of the wind , it does great . Thicker metal or better sealing would probably hold the heat better .
 Finally feel like I have a man 's grill.Shot my gas grill after replacing elements for the umpteenth time . No problems with set up or knock outs as followed in directions -LRB- used a hammer and punch for knock outs -RRB- . Food tastes like it should ... no gas flavor . Got mine by buying main grill and sidebox seperately at local Lowes . No Shipping.Best value and does everything . Buy this one .
 Absolutely the best value available . You can find other smoker/grills around , but none with the features of the Char-Griller , and and none at their price .
 I bought this grill because I wanted to be able to both grill and smoke . I did a lot of research , and folks really liked this grill.I made some mods based on
 You should keep in mind that this is not an expensive grill . It 's really pretty darn cheap , so you ca n't expect a beautiful piece of furniture . So ignore the cosmetic defects . I bought it because other reviews made it sound functional , and that 's what I care about . First , regarding the size of the grilling surface
 Excellent product ... The Real Deal ... not cheap workmanship or flimsy . If you want to do real Texas BBQ , this is the one 4 U. And , the side fire box is key . Can then be used as a true smoker , or as a giant grill . Awesome . Ca n't say enough how well this is built . I looked at lots of different brands and this is one of the best smokers out there . The way they cut the barrel is perfect , right in the middle , which allows maximum room for grilling and/or to stand whole chickens up in the center while they cook . PS ... the picture here does not show the side fire box , but it did come with it as described . J.
 Not a bad smoker for the money and probably among the best in its class at that price level . Only complaint was that original hole for right side pin to hold lid on main smoker body was too small -LRB- quality control ? -RRB- and required me to drill it out to fit . Other than that , it all went together pretty easy during the assembly process . It 's not an absolute airtight fit -LRB- also may have been due to shipping since the container/carton looked like it had been kicked all the way to my address -RRB- but it does well enough to do the job for smoking . Tried it out over the 4th of July with 2 full beef briskets and they came out great after a good 12 hours of smoking ! Needless to say , the neighbors loved it . This is a great `` intermediate '' smoker for someone who wants a step up from the typical beginner `` bullet '' or water smoker from Brinkman or someone else without spending > $ 500 on a top grade smoker . The larger cooking surface -LRB- ~ 800 sq in -RRB- compared to the smaller units makes this good for doing enough meat to feed a good sized party -LRB- more than just your family -RRB- . Also really liked the offset fire box -LRB- not shown in the Amazon photo ? -RRB- with the slide in `` drawer '' which made it extremely easy to dump the ashes after the fire had gone out and just as easy to `` re-load '' with more coals during long smoking periods of 10-12 hours . As mentioned above , a good value for the $ .
 First time smoker here . I 've read up on all the techniques and even bought a smoker 's cookbook . Assembly was pretty simple . I did n't attach the front holder because I did n't think I 'd need it . I tried it out this past weekend and I must admit that I 'm hooked . This thing handled a large pork shoulder and 2 large racks of pork spareribs with plenty of room to spare.The only problem I had was keeping the temperature past 200 degrees for an extended period of time . I was using lump charcoal exclusively in the side fire box . I do n't know if that was the problem or not . I ended up having to finish the shoulder in the oven for a couple of hours but it was well worth the wait . Next time , I guess I 'll just keep heaping the charcoal on throughout the day .
 this smoker grill is very sturdy and well made.I would recommend better wheels , but mine willnot be moved so this was not a big deal to me.I like the cast iron grates , just follow thebreak in directions , I used some bacon greaseto break mine in.So far I have smoked a brisket and country stylepork ribs using beech wood , smoke was rolling all morning.I paid $ 186 with free shipping I feel like this is a greatgrill/smoker and very affordable .
 This thing is the bomb . The recent improvements over their earlier models add even more to this smokin pro . The folks involved in the manufacturing of this char-griller should be commended .
 I purchased the Wrangler with its ' smoker box -LRB- firebox -RRB- around Memorial day . Th Wrangler is very similar to the Smokin Pro with the exception fo a smaller grill area . -LRB- 650 sq. in -RRB- . I am satified with the Wrangler grill 's performance , especially , the nice smoke ring with Smoked London broil . The grill was fairly easy to assemble . I had to use a little muscle to punch out the perforations to mount the firebox , but they opened up nicely with a hammer and phillips . I will provide the pro 's and con 's to make a long story shorter ; Pro 's :1 -RRB- The grill is well made , nice finish , well thought out design .2 -RRB- I like the variable mounting grate .3 -RRB- I like the convenience of using the firebox for smoking/grilling .4 -RRB- The temperatures are fairly consistent at the GRILL level .5 -RRB- Very affordable price .6 -RRB- Parts are replaceable , and the grill cover is OK , despite the threads from other reviewers.Con 's :1 -RRB- . Temperature gauge requires calibration by turning the screw on the back to increase the dial reading 50 degrees higher F. 2 -RRB- . The smoke stack sends smoke into your face with a strong wind .3 -RRB- . The assembly instructions leave much to your imagination.Conclusions : All in all , the grill performance compensates for the few hardware problems mentioned earlier . The heat guage is an easy work around , but in any case , the meats come out like superstars every time . I found the temperature not as critical for meat tenderness . I plan to smoke vegetables next weekend . Zucchini maybe ? This is a great grill for the money , and it does n't weigh a thousand pounds . The firebox is nice to have , but it 's not an absolute necessity . Buy it and enjoy !!!
 Fall is here . Two full summers of grilling with my Char Griller and there is no turning back . The grill has held up quite well in the WI heat and cold . I just make sure to cover it for the winter months and sand/clean/spray paint when rust is creeping too far over the firebox . In the firebox , I get going with 8-10 charcoal briquettes . Once those are silver , I bring in two thin 14 '' pieces of Hickory to start . I burn a good 4-5 pieces to get the cast iron grates in the main chamber heated up . Next , I clean the grates with onion halves and I 'm ready to go . Just add more Hickory as needed . The cast iron grate lifter is my most important tool to keep the heat how I want it . I simply open the vent on the firebox fully and place the lifter under the firebox door to prop it for more air flow . The higher up on the firebox door I place the lifter the more air and heat . When things are rolling hot , I bring the grate lifter down a bit . Works like a dream . Family and friends are amazed with the taste/texture of the meats . Get one !!!
 Five years and still performing perfectly . A few mods like better wheels , stronger racks , a much stronger shelf made of diamond mesh steel , even went as far as installing a propane burner in the firebox for all night smoking , start off with lump charcoal , add the wood for the smoke , switch to propane 2 hours later and go to bed with the confidence the Chargriller will maintain its temperature . I sold my Bradley electric smoker , it was just to much of a hassle to clean and took way too long to come up to temp , plus the cost of the wood pucks , and to be honest it just was n't fun . My advise to those that want to give the Chargriller a low rating ... . it 's not the smoker , it 's you . Take the time to learn your meats , rubs , sauces , and remember , smoking meats takes time . Do it right and you 'll be having BBQ all the time.Remember , keep the lid down .
 I bought this unit for my second house . I have a 12-year old New Braunfels Hondo II at my primary house , and love it . Unfortunately , those units are n't available anymore , and the Smokin Pro looked like a good choice for a similar smoker . Note that the unit shown in the picture on Amazon does not have a side firebox , but this unit does in fact ship with the side firebox , which you will definitely need to install , as the right side of the main chamber has a large hole in it.Pros
 This is a great smoker for the money . I have only used it a handful of times but think with proper care it will last for some time . It is not terribly difficult to put together . I did have issues with portions of the metal that were not completely stamped out during fabrication . I was able to deal with these issues myself but customer service offered to send me an entirely new assembly if I could n't do it myself . Some of the complaints about heat loss and use of fuel are valid . You could spend a lot more for something that will cook your food just as well . For me this is a great way to get into smoking . If I want to get a big green egg or some pricey smoker further down the road I can . I read complaints about rusting and paint loss . This is something that is inherent with this type of product unfortunately . You can read about proper care in the owners manual or online and it is imperative to properly care for your smoker otherwise it will rust out . It is heavy about 150lbs . so be prepared if you have it shipped for some grunt work .
 My Husband and I put this grill together in one afternoon . He really was not thrilled about the directions , but we got it together ! This grill/smoker is big . Have not used it yet but I am planning already .
 This smoker grill was delivered in three days via UPS . It weighs 70 lbs in the box so it is no lightweight . We put it together when it arrived and it is ` Cadillac ' in every respect . I always wanted to get a smoker after watching a friend cook using one he had . Well , this one is right on the verge of being a professional one that you could use in business and maybe you could . . it 's that sturdy . Of all the ones we shopped and we shopped and looked at a LOT of smokers . . this one is by FAR the most heavy duty . We are extremely pleased to get more than we bargained for and all the descriptions were actually true . I highly recommend it . Extra screws instead of not enough sure made it more comfortable to assemble in case we made an error . It works great and I would get it again ... that 's the best review one can give . No regrets at all .
 This was a gift for my fiance for his birthday . I had it shipped to his house , and it arrived a full week before it was promised ! He LOVES it ! He does find that it 's easier to start the charcoal outside of the grill , when adding it to the fire box , so he does n't get a big puff of charcoal smoke going through . He said , in response to his gift , `` It 's like you went shopping with me and bought exactly what I wanted ! '' He says that when he smoked a 15lb turkey on Christmas Day it looked ` lonely ' in there , there is so much room ! Great smoker !
 Length :
 I was a bit apprehensive when I ordered this . First off , the picture does n't show the firebox ! No problem , there it was , safely cocooned inside the main unit , when I -LRB- breathlessly -RRB- opened the shipping box . I was also concerned about workmanship and quality of the parts . I am pleased to report that the guts of this machine are just fine . The main units are of a decent gauge , the cast iron grills are great -LRB- do season them right away -- instructions are included -RRB- , and even the less-than-rugged looking charcoal holder/raising device has worked very well . Mind you , this is not the fit n ' finish of the $ 1,000-plus grillers , but it is a very legitimate , functional grill . I also got the mnfr 's cover , and it fits well and has done its job.I must confess , it was not the looks that got me to order this -- its pretty damn ugly , if you ask me . It actually was all the rave reviews that persuaded me to give it a shot . Being just a bit paranoid , I wondered if they were legit -LRB- given my above concerns -RRB- . I 'm pleased to add my very real endorsement . Its a real treat to use .
 Just put this together yesterday and I am very happy with the quality of metal and grill grates . It needs to be seasoned prior to use and will continue to develop a nice non-stick surface the more its used.I did n't give it 5 stars because it does have some issues . My biggest issue is heat and smoke distribution in the barrel during side fire box smoking . The chimney shaft does n't extend far enough allowing heat and smoke to escape too easily . Also the part of the barrel closest to the fire box is much hotter than that on the opposite end . Finally the thermometer is low quality and in a poor position for gauging the temp around the meet.These problems can all be solved for the most part with some simple modifications . With a google search I actually was able to find several guides on modifications for this model.Here is a good one that address all my issues
 My wife and boys got this for me for Father 's day from Lowes , which was about $ 30 cheaper for the whole set at the time , and I have loved it . I 'd grill every night if I could . My whole family and my friends who have been over for a BBQ love the flavor . It is easy to use and cooks so well . I like to cook the meat in the large part and cook the sides such as potatoes and corn on the cob in the side fire box . It is sooooo good.The assembly was a little challenging , so look through the instructions thoroughly , as well as establishing all the parts , before starting . It is well worth the money and effort .
 I 've been using this model for three years now , and I 've really enjoyed using it as both a grill and a smoker . The large surface , cast iron grates , easy adjustment and the ability to grill over the small surface in the smoke chamber make this a very good investment . I did replace the included thermometer with an Old Smokey after overcooking ribs that were supposed to be slow-cooked -LRB- the included thermometer was terribly cleap/low quality and read about 100 off . -RRB- I would reccomend that step to anyone . As I grill year round in the midwest , I 've taken the time every spring and fall to brush the rust and coorosion off of the outside and touch-up with some high-heat paint , but I do n't consider it a design flaw - my grill sees all four seasons , and the high-guage steel still has plenty of integrity to it .
 Finally feel like I have a man 's grill.Shot my gas grill after replacing elements for the umpteenth time . No problems with set up or knock outs as followed in directions -LRB- used a hammer and punch for knock outs -RRB- . Food tastes like it should ... no gas flavor . Got mine by buying main grill and sidebox seperately at local Lowes . No Shipping.Best value and does everything . Buy this one .
 First - you did not just buy a Porsche . Rather you bought a Ford Taurus , and both with proper care will get you from point a to point b.Second - READ THE INSTRUCTIONS . You must season this or ANY sub $ 1,000 grill . This means spraying veg oil in , on and around the grill . You may need to do this every few bbq 's . Third - Before you whine about excess heat loss , etc please do yourself a favor
 arrived without warmer grill , no biggee , wasn ' gon na use it anywho , did the lower the stack to grill level , built charcoal basket supported by 13.5 inch angles in firebox , equiped it with maverick 2 probe digital thermometer , , now just need to turn over main charcoal pan for diffuser , , like the side and front shelves , ,
 I have owned my Smokin Pro for over two years now and cook on it at least once or twice a week and i love it . You do have to make some mods for smoking the most important of which is buying or making a charcoal basket that is positoned high enough to send the smoke directly into the smoking chamber which enables you to use the `` Minion '' method , and purchasing a maverick digital thermometer to monitor the chamber temp and tell when thick pieces of meat are ready but this baby turns out good cue like clock work once you get the hang of it . I also hang my fire grate upside down to use as a baffle , and the adjustable fire grate makes it perfect for grilling dynamite steaks , fish , and chicken with the cast iron imparting flavor like nothing else . The only drawbacks are that it 's not as air tight as i would like it , and the fire box rusts quickly but you ca n't beat this cooker for the price .
 I did tons of research before buying this smoker/grill , although I 'll probably use it exclusively as a smoker since I have a Weber kettle and a gas grill that work just fine . I shopped around and considered a number of factors and settled on the CharGriller because of the number of positive reviews for this grill , at this price point , with these features . I did shop price and found several places where it was much cheaper than Amazon . Originally Amazon was pricing this around $ 299 . I complained through the site and the price dropped to $ 230 . For a week or so the price was at $ 217 , but I noticed it 's back up . I ordered and received the grill and the box looked distressingly like those American Tourister suitcases that had been thrown into the gorilla cage in the old commercials . I took pictures for evidence just in case but I did n't need them . The grill was in good shape and all the hardware and parts looked to be there . It took a couple of hours to assemble as the instructions are n't particularly intuitive . But I muddled through and often used my own tool box to supplement the single pliers and screwdriver they say it takes to assemble it.I wo n't go into detail , but I did a number of modifications to my grill before even seasoning it which I found online in a number of sites . I found these mods to be very beneficial on my first smoke . -LRB- If you want to see more about how I built it , modified it and cooked in it , visit my blog at -LSB- ... -RSB- . So far , I 've been very pleased . The steel used in construction I 'd say was moderate quality -- not the cheapest out there -LRB- trust me , there are a lot thinner grills out there on the market -RRB- and not the most expensive -LRB- for $ 230 , I was n't expecting a battleship -RRB- . I fired it up with food the first time this week and made three racks of ribs , three pork loins and six polish sausages . FAN-FRICKIN-TASTIC ! I used a mixture of lump charcoal , briquettes , hickory and oak pieces and it was delicious . I learned more about the maintaining the proper temp and smoke -LRB- I think I was diverting too much heat at first so the food was taking longer to cook than I expected -RRB- . My one complaint , I knew it would happen and it did , but it should n't
 I 've had one since 2004 - and have literally wore the firebox out . I had to order a replacement today.What I have learned : If you operate it in the same fashion as a Weber Smokey Mountain , you 'll have good results.Open the stack all the way.Open the firebox vent enough to get it up to 225 . I also added a candy thermometer to the thing - the original is n't all that accurate .
 How old is this order ???? I know my son loves it . I really thought I had already rated this . Oh well .
 Just bought this grill despite some really bad reviews . We do n't have any of the issues some reviews complaint about . - The warming rack did not warp - Lifting and lowering the coal grate is no problem at all and dumping the ash is as easy as it can be - Every grill should be covered if you intend to use it for a long time and leave it outside - We also have no air leaks and the airflow is great.We grilled steaks in 6 minutes , had kebabs and pork chops everything came out great . Best grill ever .
 This grill is made good , be careful on installing the warming rack but other then that it is well worth the money , and do n't forget to season the grates before you cook on them .
 I do n't know what these people expect for under -LSB- ... -RSB- ... I have been using this grill for over a year and it works great and has plenty of cookouts left .
 I bought this grill for my fiance and we love it !!! It is super sturdy , larger than I expected , and easy to use !! We love it , we grill out almost every night with it !!!
 I love the grill . The size is perfect as well as the shelves for holding tools and other grill related things . However , there were so many parts . The instructions were not the best . I had someone help me . If I had not had help , the grill would probably still be in parts all over my dining room !
 I am very satisfied with this grill . It was a birthday present . It was easy to assemble and came quickly . It is easy to take care of and works awesomely .
 very good charcoal grill , it took some time to break in but well worth the effort , and the flavor is better than gas !!!
 Assembly took a while but was n't difficult . It is a lot of grill for the money .
 I bought Char-Griller 2123 from Amazon about 3 months ago . I recently moved to new apartment and intstalled that grill on one of my balconies . I disagree with other reviewrs opinions maybe becase it is my first charcoal grill and I think the grill is absulutly great for 5-6 people family or even small parties . I cook at least 2-3 times a week and love it love it love it !
 I am very happy with this grill . I looked at both the Patio Pro Model and the Super Pro model as well . I chose this one based on it 's size , and that I wanted to be able to easily cook for myself or for a group of friends.The grill arrived with a few dents in the body . I contacted Char-Griller and they shipped replacement parts to me immediately - they arrived within two days.The set-up was fairly easy . The instructions recommend 2 people , but I was able to set it up by myself.I seasoned the grill , and I have grilled 3 - 4 times on it now . Every time I learn a little bit more about grilling , and controlling the temperature on a charcoal grill.Overall , I think this was a great decision for me . Sure , you can spend $ 10 more and get the Super Pro - but that is just more grill to heat .
 I looked at this grill for over 6 months . I already own the Patio Pro and wanted another grill/smoker a little larger . The dimensions given on the description are misleading so THANK YOU to whomever put the pictures up with that 12 '' skillet on it . It gave me a real good idea of the actual grill size . It 's just about double the size of the Patio Pro so PERFECT!I followed the instructions to the letter , leaving things hand tightened until I got to the part where it said tighten everything up . The only issue was on one of the legs and that merely took a little persuasion from a rubber mallet . The more bolts I tightened the sturdier it got . I am pleased with the construction . It took me 1.5 hours to complete the assembly and be ready to begin the seasoning and yes I used bacon grease on the cast iron grill grates . I am from Louisiana and we know how to season cast iron cookware . I do agree with a previous review about the smoke stack assembly , it installs from the inside and if left in the weather will allow water in during rain . This will need to be sealed or you need to get a cover . Since I bought mine mostly for smoking it will get sealed , at least to the point of not leaking air around it but I plan to get a cover.I have cooked on it twice , smoking both times , A whole chicken on the warming rack below the stack and one directly below , 2 hours later a foil pan of veggies got thrown on for about an hour . The meat was falling apart . The second time was smoked burgers . I am extremely pleased with this grill as far as the cooking ability and size.The number one gripe about this grill is the top/lid . It fits good enuf , I wo n't be getting sealant for it or anything like that . The issue is the Char Griller name plate . It appears someone mis-drilled the lid and so they bent the name plate to get it to line up and place the rivets in it . The name plate has a nice kink in it . I ca n't believe they would even send something out like that . It does n't affect the function of the grill but I plan to take care of this grill and it should last me at least 10 years . I would really like a replacement lid for it but it seems trivial for me to call the company about this so I have n't decided to YET!If you buy this grill I do n't think you 'll be disappointed . Take your time during the assembly and follow the instructions , as well as the seasoning instructions . Happy Grilling : - -RRB-
 I ordered this grill on Thursday morning , used prime to get $ 4 next day shipping , and sure enough by 1pm on Friday the grill was on my porch . Great job Amazon ! Now about the grill . . A friend of mine has the super pro , which is just a little more grill than I 'll need most of the time , so I took a chance on this one . The size is perfect , slightly more room than I have on the kettle type grills I wear out every year . Assembly was n't difficult at all ; it went together with no problems in about an hour . After getting it together I brushed the entire exterior of the barrel and the entire inside including grates , with a healthy layer of bacon grease . Then I piled in some charcoal and a few cut pieces of hickory and lit some fire to it for its break in burn . A few times I noticed some smoke leaking out from around the chimney and even around the thermometer , but this does n't really concern me since I know after a few more uses the smoke residue from the wood I burn will eventually seal the little gaps . I also noticed quite a bit of smoke leaking out of the gaps on the sides of the grill when it was closed , this might be remedied by slightly pushing in the sides of the top piece , but I 'll cook on it a few more times to determine if its really even necessary . Compared to the kettles I 've had in the past there 's just no comparison . I can use less charcoal and wood and it 'll burn longer and hotter . The warming rack on the kettles always ends up being a pain in the ass to keep secured and they end up falling down mid grill with the only weight of a few potato 's and corn on the cob on it . The rack on this grill is sturdier and seems to be better secured . The iron grates are a huge plus as well since I like to cook some things in a big and heavy cast iron skillet . I have no worries about it being able to hold the weight , unlike on the kettles where I 've always been worried about the grate giving in and everything falling into the coals . This is an awesome grill and should last awhile if you take care of it properly . I know I 'll be using mine every chance I have until winter gets here and makes cooking outdoors not soo much fun , but right now I just have to decide whats for dinner tonight : -RRB-
 There are a few factors that led me to choosing this grill . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Heat source - I am from Jamaica and we use nothing but coal ! -LRB- 2 -RRB- Price - Bought it for right around the $ 100 price tag plus free shipping , that to me was a good deal . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Size - I did n't want a grill that was too large neither too tiny like the Weber Kettle . This was right in the middle , I could roast fish -LRB- seasoned and wrapped in foil -RRB- or Jerk chicken on any given weekend without using a whole lot of coal . The last social I hosted had over 40 people and this grill was the champ . . The Grates can hold a 10 lb bag of leg quarters and the warming racks can take quite a number of hot dogs . Its moderate size also meant less space for storage.Assembly could be challenging for some but if you have the required tools , common sense and can read then you will be fine . I had the box with a picture of the grill on it in the same area I was assembling for reference.The only concern I had with this grill was -LRB- as you can see from the picture -RRB- how to haul it . You had to hold onto the side shelf , which is constucted of a thin wood , to move it . Though properly secured with metal support , the wood shelf part feels like it could break off in my had if I was n't very careful . Since I do n't move this around everyday , I only notice it when that time comes.I am very pleased with my purchase would say to anyone considering it `` Go For It ! ''
 I purchased this for my husband for his 30th birthday . This grill is much sturdier than the pictures led me to believe . So far , my husband LOVES his grill . It retains heat well , is sturdy and easy to clean . It appears as though the company has made improvements since the earlier reviews were written.We did the 2 hour burnoff to season the grill/cast iron plates and it maintained constant temperature for well over 2 hours . There has not been any smoke coming out of the sides of the grill , just the chimney . The warming rack is not warped at all after a few uses.Assembly on the other hand , was tedious . I had no issues with parts lining up or holes not being punched out , it just took forever to assemble.I also uploaded 2 pictures , one with the cooking grates , one without . Both show the handles used to raise/lower the charcoal . I thought those were important pictures missing from the manufacturer 's description/pictures .
 I assembled this myself and found it pretty easy as they separated and labeled the nuts and bolts with the appropriate sections of the grill . I took my time with the assembly over 2 days as I was under a busy schedule . The smokestack was bent at the base so I called the 800 number as well as emailed Char-Griller and requested a replacement . I included Amazon 's proof of purchase with the email and they sent my replacement smokestack immediately.I grilled several meals on it and have found it to be efficient and effective in getting all the food grilled to perfection!The company has my vote and will continue to be considered the top griller company !
 We purchase these grills for each of the apartments we rent on a short term bases . They are fairly easy to assemble as long as you follow the instructions . Our grills are kept under cover when not in use , but they are exposed to sea air and sometimes strong winds . We are getting about 3 years out of each grill , which we think is not too bad considering the weather conditions and the fact they are used several times a week . We regularly clean out the ashes from the grills , clean and oil the grates , and clean the wood shelves . We also regularly check and tighten any loose screws . The grills are a good value and we will continue to purchase them .
 My son has been grilling all summer - but our old grill finally gave out - I ordered this grill for Christmas . It was easy to assemble - and its a great size - not too big and not too small . I see lots of BBQ 's in our future .
 For the price , this is perfect , and you 'll be amaze of how much you can grill in there , it is actually pretty big .
 I received the item very fast from Amazon . The first thing I did was open the box and read the instructions . It was very easy to put together . The instructions say 2 people are needed for assembly ; I did it by myself in about an hour . Some parts of the instructions are a bit tricky as the pictures are not really visible , but with a little brain power you can figure it out . Unlike a few of the other rating I &#8217; ve read on here , All seams and pieces of the grill line up and fit together perfectly . The actually grill is cast iron which is awesome for cooking anything . Remember to season the grill with vegetable oil , just like you would a cast iron skillet . I seasoned the grill and the entire inside of the grill shell . Of course the first thing I cooked on my new grill was steaks . They came out perfect . The adjustable coal tray height is wonderful . I did notice that there was a little smoke coming out around the base of the smokestack . It was only a little bit . Once the grill gets more use and burnt on &#8220; crud &#8221; it should seal all leaks . Since I will be keeping it outside , I bought the grill cover that goes with this model to protect it so I can use it for years.Shipping time
 This was a good investment on my part . I 've had this for -LSB- 2 -RSB- summer 's now & am very pleased with it . I have been doing a lot of grilling but have yet to do anything smoked , so I ca n't comment on that yet . This is by far the best griller I 've ever had . I find that when I use Kingsford charcoal , the kind that does n't need lighter fuel , just a match to get things going is the best stuff out there . I still put some lighter fluid on the coals & in abot 5 to 10 minutes I have the heat up around 350 degrees . With the regular Kingsford charcoal you could read all of ` War & Peace &#34; before the coals get that hot . This has cooked all types of meat in 10-15 minutes . It 's easy to empty the ashes & if you spend a little time cleaning the grill each time you use it , I 'm sure this will last you a long time . I would recommend this to anyone interested in doing some really good grilling .
 Things started out badly as I began assembling this barrel grill . For one thing the top and bottom portions of the barrel were slightly bowed , inviting leaks , so I did a little body work and squared up the flanges . Then came the assembly itself and right off I discover things were slightly out of synch . When you assemble the axle and wheel group , put the cotter pins in before placing the wheel caps , and make sure that the recessed portions of the wheels face outwards , or it 's too late . Later as you attempt to place the support arms on the front shelf , do n't use the picture , there 's no place to put the bolts to fix the support arms to the legs . Note the holes in the barrel just above the leg assembly . Yep , use those with 3/4 '' bolts and locknuts . By the way , if you 're using a Weber chimney starter , put something nonflammable over the wooden slats on the front shelf , because a hot ash or tow will scorch , and if large enough , light up that shelf . Now you can see the advantages of the Char-Griller 2222 , the Pro model , where they 've dispensed with the flammable shelf and enlarged the grill , giving you better bang for the buck at the MSRP , which suggests the reason behind a much higher discount for the Wrangler than the Pro . Now for the really good news
 Got this charcoal yesterday . Wonderful ! easy to assemble , instructions very well explained , parts identified properly -LRB- and I am a french canadian ! -RRB- . Try it last night with friends . We were impressed . It could hold a constant temperature for hours with not much charcoal briquettes . No fuss , no stress controlling the heat with the damper and the air pipe and the adjustable charcoal grate.So in resume , quality for the price and simple but efficient engineering ! Cast iron grates are the best!No such kind of charcoal grills in Quebec , we have junks -LRB- like Uniflame -RRB- and the only good one is the Weber but no grates adjustements .
 Easy to put together . Cooks very well . I have n't tried the smoke box but did try using a rotisserie . Be warned . Do n't skimp on a rotisserie motor ! I bought a rotisserie kit -LRB- not from Char-Griller -RRB- and the motor that came with it had enough power to roast mashmallows . The spit contanstantly fell out of the housing when I tried to rotisserie a chicken . The griller has performed wonderfully and is much easier to use than the Weber Kettle that I had been using for the last 15 years . The Char-Griller is a keeper !
 A good grill overall . Arrived w / 2 of the grates cracked , Char-Griller replaced them quickly and easily . They were n't unuseable as is , but certainly damaged.Other than the lid warping some as many seem to have issues w / , I think it 's a great deal for a good smoker/grill . Got the side firebox add-on , and a cover . Assembly was n't too bad.Only real complaint is that the grill ships in the same box it retails in , which is n't durable enough for shipping by itself , and the grill arrived dented .
 The only issue that I had with assembly was figuring out which way the wheels went on the axle ... finally apparent that the caps had to fit in the recessed area ... the rest of the instructions were just fine ... no issues.Good instructions on seasoning the grill ... anyone that does n't do that will be disappointed in the first cook.REALLY like the way it is put together and having 4 legs versus the 3 on a Weber kettle ... that is what I had . Also like the fact of just raising the hood rather than trying to find somewhere to put it on the ground . The ash dump is seriously great ... almost as good as the can under the expensive Webers . Also the ability to control the temp is much better ... and there is actually a gauge to read!Bottom line is this ... versus a Weber ... this is much better ! And the Burgers are great !!!
 The Char-Griller 2123 is a great charcoal grill . It is perfect for a small family , but big enough to accommodate a larger crowd . The best feature is the ability to adjust the distance between the grates and the charcoal . But it has one problem
 OK people , here 's the deal . No other product on the market cooks as well as a Char-Griller . Get the side box , and you have one of the best smokers on the market , too . These grills do have a few issues and , if you are the type that wants to put a grill together and never touch it again , stick to fancy overpriced stainless propane jobs . If you understand that proper charcoal/wood grilling takes work , this thing is great . I barbecue as a part time job , so I know what I 'm talking about here , people . This thing is easy to regulate heat and does n't take much practice to make the best damn BBQ you ever had . I use one at home , occasionally take it to small catering jobs , and use it to pre-smoke chicken for my popular roadside BBQ.Here are some complaints I 've noticed that I feel I need to address in my own special and eloquent way ... # 1 , you need to oil it and light yourself a big old fire for a while to protect it and get all the casting oil and what not out of the cast iron grates . It 's cast iron , it needs done on any grill . before you use it . -LRB- noticed some complaints on other reviews -RRB- . # 2 , The grates have advantages and disadvantages . there 's a couple of them that lift in and out with a handy dandy little tool . when you lose the tool , you have to use a fork . It 's not hard , but I 'd like them to be a little bigger . When they eventually crack and break -LRB- it takes years -RRB- , you can order new ones from Char-Griller or find them at Lowe 's . They are cheap . # 3 , Rust . These grills rust , eventually . An annual $ 7.00 ban of heat paint , re-oiling , and baking before it starts cures this problem right quick . # 4 , Fire . These things will catch on fire if you put them away greasy . Simple solution - do n't put it away greasy . If you do , drag it out in the yard , pull the ash pan , scrape all the crap in the bottom , douse it with lighter fluid , leave the lid open , and light it up . let it burn . knock the burnt crap in the yard when the fire goes out , and it 's clean . Hit it with degreaser and a hose if you want to , but you will have to re-oil and heat treat it again when you 're done . # 5 , Stuff comes loose . Pretty simple solution there , tighten up all the bolts every once in a while . # 6 , Wheels . This is the only design flaw . Cheapo wheels that do n't last long . if you do n't move it , put it up on blocks . If you do move it , go get some decent wheels off of a lawnmower , and put them on . New , they 're 10 bucks . If you have a broken lawnmower , they are free . # 7 , Thermometer . This thing will not take long to break . Learn to build your fire and feel the grill for heat . watch the thermometer the first few times you use it . Become one with the grill like any good BBQ cook is , and you wo n't need it anymore , anyhow . If you use the smoker a lot , and want to watch it out the window , they are cheap to replace anyhow . # 8 , Dumping . It 's hot and a little bit dirty . You 're cooking with fire , people . there 's ash . fire is hot . Deal with it . It 's got a lift out tray that catches most of it . If ash and dirt is a problem for you , get a gas grill . # 9 , Grease . Yes , it will leave a grease stain on your deck or porch from grease that drips down the back of the lid when you open it . You definitely want to set this grill on something hoseable . Be extra careful with any grill on a composite deck . They stain really easy . # 10 , Cheesy wooden shelving . When it eventually broke after a few years , I replaced it with some old cutting boards . Wish I would have done it right out of the box . You could use some 5/4 deck boards or whatever scrap wood you can find . Pretty easy.If you take care of your Char-Griller , and use it pretty often , you will have it for 10 years . If you let it sit out , and do n't take care of it , it will rot out and fall apart pretty quickly . This is not the perfect grill for everyone , but for the true BBQ enthusiast , it 's absolutely the best choice out there . Several sizes are out there to fit your needs , and there is even a duo model that 's propane on one side and charcoal on the other . I will be putting my current model in the garage soon , using it only for catering , and giving that one a whirl . As die hard as I am , I must say that propane has a place when you work 2 jobs and just want to make a quick dinner -LRB- especially if you already smoked it on the other side and froze it -RRB- . My old gas grill finally died , and I figured I 'd write a review on old faithful as I order it 's fancy new replacement . For the record , though , My current charcoal Char-Griller , though slightly modified and upgraded over the years as previously mentioned , is 10 years old , heavily used , abused , and still in great shape thanks to proper maintenance .
 I just picked this grill up as an impulse purchase over the Memorial Day Holiday Weekend when my local grocer stocked one as part of a holiday display.I was n't sure quite what to expect with no display unit and just the one boxed unit to select from and the packaging making a lot of bold grill claims for a very reasonable amount of money.It was a bit of a challenge to put together myself -LRB- the instructions recommend two people construct it -RRB- and it took about an hour to do it but one person alone can assemble it if need be.First the bad news ... the fit and finish was truly lacking in many areas , most especially in the front and side tables that are assembled by the factory ... plus there is no way that this grill is or could ever be air tight ! Close but no cigar.Despite this it still seemed like a lot of grill for the money when comparing it to a long line of Webbers I have owned over the years.Now for the good news ... the airflow inside the grill is amazing ... I have never seen charcoal light so easily , burn so intensely and ash over and be ready for cooking so quickly ... the briquettes were completely ashed over and perfect for steak grilling in just ten minutes!I selected a 2 inch thick rib-eye for the inaguaral run to christen the grill and test it out as the high fat content in the rib-eye can lead to some challenging flair ups that can entail a lot of turning . I wanted to see if like many grills the steak would get stuck to the grill and and just how sturdy the grill plates were if I had to pull stuck meat off of them.The cast iron grill surface much to my delight quickly seared and carmelized the exterior of the steak to restaurant quality perfection with the meat never sticking to it . The thick slats distributed most of the flames throughout them keeping the steak from burning even while being saturated with some pretty intense and extemely hot flames.The steak reached a perfect medium rare doneness in just about 6 minutes flat , with a perfect seared latice pattern on each side.Letting the meat rest for five full minutes on the plate so it could naturally finish cooking and redistribute the juices on it 's own not one drop of juice leaked out ... the meat had been perfectly seared.I 'm not sure what roasting will be like with this grill yet , but if you are a meat lover who enjoys a serious char-broiled cut of beef , dollar for dollar this is one impressive grill .
 He ; s a dedicated charcoal griller
 . . and he absolutely loves it . EVERY single chance he gets , he grills . I definitely recommend this grill . It 's good for when just us two are eating or when we 're feeding a decent sized crowd . My dad has the same grill except it 's one size up from this one . They both are great . HIGHLY recommended !
 Best grill I have ever owned , temp . controled by air slots on end , cooked turkey tonight it was great ... Jack
 I 'm usually very wary of all-in-one sets . This tool set bragged to have 18 tools necessary for grilling . I bought it because I wanted the tongs , the spatula , and the grill cleaner , and it was only a few bucks more to buy this set rather than just those tools . I had the lowest of expectations for this product . I was pleasantly surprised . The tools are exceptionally rugged . They are not cheap or shoddy . Most of the tools in the set are essential to a cookout . The carrying case is convenient . The thing I liked the most about this set is that it is surprisingly cheap for the amount of tools and the quality . ... If you do n't have these grilling tools already , you might as well pick this set up . It has all the basics you 'll need to start grilling like a pro .
 This is an excellent price for this product . The stainless steel knife is the best part of this set . I have bought numerous grilling sets in the past , and have never seen one offered with a cutting knife . The basting brush , knife , fork , slotted spatula , tongs , grill brush/scraper , skewers , corn holders are all very good quality . What else could you ask for in a barbeque grill set .
 This is a nice heavy duty product at a fair price . The 50 ' length can handle almost any job at my townhome and the 1/2 '' diameter carries sufficient water flow to use a pistol-grip sprayer with force and a watering wand that actually showers plants instead of dribbling out the end . I would highly recommend this product over the flimsy 3/8 '' products on the market .
 This hose is fantastic . Its light and easy to pull . I use it to water my plants in containers . Its easy to pull around and not at all heavy . It closes back up to a small coil when your done . I could only find it at Amazon . All my local stores had big rubber hoses that you have to coil back up .
 OMG I 'm so happy I found this ! I had one several years ago and loved it . When it came time to replace it I could n't find anything but a cheap knock of ! It would tangle if you looked at it cross-eyed and always kink , it would never go back to it 's original coil . I honestly have been looking for a good one for the past two summers . I have a hose reel with a lidded compartment on top , this is where I store the coil hose with the sprayer wand attached hanging outside . I wish I could include a picture to show the difference in the good hose and the piece of c ** p I had before . Canadians Rock !!!
 We had a light-weight coil hose that did develop pin holes after 2 years . This new heavy - weight hose is a huge improvement . It should last many years .
 No more tangling . I used to have a regular garden hose which gets tangled a lot.This one solved that issue . Moreover its long enough to cover my garden . Its definitely a good buy . Its a bit heavy but thats something i can live with . No leaks at the connection to the tap or spray gun . Most of the spray guns fit perfectly as well .
 This hose is sturdy having a 1/2 inch coil.It 's easy for me to move it around my yard and to attach to a sprinkler.It does not tangle and is so much easier to lay in a little pile , rather than winding it up on a hose reel.I 've been very pleased with all products send by Amazon .
 I was in the market for a compact hose system since I hated having to wind up a hose on a reel when I 'm done with it . Those older systems always work the first few times but after the dirt gets in there it 's impossible to use.Overall I am very happy with the 50-foot 1/2-inch hose from Plastair -LRB- I 've been using it for 2 months -RRB- . The pressure that comes out is very nice for a compact hose . The length is sufficient enough to wash my car that 's 25 feet away from my water outlet.The one bad thing -LRB- not really their fault -RRB- is that since it is so heavy duty and it is so long , it gets to be pretty heavy to move it around . I found on several occasions that I was bumping the heavy hose into the side of my car as I was walking around the car.If I were to do it again , maybe I would have gone with a shorter hose , but all in all I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 This is a pretty good hose . It 's great not to have to roll it up after each use . I 've had it for a couple of months now and it 's has n't lost any of its spring so far so I am pretty happy . The length is perfect . It reaches every area of my yard .
 This is the best coil hose that I have found out there nice and thick no pin holes -LRB- yet -RRB- coils right back up every time and the deal went Quick and slick.The only thing I did notice is in the picture the ends are brass when it arrived the ends are some silver alloy .
 Hose was delivered timely and works very well . I have a townhouse so space is important and this hose does the job .
 Does n't kink and stretches far . Works great with my fancy nozzle . I like the thickness of the hose . Should have bought two .
 After searching for months for a quality ciled hose with no successI finally went to Amazon and found this one and ordered 2 of them . I could n't be more pleased with the quality . Would recommend it to anyone whating a quality coied hose .
 Maybe it seems overly dramatic , but this hose has changed my life ! At least the portion spent in the garden . I will never buy a standard hose again . My plants will suffer less neglect , because this hose is so convenient to use . I * hate * winding hoses . These strong emotions cause me to procrastinate and therefore lose many pretty plants . I 've purchased special -LRB- read
 Having purchased the chintzy 3/8-in coil hoses that conventional big-box hardware stores sell , there is no question this Canadian-made 1/2-in coil hose is superior in construction . And the larger diameter hose makes a noticeable difference in water pressure . Definitely worth the small extra cost over conventional store-bought 3/8-in coil hoses . Buy it .
 I bought this for my husband to water our porch plants . He loves it ! I had the right expectations when buying this , so keep in mind that you realistically wo n't be able to use this 50 feet from the source since it does not unwind perfectly straight and it is thicker than those available at Lowes/Home Depot for better flow . The pressure is great and my gardener husband loved his surprise !
 I had about given up on coiled hoses though we really require one since our spigot is far up on a porch and we need to take a house down the steps , over a deck , and then to the yard ... if we have a straight hose it 's just next to impossible to not have it getting tangled , and laying across everything . My two previous hoses that were coiled I liked the idea of but they were very flimsy and tangled far more easily . We 've had this one a year now and it 's far superior . Quite strong , difficult to tangle , coils easily , and we have 2 of them attached together for even better length . It 's not tangle-free , especially when you connect two , but it 's fairly difficult to tangle , easy to get undone , and I have n't ever had it crimp yet.We 'd buy it again .
 Since I read the reviews before I made this purchase , I knew to order one longer than I felt I needed . I like this product , but as the other reviews stated , you can not make use of the full length of the hose , since it is coiled . Mine is attached to my laundry room sink , for spraying off things in the sink , and filling buckets sitting on the floor . The coiled feature keeps the hose out of the way .
 Throw out your ld hoses . This thing is awesome . Recoils itself back to place . Chrome durable fittings . Can stretch to 50 ' !!! This is perfect for forward thinkers that like new innovative products . Those old hoses are a thing of the past . Join the club !!!
 I had purchased this hose about 2 years ago for myself , and have really enjoyed the ease of use . When my grandchildren came for a visit , the 3-year-old was really enamored of this hose and the nozzle I bought with it . His dad liked it , too , and was happy that it was lead-free . I promised to send them one of their own , and I did . They really like it . It does stretch as far as stated , and the nozzle fits well . The only improvement could be a better ring on the nozzle/hose .
 I am the worst about wrapping the hose up everytime I used it . It always got left in the yard and would end up in a tangled mess . I bought the 50 ' hose per the reviews you get about 25 ' of use , which is true . The only drawback is that it 's a little heavy to drag around , but the benefit of no tangle and not having to coil it up is worth it . Even the spray nozzel I purchased with it fit on perfectly and there are NO drips . I can leave my water turned on at the faucet if I want . I was surprised as this is not Brass fittings , but they work great . I 'm going to get another one for the front yard . Keep in mind , I 'm only using this to water plants and the dog got a good washing too !
 this is just what I wanted . Easy to use and very substantial . Glad I got it .
 Finally have a hose that is big enough in diameter to produce adequate water to the nozzle .
 This hose is bigger than most curly hoses , delivers a strong stream of water and then practically puts itself away . So much easier to deal with than a regular dead hose that just lays there being ugly and hard to handle .
 I have four various size coil hoses and this one is by far the best . . very wide coil and does not tangle easily like some of the other ones . Very good value
 Pleased to find this larger diameter coil garden hose . ALL the local hardware stores only carried the small diameter hose which does n't give enough flow . Hose off roof deck and water plants .
 I needed these for custom hose lengths for a rain collection project . Not much to say - they 're solid and the teeth bite in to the hose to keep them from slipping off . MUCH better than the hose clamp type because the clamp is always in the way or snagging on something.I used some channellocks to squeeze down the teeth evenly and some gutter sealer smeared on the barb to make sure it would n't leak or work loose . Also helps the hose slide on , but you 'll never get it off!Be smart , do n't mash the teeth into the hose so hard they cut through it ... Just enough to get a bite on the outer jacket .
 This grass seed works really well . I tilled up my soil a bit in August laid the seed down in a spot that was barren and in a week or so I had green grass . I had even planted st augustine plugs into the ground that just didnt take off un the same spot . It 's January now so it 's been six months and we had snow this winter and it 's still the greenest part of my lawn . I know there is some annual rye grass in this product but it hasnt seemed to matter . I 'm going back for a second bag to fill in some more bare spots on my backyard .
 It looks like all other grass seed and I am sure it will sprout up just fine . For the price you ca n't go wrong .
 I purchased this product after aerating my difficult , weedy and/or bare front and back lawns , spreading the seed after a good rain in late September in Richmond , Va. . I did n't have enough seed to do both , so I used another product with a similar mixture of rye and fescue manufactured by Vigoro and purchased at a local Home Depot on the back yard section . Three weeks later I have a pretty nice looking lawn going in the front yard and virtually nothing in the back yard . I watered both yards equally . On the rare places where I put down fresh soil because the ground was so rocky , I noticed the JG seed would germinate in a matter of days , not weeks.Now , what remains to be seen is how long the lawn will last . I have n't had much luck in the past . / / / / Update Early December -- Front lawn is a bright dense green , one of the few on the block since most of the other lawns are going dormant . A lot of rain has been beneficial . The back lawn has improved but still lacks grass in large splotches .
 My front lawn has a lot of weeds and moss and little sun so it has been very difficult to get a decent lawn , and I have been trying to establish my lawn for years . This year , I tried Jonathan Green and was very pleased . It grew really well and with very little preparation on my part . I mildly tilled the lawn with a hand tiller , threw the seed down -LRB- a lot of it -RRB- and watered regularly . One side of my lawn responded really well and I have a full lawn in less then a month . The other side of my lawn did not grow very much at all . I am investing why , but I think it has to do with the type of weed that is present on that side and not on the other -LRB- shallow rooted , fast growing curly weed -RRB- . But I digress , I thoroughly approve of this product , it works better than the other products I have tried through the years .
 It grows by our creek where the soil is very sandy . So I 'm happy ! :-RRB- To be honest I thought nothing can grow there , certainly not so fast , but in two weeks time there was grass starting to come out . And now we purchased two more packages !
 I ran out of this grass half way thru a large sandy `` patch '' I tilled over in my backyard . I had to purchase Vigoro from home depot to finish the other half . Let me tell you , it is night and Day the difference !!!! This grass is thick and bright green , the vigoro still hasnt even fully germinated in over 2 weeks , very thin sprouts and very patchy . I dont think I will use anything else now , especially if I need to establish a new area !
 I decided to use this Jonathan Green product because of the positive reviews . My house is an one hundred years old city dwelling and my small yard was a neglected but undisturbed space . After pulling weeds and preparing the soil I applied the grass seed with an organic peat moss blanket for protection . I did n't use any fertilizer because I had just planted a tree that needed acidic soil and my primary concern was to establish the young tree . I kept the soil moist . To my amazement germination started after 4 days ! In two weeks The grass is bright green and super plush ! It 's over 4 inches now and ready for it 's first clipping . Neighbors are amazed ! I find myself staring at my yard , it looks so healthy .
 My lawn is a terrible mess because the previous owners obviously did not care about it . I searched around and finally decided to purchase this lawn because ot the reviews . Its been 2 and half weeks and I am truly impressed . I also applied othe seeeds and by far this product is outperforming them . I just purchased 4 additional bags . Just wish there was free delivery so I could purchase even more . You will not regret this purchase . Will add additional review in a few months when the grass truly comes in .
 I bought this because my grass grew then died so I bought this to get it going again and this worked like crazy . I first put it in those areas of my grass that completly died and was just dirt , and within 2 weeks I had beautiful green grass . My lawn looks great and now I 'm using it every three months or so just to keep my grass healthy and beautiful . I live in a community where everyone takes pride in keeping their grass and landscaping looking good and little old single me who does n't like to get out their in the yard and do any of that type of work I find this very easy to use and keep me in good standing with the neighbors.I did n't enven do what everyone as well as the directions say to do which is to aerate the ground first then seed and water the grass regularly . I did aerate the extreme areas then put the seed down and watered it but then let the natural elements take over from there and my grass grew just fine . Now all I do is sprinkle hand full of seeds around my yard and let mother nature do the rest and I have a yard that I 'm proud of .
 Prompt response to the order . My order arrived in `` No Time At All '' . A + customer care and service . Will return !
 So far so good . I bought this product to keep my dog out of what used to be a garden -LRB- now a wild mess of weeds -RRB- at my duplex . it keeps her and other animals out . I 'm sure that if she tried hard enough she could just push it down but it serves its purpose .
 I have several planter boxes on the ground behind our mobile home . Rabbits and birds like to eat the veggies . Now that I have this easy-to-cut and place over the boxes they leave them alone .
 I was very surprised at the quality of this item considering the price . The plastic is very sturdy ... not some cheap plastic . The unit feels good in your hands . This is an excellent value for the price.EDIT
 This is a good little brush . my hand gets warm when using it , but not hot enough to burn . Brissles seem to be holding up just fine after a dozen uses .
 I 've used this for over two years now and it 's been the most durable grill brush I 've ever had . It still looks good and works fine !
 This is an inexpensive brush that does as advertised . Good quality manufacture , though obviously its plastic not wooden . I did n't think the short handle would be an issue - actually it can be a bit uncomfortable on a very hot grill , but especially if I leave it next the grill while it 's warming up so that the handle is hot already.So if I don ; t do that it 's fine .
 This is a very sturdy brush . I was impressed with the quality for the price .
 This product , a lawnmower belt for a 50 '' cut Craftsman garden tractor was received in good time and is of high quality . It appears to be capable of long life and service and it will need to as it gets hard use on a 25 acre farm .
 Got the Bloom and the Grow products and have yielded AMAZING results , my plants have suffered abuse and neglect and with the help of CES bloom and grow my harvest was plentiful and DELICIOUS , will definitely use again .
 I ca n't believe it took me so long to find this item . I have stuggled with lighting charcol for years . This item works just as easily as advertised . It is holding up great so far .
 I purchased this in July 2008 and store it outside . Before purchasing the Stainless-steel Chimney Grill Starter I had to replace the plain steel chimneys every year . Well worth the money .
 I was concerned about using lighter fluid and having the fumes in our food . This works great and stainless is a must !
 Product works great ... use 3 sheets of newspaper crumpled up and placed underneath ... your charcoal will be ready to use in minutes ... Great Product !
 We 've had these chimney type grill starters for a while now , and they all seems to just fall apart after a coouple dozen uses . I do n't think this one will . Solid stainless with heavy wall construction and very well built . Worked with one piece of newspaper first time and out since then . Looking forward to using this for years to come . I think the extra cost for the extra quality is well worth the investment .
 This chimney is outstanding ! I 've shopped around and looked at several chimney 's . This by far is the best one that I have seen ! The material is very sturdy , Thick stainless wall . I 'm sure this will last me many years ! I 'm tempted to order another one just in case they stop making this thing . It 's so well made that I 'm afraid that they will be putting themselves out of business.Other Chimney 's break after 1 season so people will buy more.This one wo n't break for many years , and by that time , they may go out of business . Due to lack of return customers . -LRB- Because they are making such a quality product ! -RRB- The aluminum rivets is it 's only weak point . But if they ever fail I 'll just buy some stainless nuts and bolts at Homedepot . -LRB- Problem solved ! -RRB- Someone mentioned that Walmart had the same chimney for $ 9.97 ? That 's BS ! Walmarts Chimney is Crap compared to this one ! -LRB- Believe me it 's not even close -RRB- Spend a little more and you 'll be much happier!I highly recommend this item to anyone looking for a quality chimney ! Believe me for what you get , this chimney is well worth the money , and it will save you money in the long run!I really think I 'm going to pull the trigger and ordering another one as a spare !
 It 's a little smaller than the ones I 've had in the past , but if it lasts longer I 'll get over it . Appears to be well made . I miss the bale handle found on the Weber brand . April 24th the bottom fell out . So much for long lasting . Rivets in the handle are getting loose too . I 'll get out the drill and rebuild it like I have done in the past . But that was after at least 2 yrs . of use . Do n't buy this chimney . Stick with Weber .
 Purchased two since I am burning 10 pounds or more of charcoal for a Weber Ranch grill . Very sturdy construction and comfortable handle . I will do the same thing another reviewer said if the rivets come loose and repair with a screw and bolt . I prefer to pour out the coals as opposed to the first chimney I used 25 years ago that released the coals with a hinged bottom when lifted . The heat shield is the right distance from the chimney to protect your hands , although I tend to wear Ove Gloves when pouring the coals anyway .
 My husband has always been in charge of the grill , and that was fine with both of us . But , when we started dealing with power outageshere in Japan , I realized that I 'd have to conquer my fear of the Weber grill and charcoal-to-lighter-fluid ratio . The Chimney GrillStarter made that easy for me ! And , in the long run , it 's much more economical , since we do n't have to use any lighter fluid . It onlytakes about 10-15 mins to heat the charcoal with the Chimney Grill , then you 're all set . Super Easy ! Even my husband is impressed.I highly recommend this product , even for the experienced grill master !
 Saw this on a cook show for grilling . Then read that the stainless steel one lasts a long tome where as the other one only lasts a season . It does the job quickly ! I 'm lovin it !
 I 've never before used one of these . This is great . I am using the Lazzari natural mesquite wood charcoal with a Weber grill -LRB- purchased through amazon.com -RRB- and this fires right up , quickly . No buckling or distorting from the heat either .
 sometimes it is nice to buy a product that works and will last this appears to be one of them well constructed polished stainless i love it , stay tuned time will tell
 Does the trick . I 'm hoping that it lasts longer than the store-bought black ones . Well constructed and easy to use . I fill mine up with charcoal and start it on the propane burner of my dual charcoal/propane grill .
 Great signs and did n't pay unreasonable amount for them . Quick shipping ! The signs are relatively thin , so if you may need to mount them to some type of backing to hold up to windy conditions .
 I got tired of plastic and paper signs , so am trying out this metal one . Good quality . Easing to install . Visible from a long distance .
 Great product , has a great price . The sign is made of quality material . I will be buying more from them .
 Metal , very sturdy . Can be put up with either nails on trees or with stapler , I would suggest using a step ladder so someone can not rip them down as easily as the paper ones .
 Purchased this for my Sister . She has 15 acres and some jerk decided to shoot , kill and gut a deer about 100yards from her house . She has a couple of these signs now and no more problems -LRB- so far -RRB- . She has also put out a heavy duty chain across her access road . Some people have no respect for others property .
 As advertised , shipped quickly . Cheap and a bit overpriced in my opinion but no complaints . I have it warning my neighbors : -RRB-
 This metal sign was what I was looking for to post outside our property . It worked just fine , came with 4 holes for nails punched in it .
 well , its a easy product , but it is just I hope buy , it arrive on time and the way I waiting
 aluminum sign meant to keep out trespassers and anyone else not wanted on your property great sign easy to hang up or place anywhere on your property
 Sturdy . Better than the plastic ones . Went through multiple plastic signs . Have used these for several years now and they still look new .
 i bought this dog sign last year , and the color has not faded or started to crack . it with held some intense heat and cold . great , easy to see sign !
 This time is the best one that I have found . I am not sure if they have quit making though . It is very hard to find . All the new timers are either `` windup '' or electronic . I need longer than 2 hrs when I water . This one does the job . I have about 6 of them .
 Setting the minutes exactly is a little difficult without craning , but this one does what it 's supposed to . I particularly like the fact that the automatic shutoff is gradual
 I wanted a timer for the lawn sprinkler and was in the process of ordering a new Gilmour sprinkler to replace the one I 've had now for several seasons -LRB- it met with an untimely end due to a backing vehicle ... -RRB- - anyway , I found that Gilmour also made timers so I ordered both . I 've used Gilmour exclusively for years-best lawn stuff on the market , as far as I 'm concerned , and a great company to deal with if there 's any type of problem ! I 've also used Amazon for many years , for more than just books-they usually have what I , m looking for and at a great price ! I highly recommend both Amazon.com and Gilmour .
 I have been using this time by Gilmour for a few weeks and have had no problems . Gilmour makes a good product .
 THIS PRODUCT WORKS GREAT . . AFTER MY HUSBAND CHARGED IT UP AND GOT IT ALL TOGETHER IT WORKS GREAT . . IT REALLY SAVES YOUR BACK FROM HAND CRANKING . . IT WORKED SO GOOD THAT I PURCHASED ANOTHER ONE.I NOW HAVE ONE FOR THE BACK YARD AND FRONT YARD.FOR BEST RESULT . . MAKE SURE THE HOSE IS IN A STRAGHT LINE -LRB- NO KINKS IN HOSE -RRB- BEFORE STEPPIN ON REWIND PEDAL . . IN A MATTER OF SECONDS I CAN REWIND A 100 FOOT HOSE . . GREAT FOR SENIORS OR PEOPLE WITH BACK PROBLEMS ... WE LOVE IT ... THANK YOU FOR A GREAT PRODUCT . . WELL WORTH THE MONEY . .
 The Powered Suncast Hose Reel is a great back saver for all , especially seniors.I now own 3 units and I recommend them to everyone .
 I never write reviews but felt like I need to jump in and add my two cents to the widely divergent views on this product . It is the bomb ! -LRB- in a good way -RRB- . I had no problems setting it up , works perfectly ; no belt issues . The battery is strong and holds a charge well . I was frustrated with my wife because she would water the flowers in the backyard and leave the hose in a big tangled mess . No more . We fight for the fun of winding the hose now . I never liked cranking my old one anyway - too much work . I would buy another one in a heart beat . Addendum - bought a second one this year for the other side of my house . Takes the pain out of watering .
 I was tired and also my wife of winding up the garden hose . She is an avid gardener . I wanted to make it eaiser for her . I went to Amazon and searched automatic hose reels , This unit came up and the reviews were very positive . I agree and recommend this one to any one who is tired of winding .
 I purchased this hose reel approximately 2 months ago . Setup was easy . I 've got about 100 ' of hose on the reel and it winds it up just fine . Based on my experience so far , I 'd buy it again .
 Easy set up and easy to use -- can not attest to how long it will last as Spring has finally come to the East Coast . So far , so good . It is so easy to rewind the hose .
 I purchased one of these a few years ago for my parents , and I finally decided to buy one for myself . I get so tired of winding the hose reel & trying to get the hose to wind up correctly . This does it all for you just by stepping on the lever . Why did I wait so long to make my life easier ? I would definitely buy another one of these if I ever need one . I highly recommend this product .
 If you are looking for a very good HOME lawn product this is it . I have used this rewinder without a problem . I use it with a rubber hose that is 75 ' . If I would need a 100 ' hose I would use a middle grade hose . Use it for what it is intended and you will be pleased . It is a home lawn product that is not to be abused . I purchased two more . One for myself and one for a gift .
 I live on an acreage and we need several feet of hose to reach every where . I attached this power wind to a cart that I can pull to make it easier to water and spray plants . I believe it is even better than the two I purchased about 3 years ago it is easier to pull out the hose . My experience with the other power winds is that the batter runs over a year on a charge .
 I previously owned 2 water driven auto hoes reels , which both ended up in the garbage after two seasons of use . Wasted my money . Read reviews on the Suncast PW100 and bought two of them . So far they are great . I 've only been able to use them for two month before season ended . The battery operation is much stronger and quicker than what I had before and that is reeling 100 foot of hose . Not sure how long the battery charge will last , but so far so good . I would highly recommend this product .
 It 's a bit pricey . However I may get another one next year . This hose reel works great way better and faster than our Suncast water powered rewind hose reel . It is much easier to pull the hose out than our old Suncast water powered reel and it rewinds much faster . The Suncast company supplies two ground stakes with the reel to hold the reel box down so it does not tip over or move when pulling the hose out . The stakes really work . Charge time of the battery was short about 4 hours . Maybe , one battery charge will work all summer , we will see . I once had the hose jam up when the hose had came off the reel inside the housing . The problem was easily fixed . The storage compartment at the bottom is a neat idea it holds extra hose nozzles that we use . I would like to see a 150 foot capacity hose reel .
 I love my Suncast PW100 . This is my second one . I have one out front and one in the back yard . If you have a bad back this hose reel will surely save your back . You just pull out the hose , and when you are done you just put your foot on the pedal and in comes the hose . It does run on a battery . When the hose starts coming in slow , then it is time to recharge the battery . It does take quite a few hours to charge but it lasts a long time . I have had many different kind of hose reels in the past , but this one is my favorite . It hides the hose and it is easy to use .
 This is the second hose reel I purchased so now I have one on each side of my house . Very easy to use especially for us senior citizens who have trouble winding up a hose . Excellent product and worth the cost and it was cheaper than in the store .
 How I ever got along without this battery powered hose reel , I do n't know , but do n't try to take it away from me !!! It 's working and I do n't have to !! Dave
 This product does what it is made to do . If you use 5/8 hose it works like it was made to do.The best part is the automatic reel up GREAT I would buy another one `` NO Problems `` From the reviews I read the problems were people problems
 After reading the reviews , I reluctantly ordered this power hose reel . Initially I experienced the same impossible task of trying to unwind the hose.The problem was solved after charging the battery . I ran the reel empty of hose continuously for 30-40 minutes . This stretched and loosened the drive belt.I then recharged the battery , and the hose reel now works perfectly.I suggest not reeling the hose until you operate the reel for an extended time.Under the conditions I have given above , this power hose reel is highly recommended .
 This is the 2nd unit I 've purchased and the first one is still going strong after 4 years ! I got sick of hand winding the long hose in the back of the house and bought another last week . Several reviews indicated the hose was extremely difficult to unwind which I found to be true . A simple fix is to remove the 3 screws on the side panel door -LRB- next to the foot pedal -RRB- and open up it up . A careful inspection showed that the `` BACK '' of the drive belt tends to create to much friction on the winding wheel . When that happens it makes it very difficult to unwind the hose simply because the friction is causing the drive belt to try and turn the other wheels . It supposed to be free or not engaged when unwinding the hose . All you need to do is `` lubricate '' the `` BACK '' of the drive belt . After you do that it will turn very easy -LRB- the way it 's supposed to -RRB- and work great . It really is something the factory should be doing because it 's so easy and inexpensive to do . I would use any good silicone type lubricant which should last a long time . I believe with use the belt will become freer as it stretches out.One of the reviews said he ran the winder for about 30 mins non stop and it freed it up . I tried that first and unfortuantely it did n't work for mine , hence my solution ! Bottom line other than that it 's the best winder on the market IMO . I 've tried the water driven models and frankly they are lousy . Never had one work very long or well!I strongly recommend this unit to anyone wanting a relatively inexpensive electric unit that works great . It can hold a 100 ft of hose which is normally long enough to do most watering jobs . It takes 30 secs of `` hands free '' work to roll up the hose . You stay nice and clean and it makes for very neat storage . Be SURE to bring it in BEFORE the first freeze if you live in a cold climate . You DO NOT want to freeze the plastic connections with water in them ! It 's an excellent unit or I would not own 2 of them ...
 After owning one of these little marvels for nearly two years , I bought two more -- one for each outdoor spigot on my house . I used to be pretty lazy about leaving hoses sprawled around the yard but rewinding is so easy with one of these that I 'm not tempted to leave the hose out for the next use anymore.Several other reviewers have complained about pulling the hose out after it 's been reeled in and there is a knack to using this thing :1 . On first use , you may need to manually adjust the guide so it aligns exactly with where the hose is unrolling off the reel -LRB- just once per hose -RRB- .2 . After winding in the first time , unwind it straight out from the reel , fill with water and rewind .3 . Position the reel in a position where you can unreel the hose straight out . Pull what you need straight out and then haul it where you need it.With these simple steps , it works like a charm
 This really is a great product . It truly is the `` lazy '' man 's way to wind up your garden hose . It can handle hoses up to 150 feet in length . If I only had a little hose to wind up -LRB- say 25 or 50 feet -RRB- , it really would n't be neccesary to have the powerwind hose reel , but for those of you who have at least a 100 ft. hose , it really is tough to wind up your hose with those hand cranks . With the powerwind hose reel , all you do is step on the lever , & it winds it up for you . I use my hose quite frequently , & it definately helps out my back from having to bend & crank . I just purchased another one as a gift for my wife 's father . I know that he will truly enjoy it . I highly rate this product & definately recommend it to those interested in purchasing one .
 After reading the reviews and having two previous water powered units -LRB- both of which were no good -RRB- I decidedto try this one . In reading the reviews I was concerned that some thought that it pulled out hard , then I saw thedates of the reviews -LRB- some a year or two old -RRB- and decided that the company must have fixed this problem by now.Sure enough it reals out very easily ... I 'd recommend it to anyone ... works great ... Tom U. Silverton , Oregon
 We have used a PW100 for 2 years and it has worked flawlessly.I suspect that the reviewers that are having problems pulling the hose out are not following the directions when retracting the hose.The hose should be aligned with the level wind mechanism when it is installed on the reel.The hose should be stretched out in front of the unit while retracting . The weight of the hose will provide enough tension so that the hose spools evenly on the reel . If the hose is all kinked and loose when it is retracted it will not spool evenly and the snarls make it hard to pull the hose out next time.Our neighbors have bought their own units after seeing how well ours works .
 As was the case with many other reviewers , it was impossible to pull the hose out . I figured out that the drive belt that came with my hose reel was too small . Therefore , the drive motor never disengaged from the reel . I tried to stretch the old belt to be a little longer for weeks without success -LRB- good belt material ! -RRB- . I contacted Suncast a few months ago and they were working on a fix for the problem . I just got -LRB- for free -RRB- a replacement belt that is a tiny bit longer than the original - it is so close that it is hard to tell the difference . Do n't mix them up and accidentally put on the bad/short belt again ! Now the hose reel works perfectly ! It is easy to pull the hose out and it rewinds just fine . So - if you have the `` impossible to pull the hose out '' problem , just call Suncast for the new , longer belt . NOTE
 My wife is the gardener in the family . She likes this hose reel and uses it 2 -3 times a week .
 I replaced 2 units that were 6-8 years old , they served their purpose and then some . You will love this product . The only thing i can recommend , is that you make sure the water is not on when you go to wind up the hose , I always turn off the water and squeeze the nozzle for about 20 seconds then wind up the hose . Anyways , enjoy !
 I really like this , but only have one problem with it , its very hard to pull the hose out , not recomended for older people . Im not sure why its so hard to pull the hose out . My wife prefers not to use it . If the manufacture fixes this problem , then it would be a perfect product .
 My husband and son both love this hose reel . I put it together with no problem . A month out and it has n't needed a charge .
 This hose reel has helped me in more ways than one . First ... it neatly keeps the hose in place , second ... my feet do the work instead of my shoulder , elbow and hand . This is the second one that I have had and I love it . KFisher
 The Suncast PW-100 Powerwind uses a battery and a foot pedal to rewind up to 100ft . of hose . It 's great . The charge lasts all year . I 've had it 2 seasons and have recharged the battey once . So , this year I spoiled myself with a second one for the other side of the house . My husband and I are getting older and winding up a very heavy hose ... well , it did n't happen . We just left it in the yard and pulled it out of the way to mow . But now , we can keep it neat and tidy in seconds using this battery operated Garden Hose Reel . Get one . You 're going to love it.Kak from Deatsville
 This is the second suncast I have owned and I am just as happy the 2nd time as the first . Very dependable and very easy to use ... 5 stars . All this with an amazing Amazon price .
 The Suncast PW100 winds up your garden hose with the touch of a toe . Very easy to keep the hose out of the way . Only drawback is the price , if it were a little more affordable , I 'd have one at both the front and back of the house !
 We were a bit hesitant to order , based on the drive belt issues noted , but seeing most of the reviews were so old , we chanced it , hoping we 'd not have a problem with the drive belt . We had no trouble at all . However , getting the hose attached to the reel was another story . It was a real bear . Perhaps I 'm hose-coupling challenged , but I spent at least an hour to get it to go on straight , then I 'd stripped the threads on the plastic . I called the 800 number for manufacturer , and a helpful , friendly , and sympathetic rep was a pleasant surprise . I had a replacement part , free , in just a couple of days.I 'm ordering another unit for the front of the house . -LRB- I 'll be more careful threading this one ! -RRB-
 This powerwind garen hose reel is the real thing . No hands neeed , only one foot to depress the pedal . I really like the idea that no water is wasted like other self winding hose reels .
 Bought it for my wife since she had difficulty with hand-wind Suncast unit , which worked fine but the handle finally broke . This new powered version has collapsable handle and makes hose-rewind effortless .
 This is a great hose winder . I been using it for a couple of months now and it is still on it 's first charge . I have n't experienced problems unwinding the hose even from the first use . Perhaps the problem mentioned in previous reviews has been resolved . We used to leave the hose unwound a lot but mow we wind it up after each use . My whole family loves it .
 This unit was purchased to replace one of the units that I purchased eight years ago , and both saw a lot of use.The units are great and make it east to roll a hundred feet of hose with the foot pedal . I will purchase another one in a heartbeat when and if it fails . Great unit , god price , and suncast will stand behind their products .
 This our 2nd . hose reel . Bought the first at a garage sale and loved it . So , needed a second for the other side of the house . Love it , love it , love it !
 Have previously owned two water driven power hose reels which both failed from poor design ... one because of failed `` O '' rings -LRB- which a rebuild failed to correct -RRB- and one because flimsy plastic operating handle broke off -LRB- again , due to `` O '' ring seizure and failure -RRB- and was unrepairable -LRB- replacement part cost was prohibitive -RRB- . Took a chance on this product and so far the results are excellent . The battery appears to hold adequate charge for the season and the rewind motor strong enough to do the job . Very easy to operate even for the Mrs. Definitely quicker rewind and not prone to leakage like the water powered ones . Plastic mounting bolt bosses in the housing could be beefed up but , with a little creativity , a sturdy platform can be achieved . I mounted mine on cement slab adjacent to my garage -LRB- a 2 ' x 2 ' patio block would also suffice -RRB- using 3/8 '' expanding cement anchor bolts with multiple washers as shims -LRB- the supplied metal stakes for installation on dirt do not provide a viable mounting solution -RRB- . The patio block is heavy enough by itself to stabilze the winder during use , allows placement of winder virtually anywhere and is a cost effective solution the average DIY homeowner can install . Purchased from Amazon and would buy again and recommend .
 Because I 'm an elderly lady , with a shoulder problem , this hose reel has been a blessing ! I have beautiful roses , that need watering daily , and this has been a easy way for me to water them . Otherwise I could not handle the hose , the reel has been a bleesing for me .
 This cart works great.I have no trouble unreeling the hose as I read in some reviews . You just have to turn the switch on the hose guide and the hose then comes out freely . Turn the switch back when you are ready to rewind hose.This autowind sure saves on the arm and back . The old crank style I have will still be used but only occasionally now . This new cart is the one that will be used most often , as I love the automatic rewind.I would recommend this item to anyone.Marsha
 I received my hose reel three days after ordering , but because of work commitments I did n't get around to unpacking it until a week later . When I unpacked it I dutifully plugged in the battery and charged it for 24 hrs . Then I attempted to start it , it did n't start . I called customer service and they told me to check all the connections . Again , because of work I could n't take the time to do it right then . A week later I again charged the battery , checked all the connections and then attempted to start machine -- it still did n't work . I could n't fool around with it right then so put it aside until the next week . I checked the charge on battery and noticed it was uncharged , again . This time I figured it was the battery and called customer service again . The friendly rep told me it sounded like a problem with the battery and would send me another one -- though it might take 5 to 7 days to arrive . I told him I waited this long another 7 days would be no problem . It arrived in 3 days . I charged this battery up , put it in , and it ran perfectly . I attached the hose , pulled it straight and had the machine reel it in -- great ! I 've pulled the hose out and reeled it in several times now and have n't had a problem . Works great , and great customer service from the company . Highly recommend .
 I have a 75ft . 5/8 &#34; hose on it and it does n't have any trouble winding it up.The winding wheel for the hose is a little cheesy but not a problem yet .
 What 's not to like . Step on the foot pedal and the hose retracts . Have n't had to charge the battery yet .
 I purchased this going on my 3rd summer.Never gave it a reveiw until now just kept putting it off but I think its better to give it now because its going on 3 years old.Yes its great nothing has broken yet.Same battery same belt.I charge it 2 maybe 3 times a spring summer use.I bought because the wife was tired of manually turning the old one and it needed replaceing.Now that I have it dont know if I would ever go back to manual as we both get older rolling up 100 ft hose is a pain.It does have a manual handle incase the battery goes dead.I like to totally drain the battery before recharging.Manually rolling this thing is harder than a regular manual hose roll up , might be because of the drag on the motor but no biggie.I do store this in the shed during winter months take the battery out and bring inside the house.Definite buy Great product .
 Works fine , but if you are going to use a larger hose with this item , do n't do it !! It works great for a small , light hose , but anything other than that it will not pull it back in . Also , the battery is constantly going dead , so that becomes a hassel . Overall it works really well for a small hose and that is well described in the product description . Should be used in a small yard or garden .
 This product is extremely versatile . It can be operated with little or no physical effort for anyone due to the ease of the battery operated reeling system . Replacement parts are reasonable and available thru the Suncast company . They are very helpful in the Customer Service Dept.
 We are extremely happy with this -- no complaints at all . We used it about twice a week during the summer and never had to charge it after the original charge . I would recommend it to everyone .
 Used this for about three months without any problems . I did not have to do any monkeying around with it to make it work . Put it together along with a new 100 foot hose and I have not had any troubles as some of the other reviews claim . Just have to push all the way down on the peddle to engage the drive . The first inch of travel turns on the electric motor , the rest of the peddle travel tightens the belt to engage the drive . Still have not had to charge the battery since I gave it the orginal charge . Overall - very impressed . I will be replacing the other reels around the house with more of these .
 Reel was delivered expediously.Upon first use , reel retracted hose in very well , but pulling the hose out of the reel was almost impossible.I sent an e-mail query to Suncast that was never answered.I took the reel apart and found that the binding was caused by a bushing/bearing that was not seated properly.Worked fine after re-assembly .
 I have used this item for several years now . I also have one of the water driven hose reels . The PW100 is so much easier , less messy , I will never have a water driven reel again . I am in the process of ordering another PW100 to replace my water driven reel . Suncast , I thank you and my wife thanks you for making a great product that really works . I must mention that Suncasts service -LRB- needed one time -RRB- was fantastic .
 Mine works great . I saw alot of reviews complaining about how hard it is to un-reel and some saying the problem was resolved . Mine un-reels with no problems and reels back in great . After using a water powered unit I find this one to be far superior . The only complaint I have is that the 100 ' capacity is questionable . I use 75 ' of 5/8 hose and it works fine . I feel 100 ' is pushing the limit . I guess it depends on what quality of hose you use . Some hoses are thicker than others . Anyway , I 'm ordering another one today to extend the reach since I have a large yard . I 've only used it for 2 months but , it 's for sure better than my water powered reel which will soon find it 's demise in the scrap heap . Maybe I 'll set the old one out front with a `` FREE '' sign for someone else to deal with .
 I have owned water powered hose reels before and none compare to this one . I just got it and it works PERFECTLY . Now the test will be how long it last before I have a problem . Like everything you buy nothing last forever so the clock begins to tick the minute you buy it ... time will tell .
 This item has been a great edition to my back yard . The reel mechanism works flawlessly and I have not had to charge it yet and I have owned this item for about 2 months . I have seen other reviewers complain about the reel mechanism being too tight . I did no notice this until today actually . Previously the hose would effortless unwind . I looked into it and noticed that the hose was actually rubbing up against the housing on the right side of the reel . After using the hose and winding it back up it cleared the housing and the reel unwinds effortlessly again .
 I really like the hose reeler . It is a bit hard to pull the hose out , but if you straighten it out , for me it 's not a big deal . HOWEVER , I have been told not to deal with Suncast for any reason . The customer service is horrible . The charger does n't work . I tried and tried and tried to order a new one online -LRB- I will pay for the darn thing -RRB- and ca n't . I need a quality control # which is not on the box or owners manual as stated . I can not get ahold of anyone to help with this . Again , I 've tried and tried and tried . I was told to call Amazon since I ordered it via them . They sent an email to you and your reply to them was you do n't accept emails . NOW WHAT ? I will glady pay for the defective part and regard this as a lesson learned the hard way . BOO HISS ...
 Last year , I purchased two of the nice looking , trendy hose holders -LRB- they look like huge brass flower pots -RRB- but within one summer , my husband was fed up with winding our two extra long hoses manually . So , I asked him to look through the assortment of hose reels offered on Amazon to see if there might be something that would work easier for both of us . Well , I do n't know who invented the Suncast Powerwind Automatic Rewind Garden Hose Reel but I 'd like to give him a BIG hug !!! My husband is so happy that his problems with manually rewinding hoses are over . Thank you so much ... Suncast AND Amazon.com .
 Our battery powered hose reel worked flawlessly right out of the box . The only additional work required for our setup was the addition of two anchor bolts to hold the unit in place on our deck .
 Works great . No problems setting it up . Would recommend it to anyone . Battery working correctly so far . No problem pilling hose out as described in other reviews
 I have had the water motor powered units in the past with very short life , because the main driven gear breaks after a year 's use . This electric driven reel works better than the water powered ones because it has more consistent power to the reel and has a level wind for distribution of the hose on the reel . Like all of the Suncast products , they are of minimual mechanical strength . I do not have the hose pull out problem that has been written up on other reviews . The hose pulls out easy and I am using heavy duty hose . The level wind mechanism will not tolerate pulling the hose from the side of the unit ; it must be fed straight into the hose opening with a slight amount of pull back pressure to make the hose wind correctly on the reel . Battery is lasting for many rewinds , and after 6 weeks of use , I have not had to recharge the battery yet . Buy with the understanding that you will need to be careful with the light duty level wind mechanism .
 I wanted a neater way to store hoses and an easier way to handle them . I ordered two of these Powerwinds with misgivings . First because they are expensive . Second for fear they would not work as well as the descriptions claimed they would . Third because I feared they would be cheaply constructed . Fourth - I didnt want to return an object this size and too big for me to handle . My third fear was realized . They are fairly cheaply constructed . Not flimsy but not particularly beefy either . More later on condition . Its a pleasure to report that they work very well . My hoses are kept neat , hidden and the tap area of my gardens are tidier than before when hose spirals lay in muddy piles on the ground . It has been nearly six months and they are still on their first battery charge ! As long as I discharge the hose of water after turning off the tap - simply stepping on the rewind petal quickly returns my long hoses to their wound storage reel under each Powerwind 's seat . The Powerwinds would be useful in any garden but they are especially helpful to those with limited hand and arm strength or with back problems.The only issue I had was one of the two units was obviously a resale of a returned unit . The battery door was broken , the wires inside were loose and dragging , the battery appeared to be used and the unit 's anchor stakes were missing . Suncast replaced the battery door and the anchors but were not apologetic in tone and they sure didnt expedite the items to me . I feel strongly that used and returned goods should NEVER be received by an Amazon unless the custumer knows they are buying same and the price paid reflects the risk . The damaged unit seems to work as good as the prestine unit despite the appearance of a used battery.I would have little confidence these machines could handle a 100 foot hose but they do fine with 50 foot hoses.Bottom line is that I would buy them again because they work fine and save me time , energy , effort and frustration .
 Great product . Easy to use . Hose rewinds effortlessly and was easy to set up . As always , fast delivery from Amazon . Would highly recommend the Suncast PW100 Powerwind automatic rewind garden hose reel !
 This hose reel really works as promised ! I 've had Suncast 's water powered reel for three years and it work 's OK but this battery powered reel works faster and easier . It rolls up the hose evenly and quickly with just a push on the switch pedal . The rechargeable battery has kept rolling up the hose 4 or 5 times a week now for about a month so far on the first battery charge . Great product and I 'd buy it again !
 Worked perfectly out of the box ! We 're using a 100 ' medium duty hose . No problems winding or unwinding . You do need to take your time attaching the hose to the reel to make sure you do n't cross-thread it . We also needed to stake it down since ours sets on river rock and things slide around pretty easily . We 'll probably buy another one for the back yard . Highly recommended .
 This is my second one . I liked the first one I had so much that when she finally conked out I was quickly on the hunt for another one.I have a pretty good sized yard and I use a good heavy duty 50ft hose for it . When I pull the hose all the way out , the Suncast PW100 Powerwind zips it right back in -LRB- just be sure to turn off the water and let the water out first -RRB- . I did not turn off the waterand drain the hose with my first unit and this may have shortened its life ; ultimately the battery would no longer take a charge so I decided to get a new unit rather than just going for a new battery . I am an older citizen and this baby really saves my back . As I said `` I LOVE THIS UNIT '' and if I live long enough to wear this one out , I will surely get another -LRB- the first one lasted about 10 years .
 Suncast PW100 Powerwind 100-Foot Capacity Automatic Rewind Garden Hose ReelSo far we appreciate the ease in handling & the 100 ft. hose Capacity . The automatic rewind is a `` back '' saver !! Thank you Suncast .
 This is the second one I 've owned in 10 years . The first one I used with a heavy gauge hose and it still lasted 6 years . I did n't replace it right away and regretted it . I love this product . Battery lasts for a long time between charges -LRB- months -RRB- .
 Works fine . The only thing that you have to do is make sure that the leveler is lined up properly . I use a heavy 100 ' hose and the unit works fine . The battery has to be recharged about once a month . I use the winder two or three times a week .
 This powered hose reel has worked well since I purchased it . I have had no problem pulling out my hose and rewinding has worked well . I have not experienced any belt problems . However , I have had difficulty attaching my hose to the fragile plastic outpipe on the reel . While there is a warning to be careful in attaching the hose , I recently had to replace a garden hose and I could not get the new one on straight in spite of the utmost care in screwing it on . There is some minor damage to the outpipe which seems to be the problem . Suncast is sending a free replacement but I have devised my own simple solution
 I have to admit after reading the reviews about the hose not pulling out easily I was a little worried . I also have never written a review before , nor did I think I ever would , and I do n't know what the problem was in the earlier reviews but the company must have fixed it . You can pull 100 feet of hose out with two fingers . As far as retrieval goes move the lawn furniture because it will drag it back with the hose . Plenty of power . I have only had it for two months but so far it has not even come close to needing a recharge .
 We have had absolutely no problems with this hose reel , either in setting it up or in using it . I highly recommend it for anyone who has physical challenges because half the work of hauling hose is eliminated . Now if someone will please invent a reel that dispenses hose automatically and carries it out to where I want to use it ...
 With only the touch of your foot the hose reels up into it . This is a great back saver ! We liked it soooo much we bought another one for our son .
 I purchased this for my 85 yearold father who has trouble rolloing up the 100 ft of rubber hose since he got this it has become little or no effort and I am considerering on for myself to save my back
 This hose reel makes gardening a breeze . I used to dread my daily watering because of fighting with the hose , pulling it out , getting all the kinks out , then expending a great deal of energy reeling the hose back in . With this product , all it takes is putting your foot on a pedal to reel it back in . You do not even have to guide it in , it reels it in uniformly . It does take some power to pull the hose out initially , but that is its only downfall . I love my new hose reel and will probably buy another for the back of the house !
 It looks good , and does not take up a lot of room . It 's convenient to hold patio cushions and gardening supplies , and is extra seating .
 We got this storage bench to keep sports equipment in at our motel . We have set it up near our volleyball net and it holds the volleyballs , badmitten rackets and shuttlecocks , frisbees and yard darts . It keeps everything out of the weather and seems to work very well .
 This comes in a sizable box . Do n't need any tools to put it together ... just follow
 great product but poor packaging . Parts rub together causing damage to one.Manufacturer had to replace the seat . Good Quality . Good delivery
 This product was true to it 's description . Easy to assemble and durable . Love the storage space . We have told our friends all about it .
 Went together as expected , easy snap-together assembly . Product is stout enough but I do n't agree with another review where a 300-pounder says it was solid as a rock - it gives a little when you sit down , and I would be nervous if a 300-lb guest sat down in the middle . We 've had one good rain it apparently did n't leak - no signs of moisture . We enjoy having our pool supplies hidden in the storage area - it is tall enough to accommodate all but the very tallest chlorine pails -LRB- storage is just under 17 '' tall inside -RRB- . Attractive addition to the pool area and fairly priced .
 I had forgotten this was a long ago Amazon purchase ... one of my very first . I ordered this bench and it came within days . Required a little hammer work to get it in shape as I recall . Have used it ever since on my dusty Arizona patio . I am always amazed at how clean things are when I open the bench to get cushions etc out . And storage space is plentiful . I have 8 cushions , a blower , cords and things to kill weeds and feed plants all in there.No spiders or little guys hang in there , though I do have a person spray every other month . It has probably faded , but my eye ca n't tell it or notice unless it was next to a new one . It has not a single crack . It was a good buy . Have had it 4 years . Quite the deal in this day and time . Will probably still be here when I fall over .
 When we were unable to find what we wanted here on the central coast of California we went on line and found exactly what we were looking for on Amazon.com . We wanted a bench for our front entryway which not only looked nice but had a storage area in the bottom where packages could be left . This fills our needs nicely . The bench arrived in a timely manner and was easy to assemble .
 As far as longevity , I bought this Suncast bench about 6 years ago , but not through Amazon . It has been outdoors on my deck the whole time and has stood up well . It has n't leaked inside even with big storms - I do keep some storage weight in it so it does n't move in the high wind . As others have said , it is a little flimsy with two people sitting on it , so it is n't used a lot for seating . I think it has held up well and would recommend this for outdoor storage and occasional seating .
 VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PATIO BENCH ALSO . NO INSTRUCTIONS CAME WITH IT BUT IT WAS A SNAP TO PUT TOGETHER . ONLY TOOK ABOUT 10 TO 15 MINUETS . IT 'S GREAT FOR STORAGE & NICE TO SIT ON WITH MY HUSBAND WHEN WE 'RE OUTSIDE ON THE PATIO . SHIPPING AGAIN WAS VERY FAST @ NOT AN OUTRAGEOUS AMOUNT . BOUGHT THIS ALSO FOR STORAGE OF THE STUFF MY HUSBAND CA N'T FIT INTO THE GARAGE & I DID NOT WANT TO LOOK AT .
 This bench works very well for storage for our preschool toys . It also looks nice .
 Gets the job done . Was not too difficult to assemble . The seat does not sit flush , but just to use for a seat and store some outdoor types of things , it serves its purpose .
 I actually got this for my 10 year old 's room . it makes a great little storage bin -LRB- it holds quite a lot of stuffed animals -RRB- without the babyish toy box look . its probably about right for kids and teens , but i do n't think i 'd use it as seating for medium sized adults.i plan to make a custom cushion out of foam-by-the-yard i 'll buy at a craft store and i can pick a fabric to make a cover for it to match the room.it does exactly what i wanted it to do , so i 'm happy with it . the price is a little much , so i give it 4 stars because of that.bottom line is that it is better and nicer looking than a bunch of plastic storage totes .
 Product arrived in superb condition and got here 2 weeks before I thought that it would . What a smooth transaction !!!
 This is great not only for seating , but for storage as well . We have on our patio , its durable for all weather its still outside .
 nice for near the pool to keep kids toys in and have for a place to sit nice strong easy to put together
 Very nice looking , has plenty of storage space , is comfortable to set on , and seems to be real sturdy . I highly recommend this product
 I have had the bench for a year and am very please with it . It holds a good deal of my gardening tools accessories . I recommend it highly .
 Great storage bench . Get lots of compliments -- not gorgeous , but not hideous , either.Bench holds a LOT -- multiple boogie boards , balls , beach/pool toys galore.Only negative is that water/rain seems to get in , but has no way of escape . I may drill a few holes into the bottom/sides to help keep our things dry ...
 I 've had this bench now for 6 months . It 's in great shape even though we 've left it outside the entire time without a cover .
 box looked very banged up however all the parts were there and no damage it snaps together quickly and easily looks good
 This patio bench went together in less than 15 minutes . I remind the buyer to follow the directions precisely and in proper order . The neutral color and the design goes nicely with the furniture on my deck and provides another place where people can sit . I am using the bench to store my leaf blower , electric chords , table clothes for my picnic table and a few other items . There is plenty of room and yet , the bench does not seem to take up much space at all .
 This bench is a good value , I ordered two and the assembly was easy and streight forward took about 5 min each and the benches are sturdy .
 I had read some reviews of this bench , and when it arrived , i was a little skeptical . I am using it to store the cushions from my new patio furniture . We recently had torrential downpors - 9 '' worth , and i fully expected the cushions to be at least damp - Thet were dry as a b0ne !! it 's worth every penny , and you can sit on it too !
 This is a great bench . It stores my kid 's outdoor toys and other outdooritems , it is pretty roomy . It is attractive and goes well with our house . It also doubles in providing outdoor seating . It is a wonderful product !
 I needed outdoor storage , the extra seating is also a bonus , that would keep things relatively dry in the rain . This bench does that and its cute . What you see is what you get .
 This is a perfect , easy to assemble , durable storage patio seating bench for your patio cushions or pool and patio supplies . It takes well to the heat and severe sun.It is washable and seats 2 adults very comfortably . I ordered a seat cushion elsewhere to spiff it up a bit .
 We were looking for a functional , yet eye appealing , storage `` box '' to fit on our porch for recycleables and this product more than filled the bill . It not only fit in the desired space , but provided extra seating and `` drawing '' space for our grandchildren . Assembly was easy and found a few taps with a small rubber mallet helpful . Thanks Suncast and Amazon!Suncast PB6700 Patio Bench
 Easy assembly . Requires no tools , but you may want to have a blade screwdriver and/or a rubber mallet to simplify the parts fitting together . Provides seating for two people and storage for all the chair cushions and other patio equipment . If assembled properly is sturdy enough for heavy persons . Storage compartment appears to be rain proof .
 snaps together easily ... . size fit our desired location perfectly . Base dims are approx 2 '' smaller than dims listed as the back is flaired width wise exactly as we 'd hoped .
 WE ARE VERY HAPPY WITH OUR NEW PATIO BENCH & WILL COME IN HANDY FOR ALL THE KID 'S POOL TOYS AND MISC YARD ITEMS WHILE GIVEING ME A PLACE TO REST . ha !
 This bench was easy to put together , and looks good . Just the right size for storage of garden tools , or cushions .
 This was a great solution for storing all those sprays for the flowers and have them handy to use . It was very easy to put together . It also is a bench ... this is a great product . Very happy .
 Nice product . Looks great and seems to be a good quality item . It was exactly what I was looking for .
 This bench is more sturdy than I thought after reading reviews . Hubby weights 250lb and it holds him . Does not fit tightly . Not weather proof . Good for under covered porches or patios . Easy to put together .
 This dandy should be available year-round ; it does everything it 's advertised to do , plus looks Great and is comfy to sit on , too ! Easy to assemble -LRB- no tools needed -RRB- . Would be neat if it were available in many other solid colors , but the cream color is nice and neutral . Its totally waterproof , as promised ! It 's unavailable now , but I would seriously consider buying another when it is again available ! Cattle dogamine also likes to sit on it !
 ROOMY STORAGE SPACE THAT KEEPS CONTENTS DRY EVEN IN A HARD BLOWING RAIN . IT ASSEMBLED EASILY WITH NO TOOLS AND TOOK LESS THAN 10 MINUTES . THE INSTRUCTIONS WERE EASY TO FOLLOW .
 This bench/storage unit was exactly as shown and exactly what I was looking for . Looked all over in local retail stores and did not see anything like this unit . It 's sturdy enough to hold two adults and the roominess of the storage was more than I expected -LRB- it replaced an older unit I had with less space -RRB- . Only one problem was putting the unit together . I had difficulty with fitting a couple of pieces but when they all went together ... it was a grand thing to see on my patio .
 This Suncast bench was easy to assemble , sturdy and looks good on our porch . Nice hideaway for Summer outdoor stuff , plus a little extra seating . The price , of course , is always right through Amazon .
 This bench has come in handy for storing my deck items ! I live in a condo and do n't have a lot of storage space , so being able to store items outside and protect them from the elements is great ! Plus having it serve as additional seating is really good ! Would definitely recommend . Setup was very easy , no tools needed , it all snaps together !
 THis product just comes in pieces that you snap together . It is pretty flimsy until it is put together . It has n't rained since we got it to put it to the real test of keeping things dry . But I do n't have anything that has to stay dry in it .
 This took about 10 minutes to snap together . It is sturdier than it looks . It has kept eveything inside completely dry through a very rainy month and has given us additional seating on our patio .
 First let me say it was shipped to my home very fast I use it in my front court yard and everyone comments on it . I would recommed this patio bench for any one .
 1 . Came 3 days early , I was so impressed .2 . Packaging is good , no damage or scratch .3 . I assembled it alone without tools , it took me only 30 minutes to finish it -LRB- because I was watching TV at the same time -RRB- .4 . Sturdy enoght that my husband -LRB- 220 lbs -RRB- and I -LRB- 115 lbs -RRB- both sitting on it .5 . Good also indoor , but we will place it at the backyard overlooking the lake .6 . Overall , I am satisfied and maybe I will buy another one . I recommend this product based on good experience with it .
 This arrived the other evening and i told husband to put it in garage of course being the good listener he is he put it in the back yard with the dogs . So when i got up this morning i discovered my lovely dogs had opened the box and took out the pieces for me PLUS ate the assembly directions : S So i grabbed it all up and even without directions was able to easily assemble it in less than 10 min . Its very sturdy and the storage area is larger than i expected . We sat on it and it easily held 300lbs without feeling like it was unsturdy . We are very happy with this product .
 I purchased these for our patio to store the grand kids toys and items out of the weather . My husband was able to assemble both pieces , as we bought the matching chair , without any tools and in less than 15 minutes each . Everything fit in the seat nicely with room to spare . We had a significant amount of rain the following week , and everything stayed dry in the storage parts . Overall very pleased with both the chair and bench .
 The bench arrived quickly . The assembly was not difficult or time-consuming . We are very pleased with the bench and we are considering purchasing another as a gift for our daughter 's family .
 This bench met my expectations . I put some of my important things that I need for my yard work in it . I have made it really look nice by putting a long pillow on it for the grandkids to sit down and enjoy.I hope it last through the winter . It seems sturdy enough.It was very easy to essemble .
 This is an excelant product . The assembly was very easy and instructions were good . My second Suncast product.Highly recomenned .
 I wanted to wait a few weeks before I rated this storage bench . Well , I waited and I am -LRB- so far -RRB- very pleased with it . It was very easy to assemble -LRB- I did it by myself in about 10 minutes -RRB- . Several of my family members weigh over 200 lbs and it held up fine when they sat on it . I have noticed a bit of moisture seeps in when it rains but I did not buy it for anything that should not get wet . I have not seen a lot of water get inside yet.I bought this bench to hold my chair cushions when I am not using them and it holds the four back sections of my chair cushions . It is also a nice looking bench . I will be taking it inside during the winter months as a seat for my rear entry and to store mittens , etc. .
 Easy to assemble , durable . I have no complaints . It hides all the pool toys and looks great ! Worth every penny .
 We could n't decide about what to use for storage on our dock . Then we saw this item in a local store and loved the idea of having both storage and a nice bench to sit on . It is plenty of room for 2 people and the dog to sit , and has lots of storage space under the seat . Amazon had the right price , as usual and the benefit of having it delivered to our door with free shipping . This would be perfect for any deck or patio as well .
 I bought this for my covered porch . Sit down and take my boots off and put them inside the bench before I go into the house . We keep shoes , gloves , and yard tools inside out of the way . Affordably priced and very simple to put together . Sturdier than I thought it would be . Better than a wooden bench that would warp in all types of weather . Great product for the money .
 This item made a lovely addition to our patio . It has lots of storage space and was easy to assemble . My neighbors already asked where to purchase their own !
 Very nice product but smaller than I thought it would be . Wish write up had dimensions as I was unsure of size . Would have liked it to be bigger .
 Very easy to put together.One of the best prices around and free shipping .
 It went together nicely . I have n't put outside yet . Just enjoy looking at it.I have a larger outdoor garden bench in which I have stored my yard chairs cushions in it for the winter .
 Not a bad product , quite sturdy for being made of plastic and all the pieces simply snapping together . DO N'T ASSEMBLE IT IF THE PIECES ARE COLD , I shattered two pieces trying after the shipping box was in single digit weather overnight . Let it warm up first!Grinny from MN
 Not much to say about this storage bench . It looks as good as the pictures show , and assembles in around 5 minutes from about 8 large pieces . No tools required or complicated rubik 's cube type antics when putting it together . Strong too - I noted another reviewer listed himself at 190lbs and unsure about sitting on it . I 'm a gigantic fella and weigh ~ 360lbs and have no such worries . As long as you 've put it together properly it should take two normal-sized people without problem . Ca n't go wrong with this one .
 The bench is easy to assemble , and lid actuallydoes work well . It is not an item that will lastforever , but it is priced fairly for what it is -- a storagebench .
 I am mostly pleased with the Patio Bench . I found it to be as advertised * . It was well made , easy to assemble -LRB- snapped together in about two minutes -RRB- and provided excellent storage capability . The seat/cover supported both me and my wife very well . However I would rccommend steering your heavier guests to other seating as the front panel tends to `` bow-out '' under more weight in the center . I would recommend this product for use on a covered deck/patio . * Since the product is advertised as a `` Patio Bench '' , I can understand why there was no mention of the fact that the seat/cover will warp if exposed to direct sunlight . It does however , regain it 's original shape once out of the Sun 's direct rays .
 I purchased this for my deck . I needed a place to store the seat cushions and bench cushion when not in use . This bench is awesome . It is waterproof and has a good amount of storage space . Easily assembled with out any tools . Great extra seating for outdoor parties .
 For several years , we 've had this item as a covered entryway bench in which to store baby strollers , yard stuff , toys , shoes , etc. -LRB- and on which to pass a few minutes here and there waiting for the wife to get ready to leave the house -RRB- . It 's been excellent for these stated purposes , especially given its price . However , if it were exposed directly to the elements or rough handling it would probably not last more than a year or two . I do n't think that a `` patio bench '' is a good description because it should only belong on a covered patio or perhaps be sheltered appropriately under an arbor .
 This storage bench is great for storing pool items or anything you keep outside . It was easy to put together and I got it on the Friday sale for $ 69.99 , so the price was awesome ! All other benches like this that I researched were over $ 100.00
 This bench looks great on my new patio by the pool ! Fits a good amt of pool toys keeping themout of sight , three young children can fit on bench . -LRB- 2 adults comfortably -RRB- Love the clean lines and dual purpose , so easy to clean also . Color is as pictured on website . Exact match to my suncast hose hideaway.Never had a problem with Amazon , been ordering with them for many yrs .
 The price was right , The bench was larger than I expected which was a nice thing . It went together easily and works great . The company does not list measurements on the Amazon web site and I think they would sell more of them through Amazon if they did .
 This larger storage box needed a bit more directional assembly drawings !! after a few attempts and one miffed husband , we ignored the directions and just used good old yankee ingenuity and logical thinking to snap this together . Well worth the effort !
 We decided on this bench/storage unit combo after deciding against just a standard bin . It was easy to assemble - just snap the pieces together - and I was finished in about 15-20 minutes . I had enough storage to fit my needs , and in recent rain , everything has remained dry.I deducted one star because I felt this was a little over-priced . I believe I paid $ 90 , and $ 50 would have been a good price in my opinion . But it was in line with the competition , so I ca n't knock it too much .
 Very good quality for the price . It holds a surprisingly large amount of stuff . We keep pool toys in it and the bench is holding up nicely . The directions were a bit hard to read when putting it together , but the actual process for putting together is fairly simple .
 Finally the back yard is n't cluttered with toys each night . We have packed it full of all different kinds of toys . It doubles nicely to sit on and fold laundry and have space to stack the folded clothes and watch the kids playing with their toys . The kids sit on it to blow bubbles and leaves room for the bubbles to sit on a flat level surface next to them . The bench does n't always close properly but if you push in on the front lower panel it then does close easily . You can `` dress it '' up with outdoor cushion/pillows when guests are visiting .
 This bench is exactly what I needed . Its great for storage and extra seating , just add a comfy cushion . Even my dog enjoys taking a nap on it !! Appreciated the prompt ship .
 Great product , very sturdy . Myself and another person both sit on it without any problems of it caving in . I did n't expect the amount of storage space , it is amazing . I highly recommend this product .
 I WAS PLEASANTLY SURPRISED HOW FAST I RECIEVED THIS BENCH IN THE MAIL . ONLY 6 DAYS ! VERY EASY TO PUT TOGETHER , NO TOOLS NEEDED.LOTS OF STORAGE SPACE WHICH HAS PROVEN TO STAY DRY EVEN IN THE RAIN . IT IS STRONG AND NICE LOOKING . THE OLNY THING I WISH IT HAD IS A LATCH TO HOLD THE TOP OPEN WHEN YOU ARE GETTING YOUR SUPPLIES OUT .
 It does what it 's supposed to do . It solved my pool side storage problems and gave me seating too.They are sturdy too . Me and another 200 pounder sat on it and itheld up just fine . Thats 400 lbs ! I just wish there were more colors
 I wanted to organize things I need or use on my patio and decided to give this storage bench a try . It was reasonably priced , easy to assemble , perfectly stores my various bbq/spa supplies and provides some additional seating as well . No , I would not try seating 3 adults on the bench but it 's a perfect place for the kids to sit . I have used other Suncast products over the years -LRB- hose reel , etc. -RRB- and they have held up well . I anticipate getting years of service out of this item as well . I purchased through Amazon and it was delivered quickly .
 I 've tried several different gadgets for making freestyle Christmas tree bows , but found this one to be the most accurate and consistent for size of finished product . Finding the replacement ties a little tricky , since the item was not at the local Michael 's or other craft stores . I found them at -LSB- ... -RSB- special order . The overall product design is good , but should have been made a bit sturdier . Looks like it is a bit delicate .
 i was leary about buying this saw because i read a review by a guy who said this saw was a piece of crap . i went ahead and bought it anyway , and im glad i did . the saw runs like a top , and would love nothing more than to eat trees all day long . while it doesnt have as much power as the more expensive huskies , it has plenty for the size bar that it comes with . if your looking for a hungry reliable saw that is borderline professional , this is an easy choice .
 I cut about 4 cords of wood a year and this little saw is fantastic for the smaller stuff . It 's been working well for 2 years.I look for bang for the buck in the products I buy and try and squeeze value everywhere I can . There are more serviceable saws out there but they come at a higher price tag . For the limited amount of work that I have to get done each year to cut my firewood this saw does the job well.Proper chain tension is very important with this saw , especially with the delicate narrow gauge chain . Keep an eye on the tension and the chain will last a long time.Replacement saw chains for this saw do not seem to be stocked at the big box stores . Also the chain gauge is different on the newer saws . Some saws have a .043 vs .050 gauge chain . So be sure to match the gauge even if the packaging indicates that the chain is for your model saw .
 I bought this saw at Lowes and have been cutting lots of big and small trees with it . My neighbour has a 16 '' Stihl , so we compared when we cut wood together . The saw is extremely light weight , which is very useful when cutting down thin invasive trees close to the ground . I used it in the winter time , too , and it starts without problems . I have 3feet thick trees to cut so I bought a 28 inch after market blade and chain at baileys-online and it works !! The only thing is one has to be careful with overheating but usually my back aches before the saw gets too hot .
 this replacement belt fit perfect , did not slip and stopped the blades from spinning when deck turned off.I would buy this again .
 I was worried that this belt was not a `` genuine '' John Deere belt . I installed the belt and it worked perfectly at one third the price of buying this belt from a local John Deere dealer .
 Fit perfect , seems much better than the other John Deere brand belt I bought 6 years ago . Shipped fast and I would do business with this seller again .
 This product is so perfect that it has become unavailable . If there was any problem with it , it might have been the hanger slipping up and off . A problem i solved with one foot of duct tape . I have been using my feeders with the same duct tape and bottles for several years . They work with or without the little yellow flowers . They simply WORK . I wold buy a dozen if they became available .
 I 've owned this saw for over a year now and it is the main workhorse here on the farm . Love the button that releases pressure to help it start . Cranks on no more then 3 pulls and has done all I have asked of it . I use gas preservative and only Husky oil to mix with the gas and have no problems with this saw or my smaller Husky . Highly recommend this saw !!!
 This is the best chainsaw , and one of the best tools overall , that I have EVER owned !!! For it 's medium size , it produces great power but is light enough to use all day and not wear the user out . I chose it over the comparable Stihl model because it had superior balance and lighter weight . Highly recommended !!!
 I put this little bench in my front garden with an angel statue sitting on it ... It is a memorial to my Twin Granddaughters who went to heaven last month ... I will put an engraved plate with their names and dates on seat ... so precious . . ez to put together and looks so nice ! Best price I found on net shoppingund on net !
 Vyco is simply the best . The material is perfect for just about any use and you will not be disappointed . I purchased it to use on top of my glass desk and the quality of this product is top-notch . Its very easy to cut to your specifications and to apply , just get some double-sided tape and your done . Its just that easy and I highly recommend this product.By the way , this sheet comes with some instructions to prep it before cutting and just follow them and you will not have any issues . Basically , you just have to lay it flat for 24 hours.EDIT TO MY REVIEW
 Bought it to convert bulk tank to hose that I connect to my BBQ . I use it and then store and have not had any problems .
 of course i havent used it or took it out of the pack but i think it will do the job the 100 dollar rig does at a super savings .
 This is by far the best birdfeeder I 've ever owned or heard of . I have had one for years , and it is still going strong . Its ingenious design makes it completely weatherproof . The parts are threaded one above another on a central shaft making it a cinch to completely disassemble it for cleaning -LRB- which I never get around to doing -RRB- . The seeds can be plucked one by one by the birds through a narrow gap around the body while they stand on the bottom shelf which is shielded from the rain by another wide tent-like plastic dish.Use only black oil sunflower seed . Regular sunflower seeds are too big to go through the gap . Most birds like black oil seed best anyway . Because the feeding gap stretches all around the outside of the seed container , many birds can eat at the same time . We have little birds like sparrows and finches at the same time as bigger birds like cardinals and bluejays.Refilling the huge 6-cup -LRB- 1-1/2 quart -RRB- bin is a cinch
 Being 74 years old , I have purchased many birdfeeders in my time . The `` All Weather Feeder '' is the best one yet ! I bought the 4 quart one , so I do n't have to re-fill often . The top part unscrews and it is so easy to fill . The seeds stay dry through rain and snow . It is attractive looking and very durable , too . If you live in a windy area , -LRB- it was suggested to me -RRB- to use a swivel hook when hanging it in a tree , etc. . Also make sure the top ring is screwed down tight . It is a little pricy , but it 's well worth it when you start adding up the cost of the moldy seeds you throw away from your other feeders .
 Because of the design the seed stays dry even when the rain or sprinklers are coming at it horizontally . The only way the seed can get wet is to spray from beneath it or if is very foggy , but because the seed is eaten from the bottom , any seed that may get damp gets eaten 1st so less chance of mold . Also since the seed portal is at the bottom , just as many birds can feed when the seed gets low , so goes longer between refills.Very sturdy , hangs or and has OPTIONAL pole adapter -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- so it can be pole mounted . Mine is pole mounted with a squirrel baffle so not sure what damage a squirrel can do if the OPTIONAL squirrel cage is not purchased . Took the mourning doves a while to figure out they can sit on the tray and eat , birds much larger than them might find it difficult to eat since there is not much space between the tray and feeder portal rim . Seen finches , chickadees , titmouse , doves , warbler , juncos , etc. feed off this.Replacement parts available and order form is on back of paper sleeve that is around the large seed cylinder . So if a part is lost or damaged you can another one . Not a cheap feeder but may pay for itself with the fact no moldy seed .
 I purchased this feeder a year ago because I was tired of the seed molding in my feeder and becoming smelly and nasty and a potential health issue for the birds . The sprinkler system was the culprit . I am glad I spent the extra money for the feeder . It has survived about 10 crashes to the stone area below the feeder due to the racoons trying their best to knock it off and crack it open . They have chewed it everywhere they can and it is still in good condition . It has character . I am now ordering the squirrel cage to see if that deters any of my pesty non-bird feeding friends . Its a really durable feeder and if the racoons and squirrels do n't empty it - I imagine it stays filled for a long time . I give it 5 stars . In my yard if it survives a year that is saying something . Quality .
 My experience at first was negative . . birds could not figure this thing out.I finally put some plastic wall screw anchors -LRB- the plastic u put in walls after you drill a hole -RRB- into the space to create a little more space for the birds to peck and get at the sunflower seeds . After I did this the birds use this feeder as their number one place to feed . My wife loves the fact that you can see the birds on all sides of the feeder at the same time . Birds took a while to figure out . . but once they do . . this will be your favorite feeder . I got the 6 quart model ... and am glad I did ... dont have to fill too often .
 I love this feeder ; I must , since I 've paid quite a bit to replace parts of it that have been destroyed by the raccoons that used to constantly knock it down . The problem is that even with the star lock washer in place on top , the hanger on top of the feeder -LRB- which screws on -RRB- comes unscrewed rather easily -- and it did n't take the raccoons long to figure that out . Anyway , I used rubber cement to glue the star lock washer in place , and I let it spread and build up a little around the washer . The hanger is now somewhat resistant to unscrewing , which is exactly what I wanted . And , if the buggers do knock it done again , at least the star lock washer wo n't disappear into the undergrowth ! By the way , the feeder has held up incredibly well through several falls of up to 20 feet .
 This feeder totally lived up to my expections . Its been through several strong thunderstorms and the seed stayed dry and none was blown out . With my old feeder , the seed would get wet and caked together and I would have to throw the seed away . Also , strong winds would blow the seed out of the feeder , but with this one wind does not affect the seed.As far as birds learning how to use the feeder , I had no problems . I replaced my old feeder with this one , so the birds already knew they could get food at the feeders location . I sprinkled some seed on the bottom tray , but I had the squirrel guard in place . Birds would fly around the feeder but not land . After several hours of this , I removed the squirrel guard . Birds immediately started landing on the feeder and getting seeds . I left the squirrel guard off for a couple of days and then put it on . The birds ignored the guard and kept coming . I now get more birds than I ever had with the old feeder . I think one reason is that the birds have an unobstructed 360 degree view when they are on the feeder , and they feel more secure.The 6 quart size is nice because it does n't need refilling nearly as often as other feeders .
 This is really the best bird feeder I have ever seen ! The seed stays perfectly dry ! No mold ! No waste ! Wonderful ! Extremely sturdy!Only caveat
 Very sturdy and easy to assemble/disassemble . Definitely need to use a swivel hook to hang this , though ! Excited to use it , I hung mine in the wind & within an hour , it unscrewed itself , came apart , & went crashing to the ground . Had it hung from a 2nd story deck , & it did n't break , though . Have a swivel hook now ... no more problems . Ca n't say whether birds can figure out how to use it easily or not yet . Mine 's only been up a few days .
 This works great when bathing a horse because it acts like a scraper as well and sheds the dirt out with the water .
 Love these , I now buy them for gifts . Different and pretty , Adds a nice touch to your garden
 Easy to install . Has lasted several seasons now with no sign of deterioration . Hose is very plyable . No problems what so ever .
 Everybody who uses a portable grill on a regular basis needs this product not only are you not changing bottles frequently but a 20lb tank lasts for many cooking times , but most important after the purchase of the 20lb tank it 's a money saver since it cost about half the price to fill the tank rather then buying 20 - 1lb . bottles and who does , nt want to save money .
 The model of our Coleman Road Trip propane grill allow it to be connected via a coupling hose directly to the quick-release fitting on our motor home LP tank . The information provided in the online advertisement enabled me to order this with comfort that it was exactly what was needed . It works perfectly , and is made quite well . Good value for the money .
 It works . Need I say more?Okay , it works well . Nothing 's blown up to date.Hopefully I 'll check in later with an update .
 Why did it take so long for this type of thing to come on the market ? It 's so nice -LRB- and environmentally friendly -RRB- not to have to worry about all of those little cans of propane . We just came back from a week-long camping trip and it was the most useful piece of new equipment we bought .
 I looked and looked for propane hose adaptor for my coleman grill . Everywhere I looked thr price was outrageous . So I decided to try -LSB- ... -RSB- . I found exacty what I was looking for , it works perfectly and the price was very reanoable . Thank you very much !!!!
 Works great with the large propane tanks . Allows you to grill longer without changing tanks .
 I got tired of using those small propane bottles for my Weber Go-Anywhere gas grill . They were expensive and did n't last as long . I had spare 20lb propane tanks that were just lying around so I bought this adapter . The fit and quality is really good and it just cost a dollar or two more than the Charbroil version . I 'm a sucker for things made in the USA so this was an obvious choice . The one from Charbroil was cheap feeling , particularly the plastic knob .
 Enough said . This item works great between a 20 pound tank and the little space heater I bought that is supposed to run off 1 pound bottles . The only thing that would make this easier is a quicker disconnect at the heater .
 Does a great 8 ' job of hooking up my Coleman to a 20 lb tank . Opted for this one as I wanted the few extra feet over the 5 ' hose available at my local store . Looks solid , works .
 I ordered the Century 8-Foot Hose with Type 1 Coupling to connect a small grill to my big tank because you use up the little ones to darn fast . I got the hose and hooked it up . Did exactly what I wanted , we grilled all summer . Great item
 We had searched many sites to find the fittings that this hose has . What was so good is that the picture on-line actually showed the fittings & was big enough to see them ! It works great on our camper with our Weber grill ... thanks for a product that works , really good .
 This product makes it so I can use a big tank instead of buying lots of little propane tanks , thus saving money in the long run .
 Makes it an ease to screw on and safe , should you forget to close the valve to the gas tank !
 I bought this so I would n't have to keep buying the throw away 1lb propane containers . I use this with my 5lb refillable propane tank which gives me hours upon hours of burn time . It will of course work with 20lb propane containers but those are just too heavy and bulky for a long weekend trip . Go for it .
 Fit the bill perfectly!Highly recommended to replace the small quart bottles whenever possible . Since my stove is in a more &#8220; permanent &#8221; setup , I could not have asked for better . The quick release style is much easier on the hands and greatly reduced my trash volume .
 Using this regulator as a replacement was easy and my cooker now is better than when I first bought it . Highly recommend this product .
 these are simpy the best for fountains and waterfalls . make sure you get an extra impeller as it is the only thing that wears out -LRB- mine went after 12 years in brackish water -RRB- and is easy to replace . Make sure you plumb the pipe/fittings to be able to remove the side cover to replace the impeller .
 Nice and Powerful pump . I changed the Prefilter that came with it to a square sponge prefilter to prevent the goldfish from being sucked to the inlet . Works like a charm . I made a homemade filter with a 5 gallon bucket and a lid . I drilled holes in the lid with a doorknob drill bit and made a hole big enough for the outlet tube to go in . -LRB- hose should be long enough to go to the bottom of the bucket -RRB- I stuffed the bucket with fiberfill pillow stuffing from walmart and used plastic window screen under the lid to keep the fiberfill in . You can put whatever you want inside , lava rock etc. . Fast Economic filter that keeps the water crystal clear . I occasionally spray the screen if any algae starts to plug the openings with a hard stream of water and that keeps the openings clear without having to shut off the filter . The bucket can be placed at the waterfall feature . Very easy to make and very economical ! Love the Pump !
 We 've used these for years in the AP system . It is always good policy to have a spare impeller and cover in case it eats something . There are newer ones that are more frugal in their power usage I believe , but these are way better than the mechanical pumps .
 Would have like it better if it came with fittings for some common hose sizes -LRB- i.e. 1 '' to 1.5 '' -RRB- I had to buy these at a hardware store myself . Otherwise , it appears to run quietly and unnoticed .
 Much better than the smaller versions in that the larger intake and impeller means less cleaning out.Plenty of power for a filter and fountain for a medium size pond .
 I bought two `` LR Nelson Simple Soaker Border Area Sprinkling System '' from Amazon . I already had two other kits installed . Since the areas I planned to install them were far away from each other , I purchased this hose . With a few interconnecting parts from Home Depot , the job was done.Now , I 'm the happy owner of a irrigation/sprinkling system for under $ 200 . My wife is really happy , the vegetation too . No more 1-hour standing each evening , spreading water over our vegetable garden/shrubs/flower spots.This is definitely one of the best small projects of this year .
 I bought various raindrip parts elsewhere , but I felt I ought to increase the weighting of the positive reviews here , since the two negative reviews having nothing to do with the quality of this product . So
 I have used this type of drip hose for many years in my garden . It holds up well in the Texas heat.I will continue to buy it .
 This was used replace a broken part . I came at a very reasonable price compared to others on the internet .
 Have not used yet but have used similar in past . Great way to save water and ensure plants are fed . Item arrived quickly and was well priced .
 Well , wadda ya want ? Fake briquettes , just like the bag says . The picture is pretty accurate , except the ones you get are n't as perfectly formed . Some have chipped edges and flanges from the manufacturing process , which is why I knocked off a star . The are greyish black in color , not jet black .
 Weber thought of everything with this one . 15-min tops to asssemble . The hardest thing was getting it out of the box , which is packaged beautifully . This is the most solid Weber grill I have ever seen , and I expect to not have to see another for a long time . Heats fast and even . Has all the bells and whistles . The only trouble I had was when I told my wife it was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen . Also , do n't order the grill cover that Amazon suggests for the grill . The correct one is Model # 9988 . Thanks Amazon and thanks Weber .
 This is a top quality grill . The grill heats up fast and really puts out heat . It is solidly made and I would recommend it to anyone .
 Great grill , heavy construction and has lasted for many years.Even when I tried to blow it up and burned a fatty duck , the unit survived explosion.Highly recommend !
 This is the best vacuum head for the money . It picks up all leaves and sticks from the bottom and the flexibility of the head makes it easy to get everything that gathers on the steps and walls . Some other reviews complained of it not picking up bigger leaves , but if you just go over the bigger leaves a couple of times it sucks them right up . I will never buy another rigid head vacuum head . Works great on algae too !
 Good product . I used this for my dirty pool to clean waste out . Really good and heavy duty . Work done with it .
 Delivery was early - thank you Amazon . I opened the pool late so had a lot of immediate cleaning . Heavy design keeps the vacuum in contact with the on the floor . The base being a little higher that other vacuums allows removal of larger debris and also pulls in particles in suspension .
 Well built it looks like it will last much longer than the ones all the pool stores carry . I look forward to see how many years it will last .
 i now have two vacuum heads . this one is higher off the surface so picks up things the lower head just pushes around . perfect for after a heavy wind when there larger debris needs vacuuming .
 There are so many manufacturers of these things , it really doesnt ' matter . They last 3 years tops before the sun eats the plastic up , or a roller falls off . Nature of the beast with need have a flexible base run the pool contours . This is as good they all get .
 This is the best price for a comparable vacuum head for my style of pool . Locally the sellers were looking to charge much higher prices than I paid here .
 I have a gunnite swimming pool that has been converted to a koi pond . I bought this product to use with the existing swimming pool pump and filter , to clean this pond . In this application , this product does a wonderful job . I seems to be very well constructed , and accomplishes this tough task . The only problem it has is that it can get plugged up with leaves . But every pool cleaner I used when this was a swimming pool , had the same issue , so I ca n't blame this product for that . Its probably caused by the relatively small pipe size -LRB- 11/2 &#34; -RRB- as compared to the leaf size , and lack of adequate vacuuming power from my pump . So , this seems like a great product , and my initial impressions are that it will last .
 Supplier shipped fast.A better product than available in the local Lowes/Home Depot . Nicely made and flexible enough to get into the corners and solidly built roller system . Exposed metal is all stainless and bearings are sealed . Hose attached securely . Does n't seem flimsy . Still new but time will tell how long it lasts.Right now 5 stars .
 The product is built well.It is a little bit deeper than I 'd like it to be , but overall is very nice.The price is right . When I need a new one , I will order from them again .
 Works very well ... much better than the lighter plastic ones . . Cleaned all of the bottom and sides with good suction and good manuverability
 So I bought this during the winter and live in the Midwest so I 've not actually had a chance to put this to use . However , what you should know is the following ; 1 . This is very well built -LRB- where most of these heads are plastic , this is metal -RRB- 2 . There is good weight to this , at least 4-5lbs by itself , which is exactly why I bought it2a . There should be no issue with this lifting off the bottom of my pool as I clean it3 . Wheels on the bottom appear to be very sturdy4 . I ca n't wait to use this , I 've bought several other pool heads -LRB- all from Amazon -RRB- and this is the first one I 'm confident I wo n't have to replace in a year.Do yourself a favor , do n't by a cheap one , you 'll end up spending more money in the long run like I did . By this one and be done with it .
 This product is very nice.Before same product I brought from other place but it was useless within two moth .
 I 've used this mat several times now , and though it 's not very padded it 's easily more comfortable than an ordinary blanket or towel . I 've used it on inclines and it does n't slide . It 's easy to transport due to the handle and strap . I have n't tried it on wet ground so I ca n't comment on how waterproof it is , but it 's made to fold in a way such that whatever it was on -LRB- dirt , etc -RRB- wo n't get on the side you sit on .
 We ordered the Mega Mat to protect our bed from one of our dogs . Due to spina bifada , she often has some incontinence . We found that we were changing our bedding more often than we wanted . This has been a tremendous help.The only problem I found is that it tends to have small rips in the plastic side after washing -LRB- acc . to the directions given -RRB- . Otherwise , it would be a perfect , 5 Star item !
 I just purchased this a couple of weeks ago and have already used it for 2 outdoor concerts and fireworks and a movie under the stars night at our local park . The mat is a nice big size and very comfortable . I especially love the completely waterproof lining underneath . You can sit on it and never know that the ground is damp . It folds up easily , and stays folded with the velcro . I 've already had 2 people inquire about where I bought it .
 I had this product for 2-3 years and we used it with our 2 small children at the park , beach , etc. . It was very big for us all to sit on . It was also nice for us because it was compact and the carrying strap kept our hands free to carry other things like children and beach toys . Once you get the hang of folding it , it is really easy and quick to do -LRB- which is helpful if it starts raining suddenly -RRB- . It also folds in so that the dirt does n't get the top dirty . Others have said it 's thin - it is , but if it were any thicker it would be too bulky . It 's also nice because the sand brushes right off.One caution though - if it gets wet , let it dry before folding or hang it open once you get home because mildew may start growing . That happened to us and a few weeks later I opened it up and there were spots of mildew . So I followed the directions and washed it on the delicate cycle in our washing machine . When it came out the backing was ripped in multiple places and not repairable . In hindsight , I think the mat is much too large to put in a typical washing machine , even though the directions allow for it . Even though it ripped following their directions , I 'm actually ordering another one because the blanket was perfect for us . Next time though , I will be hanging it to dry when we get home and will just spot wash any stains instead of putting it in the washing machine . I suppose you could also hose it off and hang it to dry if you wanted to . For the money , it was a great investment for our family .
 This is not a thickly padded blanket - but as someone said , if it were thicker , it would be a lot less convenient . It is waterproof - we 've tried it on damp grass . The thing I like about it is it 's giant size . I would n't treat it roughly - but if you use normal care I think it would last a good long time . It does seem a bit expensive to me at regular price - I saw this on sale at Amazon in navy , and got it for $ 15.00 which seemed like a great deal . If I wanted another I 'd probably just put some of these in my cart and wait until they went on sale .
 Nice big blanket . Came with some missed stitching and broken strap - but I can fix .
 plenty of room for a family of four to picnic on . very soft top blanket . sturdy waterproof backing has kept us dry . conveniently folded into a bag with shoulder strap . a quality picnic blanket , very reasonably priced . highly recommended .
 I received this blanket as a gift and love it . We have used it for a variety of events from concerts on the lawn to picnics at the beach . It 's easy to carry , has a pocket to ditch my phone and keys in and washes up great if we 've been messy eaters !
 For the price that I paid , I am very happy with the product . It 's huge !
 I bought this to use as a dog blanket for the back of my truck . I have n't had it for long , but its good so far !
 Great picnic blanket . The bottom lining not only keeps the moisture out , but it also provides an extra cushion for more comfort . Nice large size easily fits a family of 5 . The blanket folds up easily & the strap is adjustable for anyone to carry it easily .
 I gave this as a gift for someone who enjoys going to concerts and they loved it !
 OK , It is relatively thin but if it were any thicker it would n't be portable . We bought one for everyone in our family and people come up to us and ask where we got it . Does n't get wet and sand comes out easily . Highly reccommend .
 Just as described , my son was very happy with this product when he opened the package . Well worth the money .
 Its very functionable , big enough for a great lay out of food and room for two/three ... I think its an excelent thing to have if you like been outdoors and having a nice and insulated mat to sleep on , or a stable palac to put dishes , cakes and food
 Blanket worked as advertised . Has a nylon bottom that kept the blanket and us dry at an out door concert . The nylon bottom also sheds beach sand well , just a few light shakes and sand be gone . Folding it took a few tries ... mostly because I only briefly looked at then chucked the instructions . It seems a bit expensive , but it is a big blanket and extremely portable .
 We used our blanket for the first time yesterday and loved it . Unfortunately the shoulder strap that was supposed to be included was not so we used a luggage strap . It was light and easy to carry . We laid it down next to a stream and enjoyed our wine and cheese and both my husband and I were able to nap on it ! The directions include a step by step process to refold so those that had difficulty refolding were n't reading the directions . Based on other reviews , I will wash in cold water and dry on low heat . I would definitely recommend this size !
 I LOVE this mat . It 's perfect for lying out on or having a picnic in a park or on the beach . It 's soft & lined underneath to protect you from any dampness . I definitely recommend this .
 This is a very nice set of grill tools . The spatula is wide , long and sufficently stiff for most anything to be flipped on the grill . the tongs are stout and long -LRB- 16 '' -RRB- and hold nicely . The silicone inserts provide a very comfortable grip .
 this is a fantastic set of grill tools -- sturdy and high-end , they are part of the high-end `` Weber Style '' line of grill toolsstop wasting your time and money on cheap stuff . These items will last a lifetime , plus.They hang from our 22 '' Weber -LRB- charcoal grill , the ONLY way to go -RRB- with the grille hanger thing also available on AmazonHigh-grade materials with the proper heft , these items are exactly what a REAL grill king needs.The lack of a FORK is not missed -- you should NEVER pierce grilled food , anyway.The tongs do not lock closed for storage but who cares . I prefer the spring to be sprung , anyway . The clamp things keep the tools unspung which can weaken the spring action over time.Dishwasher safe -LRB- I put them on the top rack just to be safe -RRB- . Stop being a cheapie and treat yourself to the REAL DEALCORRECTION
 I have looked at many sets of grilling tools , and this set has the best features of all . The tongs are the best ever , the square head and flat points make it easy to get under food to lift it . And the construction is quite strong , able to lift large things like brisket and pork shoulders without any sign of flexing . The turner is likewise strong and a good size , though it could use a slope at the front for getting under the food better . The red grips are just right , comfortable and just tacky enough to add grip . And above all , this set has no sharp edges so there 's no puncturing the food so there 's no loss of juices through holes you just made . Leave the fork for the carving set and get this practical grilling set , you wo n't regret it .
 This griddle fits the grill perfectly . It is quite heavy . It does a nice job and has a raised edge to keep things on the griddle and a small drain hole . It covers exactly half of your grill leaving space to grill burgers at the same time .
 This griddle is perfect for the grill !! It 's great to cook bacon or sausage ... things that would stink up your house !! Cooks quickly and evenly . Not good for eggs though . It is not a smooth surface . Works with eggs , but not the best to cook eggs .
 I use this griddle mostly to cook bacon which it does a great job . The large size and drain holes makes it perfect for this job . The only downside is that only one can be used at a time . If nothing is being cooked on the other side of the grill , it seems like a lot of wasted propane .
 I been using this for a long time and it has been working great . Id love to get another one .
 Love the feeder -- keeps the squirrels away ! Once we figured out what types of birdseed to feed them -LRB- thistle & safflower in this feeder ; sunflower ok too , only but in squirrel-proof type w/cage -RRB- , have no problem . -LRB- Sorry the other person had a packing problem -- hopefully amazon took care of it for you . -RRB- We love watching our birds at this feeder !
 I 've had this feeder for several years . It 's the most widely used feeder I have other than the thistle feeder . This feeder keeps the red winged black birds and other `` seed hogs '' from eating all of the seed , but allows the smallest birds such as finches to eat . It only takes a few days for the finches to figure out how to get under the cover . Once they do , they 'll use this feeder more than others . It also keeps snow and rain out of the seed -LRB- a big plus in Minnesota -RRB- .
 So far , so good . As long you hang it far enough from anything a squirrel can climb , you 're good . Mine is about a foot from the pole , and that seems to be enough . The hanging plastic over the feed is great for keeping out huge birds and squirrels , but I love it because it keeps the seed dry -LRB- which has been a big problem for me -RRB- - no more sprouts :-RRB- ! Just for that , I 'd give it 5 stars , but so far it 's done a good job keeping out the squirrels too .
 this bird feeder is absolutley as stated . squirrel proof and the birds love it . I liked it so much I bought another one
 I love this particular feeder . Only the birds can get to the food and it 's well protected from the weather . It 's easy to fill and easy to clean .
 I have purchased other &#34; Squirrel Proof &#34; feeders but none were as effective as this design at keeping squirrels at bay . This was a replacement purchase for my first Perky-Pet 5109 Fortress Bird Shelter . &#34; Squirrel Proof &#34; is not &#34; Bear Proof &#34; .
 Christmas gift for our son who seems to like it . The squirrels have not yet determined how to outsmart it .
 This is by far the best designed bird feeder available . It protects the birdseed from rain and snow and the birds can eat in comfort without fear . Squirrels do not get in as it has a base that will close when anything heavy tries to eat . Love it !
 Small birds can perch on this and feed without a problem . Larger birds ca n't . Works well . Transparent sections are acrylic and the one I got was n't particularly well packaged so there was some small breakage that was repairable .
 It took a long time for my birds to get used to this one . However , after they discovered how it works , they visit it often . NOt my favorite feeder , but the birds seem to think its okay . One major bonus is that it keeps the seed dry .
 We have a feeder post that sees a lot of squirrel action . We hung this feeder on one of the arms of the post , and it did take a few days before the birds came to it , but that 's normal in our experience - any type of change throws them off a bit.However , we see a constant stream of finches , titmice , chickadees and sparrows coming to this feeder . We also get a few cardinals at it , though they go to other feeders with their preferred feed more often.Best of all , the squirrels crawl all over this feeder but ca n't get in . They try to unscrew the top , but ca n't do it . They are completely `` baffled '' by the baffle at the bottom and have never gotten close to the feed down there . They generally spend a minute or two trying various actions and then give up.This feeder has also shown to be fairly deer-proof , as they ca n't seem to get in under the baffle , either.Slight `` issues '' - the top can be a little difficult to unscrew , particularly with gloves on in the cold winter . The bottom holes require a little fiddling to set the hole size correctly in order to allow birds to get at the seeds but still keep the seeds from flowing out . Having the baffle means that birds are n't quite as clearly visible when they are at the feeder than with other feeders . Finally , the first feeder we got broke during shipping from Amazon , but it was replaced with no charge.Anyway , those issues are all really minor quibbles for a feeder that works exactly as intended - it feeds smaller birds and is completely squirrel-proof .
 I just received 2 of these for Christmas from different companies and both came broken . The `` bubble '' that covers the feeder was no longer attached . I hope someone will get styrofoam or some kind of packaging to stablize them during shipping . I am using super glue instead of sending them back because I really like the design . I hope the glue holds in inclement weather .
 I put this feeder up on a shepherd 's crook immediately after my purchase . I used a fruit and nut mix -LRB- sunflower hearts and mixed dried fruit -RRB- , which has been the birds ' favorite in our yard . Two weeks , no birds . No squirrels either . Leaving in the same food , I moved the feeder to another location , this time placing it on a tree limb . Within two hours I had birds on the feeder ! They were using a nearby limb as a launch site from which to get up under the feeder 's hood . It seemed that some of them were not able , from the ground , to get the `` lift '' necessary to reach the feeder ; but by flying from the nearby limb they could manage.07-30-11 UPDATE
 I do n't understand the other reviewer that says they ca n't get birds to come to this feeder ? I have had this feeder for 19 months and yes at first there is a period where they have to get used to the new feeder . But once they do there is no stopping them . I have been feeding birds for at least 15 years and have tried many different kinds . I must have a squirrel proof feeder or I fight a loosing battle they eat everything ! Through the years I have also had to battle the effects of rain and snow contaminating the bird food . This is the best feeder I have ever experienced against the weather . The only way the rain or snow can enter is during very powerful storms with lots of heavy winds it has to be so intense that the rain is actually blown up under the protective bell shaped plastic covering !! As for the squirrel problem they can not get to the food by jumping on to it I have it hanging from a branch on a tree . Just make sure its not to close to a part of the tree where the squirrel can reach the feeding part and still have its hind feet planted on a branch or whatever it can hold on to . From what I can tell this can only be hung and not pole mounted . It can be a bit difficult to clean thoroughly but every so often just take the time and it can be done . I have seen birds waiting all over the place during heavy rain and snow just to get a chance to feed and get out of the elements they love it !
 I am ordering my second feeder . For new purchasers , be patient . It took my finches and sparrows about 2 weeks to figure out how to land on the perch , but now they love it . It is really funny watching the larger birds trying to figure it out . I have a different feeder for the larger birds .
 This definitely will keep the squirrels away , I have only one complaint and that is the the lid after one use does not tighten back down , this is not a problem , gravity holds it in place , it is built solid enough to withstand a few years , when it comes time to replace this feeder I will purchase it again , I have gotten a lot of bang for the buck , I have had it for at least 2 years , and it works great !
 You would think waxing rhapsodic about a grill cover would be silly , but this one actually deserves it . It is a thick , heavy material with a cloth-like texture embossed into the surface . It fits the Performer perfectly , without leaving gaps to billow in the wind , but not so tight that it does n't go back on easily . It also goes all the way down to the base , which means that items stored on the lower grate -LRB- gloves , fire extinguisher , and extra tools , in my case -RRB- are kept clean and dry.I usually think that grill covers are overpriced , but this one is actually worth twice the price . It really is that good .
 I got this cover for the Weber 847001 22-1/2 - Inch Performer Charcoal Grill . It is the perfect cover for this perfect grill ! You ca n't go wrong spending a little extra to keep this great grill protected ! It stays in place great and we get some hella winds out here !
 This COVER Fits the Performer charcoal grills perfectly . Be sure you get the model 9986 that is made to fit over the cooking dome . There are other covers that look like they may fit -LRB- i.e. model 7455 -RRB- but you may not be happy.The MODEL 9986 looks nice with the Weber logo and extends almost to the bottom of the unit , protecting the grill for rain ... . also , one should not be concerned that a strong wind could cause the cover to blow off ...
 Fairly heave , so I expect it to last for some time . I do wish that it was longer so that it covered the wheels also . Oh well . Glad I purchased it .
 I purchased this as a gift for my husband to keep his grill clean and in good shape . He loves it ! It is great quality and very durable -LRB- even in Chicago winters -RRB- .
 was concerned about the high price . after using it for almost a year , i think this cover is worth every penny . My grill looks brand new still !!
 I love this grill cover . It fits beautifully , very well constructed . It could n't be better ! The wind has not affected it ! I highly recommend this product !!
 Does the job of protecting the grill from rain , snow and dust . Never had the wind blow the cover off because it has a tight fit .
 The cover is a great thing to have to keep the grill covered and clean and keep the weather from damaging it .
 This grill cover looks great and fits perfectly . Keeps the grill clean and ready-to-use
 This cover is just perfect for the Weber Performer grill w/touch-n-go ignition . Easy to put on , take off & keeps the grill clean & dry . I highly recommend it . The only drawback is it has no way to tie it to one leg to keep it from blowing off . It does have a snug fit but I put a small potted plant on it to keep it from blowing up . Works fine !
 I purchased this for my husband 's new Weber Performer . It was confusing to find the correct cover , because the previous models of the Performer were a different shape and many I found online did not specify which model the cover fit . Perhaps so they can get rid of the old ones?Anyway , this cover is very thick and high quality . It fits the new Performer perfect .
 The grill cover is very nice and thick material , however , it does not have the `` fitted '' look as in the picture . Over all , good product .
 Perfect fit , great `` free '' shipping and timelydelivery . Completed the view and beautified mycooking patio . A must for the performer
 This cover is well worth the money . Its a thick polyvinyl that covers the grill very evenly and seems to stands up well in thunderstorms .
 Great product/will protect my Weber Grill for years , hopefully ! It took a day or so longer to arrive but good things are worth waiting for . I would order from Amazon again . Good experience !
 Very good cover . Fits my Performer perfectly . Just wished it came in the colors that the Performer does . I like to color coordinate !
 Cover is strong/durable ; easy to clean ; fits grill superbly -LRB- not at all too `` snug '' -RRB- . Highly recommend it !
 Have only had the cover for about a month , but love the quality and how it covers our Weber `` Performer . '' Am glad to spend a little extra and feel confident the cover will protect our grill and last .
 This cover looks great and goes on good . It 's the perfect compliment to the incredible Performer grill .
 Well , How do you review a cover for a grill ?? This one fits my Weber Performer perfectly and keeps the elemtents off of my grill surfaces and out of my charcoal bin ! A definite must-have if you own or purchase the Weber Performer !
 It 's a great cover that will protect my Weber Performer for the years to come . Good material . It 's the real deal .
 dont know to much cause i bought this for my son and hesaid it works good . and it was a good price
 Got it on time ... . Brand new like it said on here and it works all i forgot to buy was the hose but i still tried it out and it works great !! Thank u
 placed order late 7/12/2011 sometime after 9pm received 7/14/2011 i would say that 's fast :-RRB- have not been able to try it out yet still waiting for the filter pumpso far from what i can see it seems very sturdy and the shipping is A +
 Quality comparable to models sold in the local pool supply store . Price was much better ! Shipped quickly and arrived in good shape .
 Live in Midwest , probably wo n't use this item for at least 3 more months . I 've had this model before and was very pleased with it .
 Beat the local price by a mile ... Just what I expected it to be . . Arrived on time and very happy with product . Works fine .
 I do n't actually own a Vinyl pool and only bought this to clean out my spa and the steps in my pool . So , as far as how it treats vinyl , I can not comment . I can say , I bought an identical one of these from my pool store down the road for $ 35 and then decided to look online last minute . I found this one and saved a ton of money . It 's weighted down and connects to the brush pole easily . It also has three lines of brushes along the side that stir up dirt and does n't solely rely on suction . Bonus , as you can see in the picture , where the vacuum tube connects it has two different sizes . My original big vacuum hose fits onto it . If I went with the other expensive store one then I would have had to buy a skinnier hose .
 This works much better than the rectangular sweeper we had before . It picks up leaves and sediment much better and works from any direction . Also , the price is great too ! I just saw the same product at the pool store and they were asking $ 44.00 for it.As always , Amazon service was great !
 Has three weights embedded on the sides . Stays on the bottom well enough . Vacuum reasonably slow and no problems . Picks up sediment from the bottom very well . Avoid leaves . Disconnected the discharge side from the pool pump and let the water run onto the ground because the fines were going right through our pool filter and back into the pool . Was done in about 30 minutes , so only lost about 3 inches of water during the process . This is a very good value for the money . You need to make sure you get an adapter for the pool pump suction inlet when you buy a hose . Our pool is an Intex brand . You wo n't be dissappointed .
 This pool vacuum was a necessity because I had broken the handle of our pool vacuum and our pool was getting dirty ! When I first tried this vacuum , I was amazed ! It worked SO much better than our old one ; I was glad I had broken the old one ! This works really well and sucking up dirt and junk from the pool and it is easy to glide across the bottom of the pool . My old `` issue '' with it is that sometimes large leaves get stuck in the brushes , and then I have to try to knock the leaf off . If I can get it off , the vacuum will suck it right up !
 I ended up purchasing this at my local hardware store , however , it is a great product . I 've used it to pull up the dirt that blows in from a construction site where they have earth movers and large rock trucks in motion all of the time . Seems like the pool is a magnet for all of their blowing dirt . I was very impressed as it made it over the few wrinkles / creases I have in the pool bottom that I was n't able to get out of my Intex Ultra Frame pool when we installed it.Great product ! You 'll still need a hose and pole to hook up to this by the way . .
 This vacuum head has smooth corners and works great . There has not been a problem with it rising to the top and losing suction .
 I live in a climate where pools are used for 3 months at best . I was unaware I 'd have to vacuum a pool if I had the kind you leave up all summer ... but this made it easy . You need a pole to attach this to , but it 's easy to store , and great for picking up things off the bottom your net ca n't get . Also , if you have to `` shock '' your pool , this is important to own to vacuum up the dead algae . Gentle enough on the edges to not scuff or tear your liner . Good implement .
 You 've seen this in every pool store or hardware store that sells pool products . I like the rotating cuff too . If your hose does n't have one -LRB- rotating cuff -RRB- , this 360-degree cuff will eliminate kinks so your hose wo n't wrap up onto itself . Works great , looks great.Only problem I can determine is the weight of it . With using longer pool hoses/poles , or in deeper pools it 's difficult to determine if it 's actually flat on the bottom of the pool because it 's so light weight . Even in my 4.5 ' deep pool , if I try to vaccume too fast , it will lift off the bottom . To get the proper suction when vacuming it needs to sit flat on the pool bottom.They should find a way to add a bit of weight to this product and it would be perfect .
 This product is great . It 's inexpensive but not ` cheap ' . Very effective and appears to have replaceable brushes . Would definitely buy again .
 I was n't sure if this chain would fit my saw from the desciption , but I took a chance & ordered it anyway . It was the correct chain . My saw is over ten years old & the bar is not being used on the later models . I ordered 2 of these so I would get the free shipping . Lowe 's used to carry this chain , but now you have to order it from Lowe 's & I did before I found this on Amazon . The price for one chain at Lowe 's is just a little more than the price for 2 chains on Amazon . I do a lot of sawing so I 'm sure they will all get used .
 I have a Husqvarna 359 saw that take this chain . It has good life on the chain and I do not have any kick back problems . The only problem I have had is when the chain fell off the bar it hit the guard and bent the teeth , but the is a safety feature of the saw having a metal guard .
 The exact same chainsaw chains are about 10 % higher at the brick and mortar stores here in Colorado . The chain came in as advertised and works just fine .
 When you are a nonprofit organization operating in a coastal community that has the sometimes more than occasional significant weather event impacting the coastal forest that you manage , a dependable chain-saw or two are on the list of essential , mandatory comfort elements . Having new chains on stand-by is just a part of being prepared . These are not always easy to find in times of a crisis , so once again Amazon comes through and saves the environment by providing Woodlands Conservancy the opportunity to order online and have them delivered to the door . Thank you Husqvarna and Amazon . For more info . about us , visit -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Than the Husqy chain . I think the difference is in the anti-kickback . Perhaps its not safer but it stays sharper and cuts better longer than the factory chain .
 After a few sharpenings this thing is still going strong . Good price on Amazon makes sharpening questionable . The only reason I sharpen is that I do n't like to take the saw apart .
 Easy to use , very sharp , just what I expected from Ground Hog . I have 5 pieces of their equipment and everyone is well built and does what it is supposed to do ! A must buy !
 Y' know those dings in the fence and tree bark made by your weed whacker?Well , Hound Dog does n't make those marks . It trims grass quite nicely ... even in hard to reach places , like between the deck and fence.Where it falls a bit short is with weeds that have heavier stalks.It WILL cut them , but you will have to work at it.And , if your left-handed and unable to adapt to right-handed tools , well , this one is definitely for righties only.Overall , its a great tool ... saves energy , saves back breakingbending-over , gets the neighbors to stop and ask where you got it , and saves big money on replacing scarred decking , fencing , trees , etc.And its so very adjustable that it will work for just about anyone.Get one .
 This feeder is very heavy and well constructed . Ground stakes which are encluded are long and push deep into the ground giving the feeder a good solid base in any type soil . The look is that of a piece of Asian sculpture . Peaceful , serene and absolutely beautiful . Place it in a special secluded spot in the garden near a bench , a window or patio where it can be veiwed year round . Oh , and the birds it attracts are of course an added bonus .
 After reading the other reviews I was expecting to have trouble assembling this . I was pleasantly surprised ! It took no more than 20 minutes to assemble and there were no glitches . Just did n't know where the wingnut went , but it did n't seem to need it . If you use a large funnel to fill the feeder , then the seeds wo n't hit the ring and bounce off . Even if you do n't use a funnel , it is n't that big of a deal . I like the fact I can place it on my patio and not have to secure it in the grass or dirt as it 's very heavy and stable . Best of all , it 's beautiful and unique ! It also arrived very quickly - faster than 2 books I ordered on the same day .
 Yes , there were a few glitches as other reviewers mentioned -LRB- thus the 4 stars only -RRB- . But if you 're at all handy you can fix them . We 've had ours almost a year now ; it 's as elegant and finish still perfect as ever . Refilling is inconvenient . We just toss it in the tray most times rather than the hopper . Not a problem in decent weather .
 The quality of this flag is great . The color is vivid and it is well made . Unfortunately - the design does n't work well for a `` front porch '' flag . If you 're flying it from a vertical flag pole it is fine . But at an angle or especially if you have it on a horizontal pole -LRB- i.e. one that hangs out from your front porch -RRB- , the back side of the flag is upside down .
 This NCAA Alabama Crimson Tide 2-sided flag is a great addition for any Alabama Crimson Tide Fan ! Would order again !
 I could n't be happier with these plants . The plants arrived fresh and well packaged . I waited a while to plant -LRB- per the vendor 's instructions -RRB- and planted them in areas that get blasted with sun . I have n't lost a single plant . They grow anywhere and are very hardy .
 Planted these plants months ago they did not show any signs of growing , however a week ago they exploded and are beautiful .
 I agree with pittuk 's previous review . The Hound Dog auger that I bought last year turned the two-day chore of planting our tulips into a three-hour task with virtually no stooping -LRB- except when a bulb landed in the hole wrong end up -RRB- .
 The previous reviewer simply could not have had a recently tilled planting bed , or it was very poorly tilled ! I 've used both sizes of planting augers for over 10 yrs . and love them . The only time they stall out is when the soil has way too many surface or deeper roots . I use a Craftsman Professional grade drill . It 's the only way to plant !
 Seems to work well and should last a while . Giving 4 stars because the ties are a pain . In the past I 've had ones with velcro and they were easier to use .
 Good quality product at a great price . THese are durable and a great item to protect your investment of lawn furniture .
 The order was handled fine but unfortunately I ordered the wrong thing and had to send it back .
 This is such a great idea . I am on my 2nd one but that 's only because I lent my 1st one to my brother & he had trouble giving it up ! Not only does this get water directly to the roots , but it also leaves the hole there so that next time it rains , the rain water also goes directly to the roots , as does oxygen . Extremely efficient ! It 's especially great in hard soil areas or anywhere else water does n't quickly soak in ! Plants love it & so will you !
 Product came highly recommended from a friend it does exactly what I wanted . There have been some problems with the tipe getting clogged going in but a simple pulse off and on and the plug shot out . Found that this is also good for clearing my drive way as it produces a pretty strong stream .
 I 've tried a couple of different brands and this is easily the best one . And where I live -- in the high desert of New Mexico -- this is an essential gardening tool . This one is sturdy and easy to use . Other brands I 've used either have plastic parts that give out eventually , or squirt the water to the sides of the spike , making it MUCH harder to push through the soil deep enough . This one squirts the water straight ahead so it is easy to push the spike to its maximum depth of almost 3 feet . It could be sturdier , but because you do n't have to push as hard on it , that is n't such a drawback . But be aware that if you do push real hard on it , it will bend .
 Good rake . Seems sturdy so it should last . Its not adjustable but works for most areas . Around trees where there are large roots it wo n't get many leaves . Its only good for level ground because of the lenght .
 I purchased this product a couple of months ago and it works beautifully around beds as well as along sidewalk and driveway . It cuts through `` crab '' grass which grows over every barrier that exists . I love it - it is quiet and no exhaust smells . I can edge almost as fast as my husband with his noisy , smelly high-tech edger - even he was impressed . If it ever breaks or bends I will purchase another one - it has earned its place in my tool collection already and FYI - no one paid me or requested this review and I do n't usually write reviews , but this has worked so great that I was inspired to take the time to review the Hound Dog .
 It does what it says it does . Plant one edge between sidewalk and yard , step on plate , remove , replant , continue . It 's great on straight sidewalk edges . No moving parts other than you . Blade seems to maintain its edge , as I 've had mine for a few years now and it has n't gotten any more difficult to use.The * only * downsides are
 We just got this a yesterday , and it 's already been put through quite the test . Our sidewalk probably has n't been edged since it was put in , somewhere on the order of 20 years ago -LRB- long before we bought the house -RRB- . The walk had become severely sunken , and , as we did n't find out until using it yesterday , overgrown by about 10 inches of grass.The edger managed to cut our grass back to where it should have been edged , and tore through over two inches of soil to get level with the sidewalk ! I will mention that , in these extreme cases , having two people working the edger -LRB- one for stomping it , and one pulling the sod away -RRB- and using a shovel to pull away the overgrown grass is pretty much a necessity . The sidewalk looks better than it had in years , and only took a few hours to cut away all of that excess soil and grass on a 80 ' sidewalk!My only complaint , which is n't the product 's fault , is that now I have to deal with having two inches of exposed soil under the grass surrounding our sidewalk due to the years of neglect .
 Works really well . I 'm 150 lbs so sometimes I have to bounce on it a bit in tougher spots but overall it works great . I 'm very happy with it . Much cheaper and quieter than a gas powered edger and works better than the cordless weed wacker/edger that I was using before . Edging is far more pleasant and easy with this . As an extra benefit , you can edge with young children playing around you or even `` helping '' .
 Incredible product that does a perfect edge . Extremely easy to use and works great on our thick Florida St. Petersburg grass . Much better results than using the string trimmer as an edger .
 This is a great product and probably the best value garden tool I 've ever purchased . I 've been pretty negligent about edging my front yard and despite having tried weed whackers and edgehogs i 've never been able to get it under control . I was pretty much resigning myself to doing it the hard way with a straight edged spade.I decided to give the Steppin ' Edger a go , and within 45 minutes of UPS dropping it off , my front yard suddenly looked very respectable . It 's great , and a good way to meet your neighbors as they 'll stop their cars and ask where to buy one.My yard was very overgrown and it did at times require me to stamp on it to cut through the edge , but I do n't ever plan to let it get so overgrown again so hopefully that wont matter.The only other criticism i 've got is that the handle is a little short for my 6 ' stature , though it 's probably a good compromise so that most people can use it fairly comfortably .
 This edger works great . I weight 145 lbs and still can use this to complete my lawn edges that has not been edged for about 2 years in about half hour . I highly recommend this edger.The only drawback is , of course , it can not be as fast as the edging machine .
 Best money I ever spent for a garden tool ! I had a friend come over to see it , who thought it was so much fun he edged my entire flower bed . Easy on the back , easy to see where you are going , gives a nice , sharp , crisp edge to your beds with little effort . Highly recommend this to anyone who dreads the task of keeping the grass at bay from the edge of your beds ...
 We had not edged the lawn along our driveway for over 10 years . I bought this tool and was able to edge about 35 feet in less than half an hour . We have very stony glacial soil in our yard and have neglected edging it for over 10 years . I would say that our situation was about as challenging as this tool will normally face . I was truly amazed that it was so fast and effortless to take care of this neglected chore . I will do it every year from now on and I am sure it will take even less time . A winner of a `` gadget '' .
 This tool is GREAT ! It 's such a simple design , but it is highly effective at slivering out a really nice clean edge . I 'm a 122 lb female with average strength and this was really easy for me . The soil here is decent in central Texas and provided next to zero resistance as I ran the narrow -LRB- but sturdy -RRB- edge of the blade quickly along my driveway , curbs , and sidewalk edges . I always trim the the few grass stragglers by hand so I used this tool strictly to cut a clean deep edge around the grass . The last time -LRB- 2 yrs ago -RRB- that I used the dreaded weed eater for this task , it took more than an hour . This tool took me less than 20 minutes . I was really expecting the first time use to be a bit lengthy since there was no remaining edge to follow after a couple of yrs of neglect . I could n't believe how quickly I scooted along - AND the edge is extremely neat and consistent . It looks like the landscapers were here for a visit and spent the day preening the yard . This is the best purchase I 've made in years - and definitely one of the least expensive !!
 I bought this edger because I HATE string trimmers for edging . It did a very good job , although I had to get `` into the groove '' of using it . Much easier than a shovel and the results are great . You may find it challenging if your grass is significantly overgrown , but otherwise it does fine .
 What an excellent product ! I edged my yard and my elderly parents ' yard front and back and wo n't have to do either yard again for quite a while . Well built and designed product and it was shipped unbelievably fast -LRB- two days -RRB- . I will buy more garden products from this company .
 I have a small yard in front of my building that had n't been edged in years . I found my string trimmer inadequate for the job and did n't want to spend money on a power edger for such a small area . I watered the lawn the night before using this to make sure the soil was soft . Cutting though the grass and dirt that had accumulated was easy , but does require some time and effort , as one would expect with a manual tool.I would definitely recommend for anyone with a small yard or less than 150 or so linear feet of lawn that requires edging .
 The first time I used my steppin edger I needed to use both feet to rock the cutting edge over my St Augustine grass . The second time , the dirt was already cut back but I sharpened the blade for better grass cutting . It only took one foot to cut through the thick grass . I could n't use it where the ground was shorter than the sidewalk . Everywhere else I now have a quick way to clean up my yard a few times each year .
 My title says it all . Others have described their experience using this edger better than I can . It just works great . I am a small woman of 130lbs with arthritis . I am able to cut garden edges with this with no problems . Now , if it only removed weeds .
 The Steppin Edger is a quality product that I expect to last for many years . It is easy to use and makes edging almost effortless .
 Bought this for my 73 year old dad to use because he refused to let me get him a gas or electric powered one . He loved it and said it worked just find for his whole yard .
 It 's magic ! Cut through 16 years of overgrown lawn edge . Every passerby was fascinated with it.Hound Dog HDP6-4 Products Steppin ' Edger -LSB- ... -RSB- Only problem is I 'm in the Pacific NW . Lots of moss . Edge really is n't sharp enough to cut through moss . I 'm looking for a nice used guillotine .
 I use this edger to clean up along the sidewalk and to create new bed edges . My only caution is that it takes a bit of practice to get the rhythm going , and that it might be difficult for anyone under 125 lbs . to use on tough sod or heavy clay soil . Anyone with balance or coordination difficulties would probably find this difficult to use.Also -- do n't be a silly goose and try to use it on hard , dry soil . Use it within 24 hours after rainfall or watering . You would n't dig a hole in hard , dry soil , so do n't try edging then either !
 I have an average sized yard . Sidewalk , driveway , front sidewalk . It took me about 30 minutes to do all the edging . The blade is sharp and cuts right through the turf . Cleanup took another 15 minutes . Frankly , the setup and use of an electric would probably take about the same amount of time.I love it and highly recommend it .
 This tool may not get used every week , but it is one that I will not be without . In fact , I have just purchased my 3rd one because it keeps disappearing ! It makes trimming the yard almost fun it is so easy to use and makes such a big differance in the appearance of your yard and garden . I am 65 years old and not inclined to do yard work unless it is very easy , and I almost ca n't wait for the grass to grow so I can use my trimmer again . My son also uses it to dig a trench in which to lay wiring or pipes underground without having to dig with a shovel . I recommend the Steppin ' Edger to everyone .
 I am NOT a company hack . I am a homeowner in Missoula , Montana . I subscribe to a number of gardening magazines and saw that a tester at one of the magazines said this was a remarkably effective tool . Perhaps on very dense grass it is ineffective or perhaps the unhappy reviewer below used it incorrectly . For me , it was a great problem solver & I wish I had bought it years ago.We had not edged the lawn along our driveway for over 10 years . I bought this tool and was able to edge about 35 feet in less than half an hour . We have very stony glacial soil in our yard and I would say that our situation was about as challenging as this tool will normally face . I was truly amazed that it was so fast and effortless to take care of this neglected chore . I will do it every year from now on and I am sure it will take even less time . A winner of a `` gadget '' . I did note that a reviewer before me said this edger was effective but became bent . I 'll keep that in mind and try to prevent that from happening to mine . It is worth it nonetheless because the alternatives would be more costly or time consuming than buying a new one occassionally .
 A few years ago , I got my first house and the yard desperately needed to be taken care of . My old man was such a nitpick when it came to his yard and I never saw much point in that . That is , until I got my own yard . Edging was always one of those things I thought was worthless . Again , until I got my own yard . I happened to run into this while at Home Depot and it looked rather interesting . It was on sale , so I bought it and immediately jumped on my yard . This little guy did a BEAUTIFUL job on my sidewalks and front walk . So much so , I got a lot of my neighbors starting to ask who did my yard ! It provides such a clean cut and does n't take a lot of effort to use . What a backsaver ! I just got though using it on my mother 's yard and was still happy 4 years later ! The blade periodically needs sharpening to give a nice clean cut and the step pivot needs to be oiled every now and then . Aside from that , this thing needs no attention . The blade on mine has a lot of scuffs and nicks from scraping the side of sidewalks with it , but it has no rust or corrosion of any kind on it . Pretty surprising for the abuse I 've put it through . So if you 're thinking you want a nice clean edge on your property and do n't want to spend a lot doing it , this little guy is a good way to do it . It 's a lot better than spending hours breaking your back with an old-style blade or worse , paying someone else to do it ...
 This is one of those items that 's worth whatever I have to pay for it . It makes it possible to edge seriously over-grown edges with minor difficulty . It uses no gas or electricity , creates no pollution , and starts first time every time . My wife and I can both use it with ease , but I would imagine very slender and lightweight individuals would have some trouble stepping it down.Here is the how I recommend using this device . First , find exactly where the concrete ends . Pull grass if necessary . Put the blade as close to the sidewalk edge as possible without the edger going sideways -LRB- too close -RRB- . Do n't use it too near a corner for the first incision - you can always turn it around and head towards the corner later . After getting it all the way down , use the handle to pull the front/leading part up and mostly/partially out . Do not remove it all the way out - it will take much longer with more difficulty to do your lawn that way.Slide the edger PART-WAYS forward with your foot - do NOT try and do another full blade cut . Just pull it out far enough so that you can slide the edger forward with your foot -LRB- do NOT pull the whole blade out of the ground -RRB- . This device works best with smaller steps , and lighter people can push it down -LRB- and pull it up and out -RRB- MUCH easier . I think of it as a half-step , but a third of the blade length forward -LRB- or a quarter , or less -RRB- is good enough . Push it down and repeat . It eventually becomes one motion - a small step forward and lift . It 's edge walking.On paper , a part of the blade forward and lifting to move forward does n't seem like much , but in reality it 's so easy and quick that it takes no time to do a good size edge . I have a corner lot , and I can do patio , driveway , sidewalk in under an hour - with a seriously overgrown edge . It is not much faster using a power edger.These get borrowed and not returned , so others out there like it , too . Please buy yours on Amazon as I no longer lend mine out .
 I bought the Steppin ' Edger a while ago . I did n't have room to store one of those gas-powered or electric-powered edgers and do n't have that much to edge anyway -LRB- a 12-foot driveway and maybe 30-40 feet of sidewalk -RRB- so they seemed like overkill . The Steppin ' Edger is a good solution.Basically , you line the `` blade '' part up with the surface you 're edging against and step on it . Then you pull up on the handle , step it a bit forward , and push down on it again . That might sound slow , but it actually works pretty quickly ... maybe not as fast as a powered edger , but you do n't need gas or electric with this one . Now , the flip side of that is that this this is n't going to power through tree roots or rocks ... just the usual lawn plants and dirt/gravel . Using this device is n't as hard as digging a hole or hauling around huge bags of mulch , but it can take a toll on your hips if they 're anything like mine . Mine usually hurt a fair amount when I 've finished using the edger , though the pain goes away in a few hours . If you have hip problems or putting your weight on one hip repeatedly causes discomfort , you might want to consider whether this is the right product for you . I do n't edge often enough that the pain deters me from using it , and that 's pretty much my only complaint about the tool.Affordable , does what it 's supposed to do , good for the environment -LRB- no emissions and no electricity usage -RRB- , and not too hard on the user .
 We use this edger all the time on our lawn and even around some of the head stones at the cemetery that are very over grown . We have had this for over 4 years now , has n't needed to be sharpen , has n't bent or scratched , and makes trimming a lot easier . A good investment and is so easy to use because you can rock it back and forth and use all of your weight . You just slide and step , that is it . Amazon is one of the only places who has this , we are actually buying one for my grandfather for Father 's day because he was so excited when he saw us using it and was amazed at how easy it was for him and he is 77 years old .
 I 'm known as the `` gadget person '' in our family , but I once again proved to my husband that I really know how to pick 'em ! We are seniors with arthritis , and achy knees and backs + we have very hard clay soil . We also do n't have extra funds to pay a landscaper to do the edging for us . Taking advantage of the fact that the ground is still moist here in Ohio , we decided to start working on the front flower beds shortly after receiving our Hound Dog . Now this `` Dog '' is proving that it really is a good friend for both a man and a woman . It worked so well that our neighbor had to come by to check it out , too . This is a wonderful garden tool that enables us to get this difficult job done with minimal effort . We ca n't recommend it highly enough -- it 's GREAT !
 nice tool only if you are a heavy person . being a light-weight female i can not make this work for me .
 Very user friendly-no pressure on your back or shoulders . Creates a very nice professional looking edge .
 This item is great ! It makes a fabulous edge on my lawn . I can not speak for some of the complaints that others have stated . I have Bermuda grass and as anyone with this grass can tell you , the runners on this grass type are fierce . They are hardy and persistent . I have had great success making a bautiful edge using this edger . In fact , I prefer using this to make an edge rather than using a powered tool that would take less time due to how perfect the edge comes out . The edge also seems last a while longer than the ones I have made with the powered edgers.This edger does take a little weight . You have to really push the blade down into the ground to cut some hardy grass -LRB- like bermuda runners -RRB- and it is alot less wearing if your natural weight is doing the job rather than your muscles . I cut as close to the cement as I can so this is not as hard as it sounds . I usually put my right foot on it and rock along like I was walking -LRB- a rolling walk -RRB- . Once you get into a good rhythm , you can keep going . I take steps while holding the handle and this is very easy to use . I overlap my steps so each area is gone over twice . This is no big deal . Once I get to the end of each area , I go back and rake up the tufts that have been cut out or I rake them onto the lawn so they get mowed . Very simple.Everyone who has seen me rocking up and down the driveway or down the street edge of the lawn in my funny steppin ' edger gait has laughed at me but afterwards , I always receive compliments on how great the lawn looks.The only negative I have is that even though this is fun to use , it is still manual labor - which I hate with a PASSION - and even worse , this work is needed when it is warm weather . I have a long driveway , patio area and alot of street area all of which needs to be edged . However , I like having a pretty lawn so work is a necessary evil . I usually get out early in the am before it gets too hot and try to knock out all out.Also , I have been using the same steppin ' edger for about 4 years now . I still have no problems with the blade or the cuts . I think my success with this is that a little care goes a long way . I do n't leave it outside ; I wipe off the blade after use ; I put the blade cover back on and fasten the blade to the handle after each use . I think the blade can be sharperened although mine has not needed it up til now.This is well worth the money .
 I have found the Hound Dog Products to be excellent overall . I gave my son a Hound Dog Weeder which he found very useful and easy to use . He had already purchased an edger when he received the Hound Dog edger and thought that it would not be an improvement over the edger which he had purchased . However , much to his surprise , the Hound Dog edger proved to be much more efficient and easier to use . He has given the edger which he purchased to a neighbor . Great garden tool ... excellent brand .
 My brother has one so I already knew I would like it . It is fast and easy and does not take as much muscle to use as some other hand edging tools .
 I was a bit skeptical about these panels when I originally tested it , but in the end it performed excellent . I use it to charge my Duracell power pack 600hd and it charged fully in 4 to 5 hours . I noticed that you do n't need full sunlight for this panel to work but the more sunlight the higher output of course . Do n't plan on using this panel to power AC electronics its not designed for that . My inverter only powered up to about 15 watts ac power or one 13Watt CFL bulb . It also is good for charging cell phones or anything under 15 watts . On the negitive side I have not tried this product in wet weather and I do n't think that I will as it 's not water sealed very well , and I 've noticed so far the stands that prop up the panel are n't very robust and would not hold up in much wind .
 Following considerable research I purchased this panel about six months ago . I use it extensively in field research to power my laptop and radio data communications equipment -LRB- re-rad system -RRB- as well as run a 12V powered AA battery charger for LED lighting . With most of my field work in Nevada , Utah , and Arizona , where we get intense sun insolation , this panel has performed very much to my needs and expectations . My panel delivers output to rated specifications.In operation , I run all of my equipment off of a Optima yellow top deep cycle battery . My laptop and data radio draw more than what this panel can deliver but since I run my laptop and radio only about 25 % of the time , the panel keeps up nicely with my overall power demands . Recently I used the panel for a week at the Grand Canyon . I was impressed that it maintained my battery charge levels adequate to run my equipment even during a few lightly overcast days.Regarding durability , I recently dropped the panel -LRB- while it was opened up -RRB- glass side down . Much to my relief , the panel survived the drop with no visible or electrical damage . As the previous commenter stated , the stands appear a little light weight but in use , they seem to be holding up well.I give this 30W panel an excellent rating - it meets my needs quite well .
 Not a bad panel . It has Siemens mono-crystalline cells -LRB- 36 -RRB- and tough glass . Case is plastic but fairly solid . Solar cells are mounted in EVA under glass . Accessory connectors are VERY well thought out with a charge controller , auto plugs , battery connectors , and a voltage step-down set-up for lower voltage appliances . Props are a not well-designed but I generally do n't use them anyway - this panel easily props up against just about anything and does n't slide . A little heavy at 9lb but solid construction . The 30 watt output will charge up just about any smaller appliance like a lap-top or AA charger - will also charge up a car battery with a good sunny day.The review above is misguided in recommending the Coleman over this panel . The Coleman has cheaper amorphous cells with only a fraction of the power output - not able to charge a laptop and is also made in China . Reviewer does n't seem to have seen the 30 watt panel before commenting .
 I had one of these before and it worked great but just wore out over the years . I was happy it was still around.It 's a great product . Best thing is you do n't have to hold open a bag and risk touching anything . It is all in one - attached a bag and go.I would recommend to any dog owner out there .
 I have used this product for several years . The poop hound is excellent . With 3 dogs it is essential to have a scopper that can do the job . I highly recommend this product .
 OMG !!! How have I lived without this !!! I 'm disabled with a Service Dog . The one thing he was n't trained for was `` picking up after himself '' !!! ha ha I 've tried all kinds of pooper scoopers and they all were either awkward or they just plain fell apart . I was at a friends house and he had one of these and said he has had it for years ! It looked like it was brand new and he promised me he 's USED IT MANY TIMES ! I 've used mine many times . It 's not awkward at all , very easy to use and is very durable . Well worth the money !! I highly recommend !
 This is without a doubt the best pooper-scoooper I have ever used . I have multiple dogs and can not manage without one . Your hands stay clean , you do n't have to bend over very far , it is durable and easy to use . What more can you ask for ?
 This is a fantastic product . It does exactly what it says it 's going to do . I 'm buying it for a second time because it 's winter here in Western New York and we 're still using it in the snow and ice and our poor , dear little poop hound has been taking a beating ! It 's not dead yet , but its days are numbered , I can tell - and I ca n't imagine how awful it would be to try to live without this for even 24 hours . : -RRB- We use the poop hound in our yard and change the bag once or twice a day -LRB- once a day when we 're not also scooping up snow - that stuff gets heavy -RRB-
 I got one of these for a gift -LRB- believe it or not ! -RRB- a few years ago , and it broke . I wanted the same one , but could n't find it ANYWHERE except on Amazon . And better yet , the price of what I wanted , was cheaper than the local pet stores for something I did n't want . I think it is a great tool for us pet owners , and you scoop into a bag . There is no dumping from a metal `` dustpan '' . I use plastic grocery bags then just tie them in a knot . No touching the poop , just find it and scoop it . Great item !
 We had a Poop Hound for over three years before it finally broke . My husband , who cleans the yard , asked me to get another one . I bought the previous one at Petsmart and was dismayed when I found they no longer carried the product . I checked at all of the other pet stores and was unable to find one . I ca n't tell you how happy I was to find one on Amazon.com . I received the item in less than one week , although I chose the cheapest shipping method . We have never had any problems with this product and would recommend it to anyone .
 This product is awesome for picking up after your dog . The long handle is great , no bending over with a little bag and the bag holds a lot ... your hands never touch anything ! I love it !! Hound Dog Products HDP5-4 Poop Hound
 I have had a poop hound for 3 years and just now ordered another , mine finally broke after daily use . I use store plastic bags with the plastic handles ... yep regular walmart bags ! Put both handles up over the top of the holder . . when done and full , no mess just tie the handles and you stay clean and fresh ! No poop mess around the bag to deal with . Great product , but why spend on their bags !!!
 This product does exactly what it promises . We have two dogs , and usually carry two `` poop bags '' when we go for walks , as bags alone are n't conducive to more than one use , typically . With the Poop Hound , one bag does the trick no matter how many times they `` go '' when we 're out for a walk !
 Yes , it 's a bit pricey , but cheaper than at Petsmart . It DOES work though , and it 's much easier than scooping and carrying a seperate bag to drop it all in . It * does * use any sort of bag , like grocery bags , so that 's very nice .
 I 've used plenty of different kinds of pooper scoopers , but this is absolutely the best ! I have two lab-mixes and a greyound -- lots of poop -- but clean up is easy and quick with the Poop Hound . I use extra plastic bags from grocery shopping , and never have to even touch the bag after I 've secured it in place ... when it 's full , I pull off the black piece of plastic which holds it in place and release the bag right into the trash can . There is very little bending over , too , which is one of the best features . This is my second one and I gave my used one -LRB- several years old and still working great -RRB- to my neighbor who is still using a shovel ! Ugh . I originally got it at Home Depot , but when I looked to purchase a new one I found they no longer stocked it ! I panicked until I found it online and ordered a new one . I LOVE this product and hope I never have to look for another pooper scooper .
 I really like this scooper . With multiple big dogs in our house you know we have used every scooper out there on the market at some point . I had just gone back to the trusty old bag in a bucket and shovel until this unit came . It 's light weight , super simple one hand operation , gets 100 % of the poop 90 % of the time in a single swipe and I love that I can use the plastic bags from the grocery store trip with it . It 's also made scooping the yard much faster . There is a little trick though - when you squeeze the trigger to close it and sweep the poop into the bag , let go really fast so it sort of throws the poop into the bag - no bits & pieces left over this way . We would totally buy this again . ************* REVIEW UPDATE ONE YEAR UPDATE January 2010 **************** Ok we 've used this pooper scooper for almost a year now and it 's still working just fine with no problems at all . No parts have broken or cracked and I keep it outside full time , rain or shine , freeze or swelter . We scoop almost every single day with multiple large dogs and this scooper is holding it 's own . I just hose it off with the pressure nozzle to clean it after use , prop it against the wall and walk away when I 've finished scooping the yard . Excellent product !
 Hi , I have had this for just over 2 years now , and it still works great . the bag can fill up - but just think if you are using the rake and shovel the shovel fills up really fast and you have to dump it out . so if you have a big dog or a couple dogs you might have to use 2 bags , but since you are using grocery store ones - that you get for free , its not a big deal . I have a beagle , and when i got this she was a puppy - she got ahold of the bag clip when it was outside - and yes she chewed it up . I paid almost 40 for this thing , and so i was mad , but i called the company instead of buying a new one and they sent me a free clip . i didnt pay shipping or anything - so the company is great for replacement.the only reason it doesnt get all 5 stars is your hand can really start to hurt by the end . and My 6 year old who i wanted to start her on helping in the yard is not strong enough to use it .
 We just had a big thaw here in Michigan , revealing a bunch of lovely land mines -LRB- also known as Golden Retriever poop -RRB- throughout my yard . I was dreading the clean up with my standard pooper scooper so I came to Amazon and looked for something better and this is what I found.The Poop Hound works very well . I expected to have a bit more of a hassle coaxing the poop into the bag , but there is enough tension to fling the poop into the bag quite easily.I was also concerned that disposing of the bag would be somewhat unsanitary . But you just unhook the bag clip and the bag falls into the trash . The handle of the clip does n't come into contact with the dog waste and the business end of the clip remains covered by the baggie , so you 're not handling the waste at all.It is super fast . I had about 20 separate land mines picked up in minutes , although I did change baggies in the middle of it . I only did that because I was concerned that the bag might rip open , there was still a lot of room yet.The product itself feels well made and does n't seem apt to break easily . But I 've only had the thing for a few hours so I ca n't testify to that.I do think it 's a little pricy , but with Prime shipping , it was n't bad at all . I would recommend this to anyone with a dog who dislikes dealing with their waste as much as me . Great product !!
 This is actually the second one I have had . I wore the first one out and HAD to get another one because it works so well . I really like how well it works and the fact that I can use plastic sacks from grocery stores , walmart , etc instead of having to buy specific bags for it . If you are looking for something that makes your pooper scooping chore easier this is it . Veterinarian recommended since my wife is a vet .
 Update
 This is an excellent product . Cuts down on the smell because you do n't have to get as close to scoop . Scoop works well except on fresh poop as has been mentioned before . Day old poop does n't break up as easily .
 I bought this for my mother who , because of back surgery , ca n't bend to pick up after her dog . I hoped that this scooper would help her , and it did exactly what it said it would . My mother is able to walk her dog in complete comfort because she does not have to bend at all . When she first got it she had to figure out how to use the bags -LRB- she says that plastic grocery bags work just fine -RRB- , but once she did that it 's been a breeze . Her dog often goes more than once , and she 's able to use one bag for all of it , and then simply dumps it in the trash directly from scooper . We are very happy with the product !
 Hound Dog Products HDP5-4 Poop HoundThe Poop Hound is well made and fairly easy to use , my wife says `` it 's only draw back is that the handle is not long enough '' . Myself I found it to be just right , go figure . The shipping of the Poop Hound was very fast even though I was told it would be a week to 10 days before I would recieve the Poop Hound I actually recieved it in three days time .
 it was not what i was expecting , ... but it is good for what it is designed for
 My mother bought this for me as a non-Christmas gift and I love it . So far it has worked very well . My only complaint is that the bags are small . I have a lot of dogs so we have a lot of poop to clean up . I tried using a plastic grocery bag in place of the bags that go with this and the grocery bag worked really well for us . If you only have a little poop to clean up the small bags that go with it are fine .
 I bought one of these several years ago , and it finally wore out . This product is absoulutely great for that dreaded job of picking up poop from your beloved pets . I do n't know if it 's been improved since I bought the first one , but this one seems to work even better . Great product . I certainly would n't want to do without it !
 As far as pooper scoopers go , this one is very good . Holds up well and does an excellent job without a mess . I highly recommend .
 and she has not complained which means it must be excellent . her hound produces much poo and she has limited mobility and this works well for the task . it utilizes the abundant plastic shopping bags so no cost there .
 Fast shipping , packaging was good . Very easy to use . Picks up easily without hands on intervention . Works well in taller grass -LRB- 4 inches or so ? -RRB- too , you wo n't have a problem with the tines getting stuck in the weeds and grass . It 's so handy to reuse grocery sacks as the refuse container . I have n't had any problems with the bags slipping off when it gets heavier . The only issue I have is that I sometimes will get a blister on my hand when I use a lot at one time . Maybe the handles could be redesigned to be softer and with less friction ?
 I 've used many a Pooper Scoopers , and to date , the Hound Dog HDP5-4 is the best one . This is actually a replacement for one I 've owned for 5 years . I keep it outside in the rain/snow/hail in Texas and it 's never failed me . I can use any shopping bag -LRB- thanks Target ! -RRB- so I 'm not spending extra money . I LOVE THAT I DO N'T HAVE TO LOOK AT POOP ! The only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is because the bag ring on this new one does n't fit as snug as the previous one I owned from 5 years ago -LRB- may have been a small defect -RRB- . This causes the bag to fall after about 5-8 uses . Actually this may be a good thing because now I am forced to dump the used bags out more often . My old one lasted for about 10-15 uses before it got to heavy for the ring and would fall . All in all , this is a great product . Thanks Hound Dog !!!! My Beagle and Cocker Spaniel thank you : -RRB-
 We had an earlier version of the poop hound that we loved . But this one is even better . They changed the design a little . The mess goes right in a bag . All you have to do is find the piles in the yard and squeeze the handle , then when the bag is full dump it in the trash . If you have dog 's then this is the only way to clean up the yard . I highly recommend it .
 I was with my sister in New Orleans when she purchased the Poop Hound . It was so cool that I thought I 'd purchase one to make life a little easier with our 3 dogs.It 's easy to operate , no bending or stooping . No need to scoop into a poop pan then transfer to a bag ; anyway if you have a rake in one hand and a poop pan in another , exactly what are you holding the bag with ???? Keep in mind , you do n't need to purchase special bags , we simply use grocery store bags.With the Poop Hound , you put the bag onto the device -LRB- putting the bag on was a breeze -RRB- , using one hand you can maneuver the device to complete the task.This is probably the most innovative product I 've purchased in the last 10 years.Just for the record , I do not work for this company and have absolute no affiliation with them whatsoever . I 'm simply a satisfied customer .
 I really like the usefulness of this item , makes cleanup really simple and easy ca n't find the bags made by the same people , but you can really use any bag . Keeps me from breaking my back bending over when doing the back yard
 I Ca n't believe I am about to rave over a POOP SCOOPER ! but I have to ! This is one is the BEST , I have two dogs -LRB- I used to have 3 -RRB- any way I am a dog owner for 20yrs so I have seen a lot of the different styles of poop scooping . But never have I been so excited about my purchased as I am with this one . I love it is easy , my hands and clean free , I am not bending I do n't need to purchase special bags , The poop is DISTANT enough from my FACE that I do n't feel exposed to it . & its a snap to clean!Ok so let me explain what I do 1st . I get out 2 store plastic grocery bags the free ones the store puts your food in . 2 . I attach one bag on the poop hound the 2nd bag goes in my pocket -LRB- for later -RRB- My back yard is over an acher long my dogs are large breeds 110lb Rottweiler , 60pd Boxer and I had a 60pd Sheppard mix - these dogs do n't have a certain area so I need to walk the yard . as I do I pick up and continue to walk , pick up more , walk more , walk pick up -LRB- you get it -RRB- any way this item can hold my dogs poop as I am walking and picking up I am NOT changing bags I am still using the same one I had attached . Now I am done I walk to the trash - take out the 2nd clean bag open it and place to DIRTY USED bag inside it using the clean bag to cover my hands as I detach the item then I tie a knot to the clean bag and dump into the trash MY HANDS NEVER TOUCH A THING , the pole was long enough that during my walking I never bent down , the spring was sharp & strong enough to pick up the poop even in the rougher areas of the yard . and the attachment was strong enough to carry the same bag of poop until I was done ! I like this item so much I purchased anther one in case mine breaks 9although I do n't foresee this happening because ITS MADE WELL , I JUST FEAR THAT IT WOULD BE MY LUCK TO FIND A PRODUCT I LIKE AND THEN I CA N'T GET IT AGAIN . my neighbor have seen me use this with ease and have also ordered it they also love the poop hound!Oh by the way clean up is simple I through some bleach on it then wash it down with the hose I do this after each use because I keep it in the garage so it will last longer .
 I have used this scooper for several years now and it works absolutely great . You can use it with one hand and it works with just about any plastic bag . Sure , when the bag gets about half full it will have a tendency to pull loose from the `` clip '' but that really is n't a problem for me . I just pick up poop more often or carry an extra bag or two . I just bought another one because I want to be sure I have an extra in case this one finally breaks , which it is showing no signs of doing after much use these past 4 or 5 years . I was just afraid they might become hard to find and I really do n't think any pooper scooper can compare to this one . I read a review where one person said it does n't work well if the grass is a little high . There is a technique that I use that works well for me and that is `` raking '' the poop several times very quickly . Very easy to remove the bag when full without even remotely getting your hands dirty . I am a person who never writes reviews but I feel so strongly about this product that I decided to write this one .
 I have had a serious back surgery and connot bend or twist . this product has made it possible for me to walk my dog . It has been a wonderful help . Only problem is that the teeth get pretty gross.would recomend it for anyone .
 Serious tool for any dog owner a must have ! Clean and easy no fuss great for lawn or hard surfaces . simple to change bags and no touch system really works well !
 This is a great product for picking up dog poo . I have used this brand for 4 years and think it works well . My only complaint is that the plastic ring broke on my current scooper . But it 's fairly inexpensive and if you only buy one every 4 years or so that 's a pretty good deal .
 After two years , wore the first one out and were very happy to find a replacement on Amazon after striking out at Pets Mart . With two 50-lb dogs , this makes keeping up with the backyard chores a snap . In fact , it 's easy enough that my wife takes care of the cleanup most of the time - does n't get any better than that !
 I purchased this company 's mid pressure misting kit at my local big box member store . It is not the same system pictured here . I am not sure if the components are the same or not , I believe they are . The kit/system I purchased cost more . You can see the kit I purchased at the company 's web site , look for the Orbit/ArizonaMist 3/8 in . cooling system , 100 ' with booster pump , 160psi . For cooling I would rate the system at 4 stars , because when it is 100 degrees outside and the wind is calm it does a good job of cooling off my patio area . Does the system cool 10-20-30 degrees -LRB- not 30 -RRB- ? Yes , 10-20 , IMHO , works best when everything is perfect , the wind , the humidity , etc. . I appreciate any cooling I can get when temperatures are over 90 ; it makes my back yard more enjoyable . The mist does evaporate before it hits the ground , although my glass table top on occasion shows some misting drops if the temperature is below 90 . The system is not difficult to install and the pump is very quiet . I would rate the system at five stars except for a few drawbacks . First and foremost , many of the misting unions leak , of the 17 misting unions/nozzles I have in my system 12 leak . They leak at a rate of one drop per minuet . Not too bad except one is right over my head . The company 's tech support made some suggestions , like push the union together and twist , same as in the directions , but this did n't work . The interesting thing is that none of the -LRB- 4 -RRB- 90 elbows leak . When putting the tubing into the misting union I noticed a couple of the black washers inside the union were out of place . I returned these for new ones . I suspect there is a manufacturing problem with these unions as some leak and others do not . I doubt the leaking is from faulty installation as I took much care to make sure the tubes were fully inserted into each union.When you turn on the pump there is a noticeable difference/increase in the amount of mist you get from regular water pressure . I gather this is because of the misting nozzle orifice and 160 PSI . Overall and for the price I am happy with the system . I have used it for about three weeks now and none of the misting nozzles have plugged or failed . I added a micro filter that the manual recommended , not included in the kit , this costs about $ 10 . When I turn off the system no water drips from the misting nozzles as the water drains from a special release valve - works great . You can get parts for this system at some of the major hardware stores or Amzaon . I did buy a few more misting unions/nozzles , elbows , micro filter , and tubing . I bought some `` universal '' 4 '' flexible nozzle extensions -LRB- they 're from Orbit -RRB- . I could n't find any indication if these would/wouldn ' t work with a 160 PSI system . Well they do n't , they fly apart after a few minuets and I could n't find some of the misting heads as they are now in the lawn . I added these because some of the preset 2 ' intervals came too close to parts of my patio cover . This caused the mist/water to accumulate and drip frequently . Adding these 4 '' extensions to the system corrected my problem . Needing to make these extensions work I used some wires twisted around the nozzles to prevent they from flying off , it worked . I like the misting system/idea a lot and wonder how much better the more expensive high pressure systems would work ?? However , the high pressure systems cost about five times more . A couple friends tried the low pressure systems and did n't care for them and they dripped or stopped working , many reviews seem to report similar problems . Then again some people loved them . I hope this review and story helps you as I could n't find much on the net about personal experience with these misting systems .7 / 27/09 UpdateI have been using the misting system for over a month now and am very happy with it given the cost . We have had several days with temperatures over 100 and the cooling/misting has been much appreciated . Most importantly many of the system unions stopped leaking !! I would have to upgrade my review to 4.5 stars . There are still some that leak , but about half stopped leaking . Please keep in mind the leaking is only a few drops of water every min or two , maybe I 'm too picky , but the dripping is not expected or as promised by the manufacturer . Overall this system has definitely been worth it . Side note , if I use the system without the 160PSI pump , just home water pressure , there is a noticeable difference in the mist/fog . IMHO it would not be worth it . My home water pressure is about 40PSI . The system is cool gadget -LRB- cool ' -RRB- and it makes our backyard more enjoyable . Friends that have seen this system said they are going to install one in their backyard.Not part of the review ... I was disappointed to see that someone put in the effort to state '' ... sorry but this review is stupid ... '' I am not sure what to think about this comment ? Why be sorry ? Take the time to word your comment in a constructive manor and do n't resort to name calling . I put this review here because I hoped that other people would appreciate this review . I state up front this in not the same and I believe the components are the same , but I am not sure , I am not a pro . I found the closest product on Amazon to mine a placed the review . I guess I should delete the whole thing ? Sorry .5 / 8/2012 update
 I own the 3/8 '' Pro kit with a booster pump . It was simple to install and has worked as expected.I had to adjust the connections to control some dripping , and replaced some of the nozzles fairly quickly.I started with the basic kit , then added another line for better coverage . I would recommend the pump to improve satisfaction with the mist/droplet size.The wind is a factor for this type of system , do n't expect much from it on windy days .
 i suppose i am lucky i didnt read those negative reviews , i bought this mister mostly for my dogs kennel . we have had 108 degrees temps . this mister keeps him cooler . it helps keep the south side of my house cool . i am ordering extension kits !!! i think this product does exactly what it says . .
 Despite the oven-like Texas heat , the frozen t-shirts just were n't consistently effective while sitting on the patio to enjoy my indoor-prohibited cigars while writing the Rose Petals and Gun Powder Punk Noir novels . My wife and I bought the misting kit and I set about installing it the first night . Instructions were fairly discernible but failed to mention the spring-mounted ball in the auto-drain device . I opened the package and saw something hit the carpet , but it was so tiny I lost it in the carpet fibers , not knowing what it was to begin with.After getting everything mounted for a trial run , the ` self closing ' auto-drain shot a forty foot geyser across the lawn , hitting the back fence ! While the misting nozzles worked as described , I deemed the inordinate amount of water being wasted to be terribly wrong when the line pressurized and did n't close the drain valve.With some trial and error , I finally succumbed to disassembling the drain and found one of my wife 's craft beads suitable to fitting in the screw-in drain , then hit it with a little dab of superglue to close the auto-drain geyser hole . After pressurizing the line , I then got the four foot mists from each nozzle , and screwed a garden variety spray gun with squeeze handle onto the black plastic T-pipe -LRB- included with the kit -RRB- to use as a drain when I turned off the water at the spigot . I think an additional misting nozzle would serve better than the auto-drain unless something were written into the instructions about the importance of that little ball.My results
 I purchased this item to cool down my patio . It was easy to install and works very well . I have already recommended this product to others .
 System works fine . It does the job . Have about 80 feet of hose connected with 18 mist nozzles . For the most part they all have a minor leak . I just installed them 3 days ago on 06/01/12 . The only one that does not leak is the coupler . Other than that it keeps me cool here in the Coachella Valley Desert . I do not have a pressure booster since I believe my water pressure is sufficient .
 Once I finally got it all up and running , this product is great . Even without the booster pump it sends enough cool mist around my front porch . My problem was the end plug ~ it would n't stay on , so I had to resort to a brass 1/4 '' barb x 1/4 '' FIP fitting . Clamped it on with a 1/4 '' brass plug and we 're good to go for hardly more than 2 more dollars . I was kinda proud of my inginuity being a girl and all . Just made sure the connections were pushed in and screwed on tight so nothing leaked , and it does n't . Since no one else mentioned the end plug issue , this one may 've been defective . You know how Chinese manufacturing can go sometimes . -LRB- just kidding ~ especially if you 're reading this and you 're Chinese . -RRB- lol
 This kit is easy to put together , although getting the tubing to seat well in the brass fittings takes a little practice . Once you get that right , it does n't leak at all.The ad is misleading , however . You get 6 brass Tee fittings , but only 5 misting nozzles . One Tee fitting is to be used for the drain valve , so if you start to assemble before realizing this , you 'd end up with the drain valve in line with the mist nozzles . Plus , you get an extra 2 ft. section of tubing but no fitting or nozzle for it.When you add that up , you 've only got 8 feet of mist curtain . I used the extra 2 ft. section at the bottom of the supply line , to install the drain valve . That was better than cutting the supply line as instructed.I am very happy with the quality of this product and will be buying an extension kit at some point .
 I was n't sure what to expect until the system was in place and running - the cooling turned out to be better than I 'd hoped for . Please keep in mind that this is not going to replace sitting in an air-conditioned room and I highly doubt this 5 nozzle system is going to achieve a 20-degree advertised temperature drop on most days -LRB- unless it is setup in a circle with a light breeze blowing , AND you stand in the center of that circle -RRB- . That being said , it still feels great because any cooling is better than nothing when you 're standing or sitting in the sun.One of the pros is the small droplet size created by these nozzles . The smaller the drop , the faster the evaporation ; therefore , the more effective the cooling . Keep that in mind if you 're in an area with a great deal of high humidity . A really hot day in the Florida panhandle is not going to see much relief from one of these . The small droplet size is also a disadvantage in respect to wind . The water comes out like a heavy steam that the wind can blow away very easily . If the wind is keeping the spray off of you , chances are it -LRB- the wind -RRB- is keeping you cool and evaporating the water that did make it . In that instance , just leave the system running and enjoy it when the wind is n't blowing - you 're only using 2.5 gallons per hour -LRB- all 5 nozzles -RRB- . -LRB- Even with a flow restrictor in your bathroom shower head , you use that much water every minute -RRB- Setup was simple . My first recommendation is to run some free flowing water through everything for about 30 seconds with no nozzles just to flush out any manufacturing debris that can clog the nozzles.For reference , I have a very small uncovered back deck -LRB- 10 ' x 11 ' -RRB- . I 'm using all 5 nozzles in a straight line along one of the 10 ' sides of the porch . They are hanging from my gutter -LRB- using Christmas decoration gutter hangers -RRB- at a height of 7.5 feet . With no booster pump , I 'm getting adequate coverage of about 60 % of the deck -LRB- the water is actually reaching more than 80 % -RRB- . Yes , there have been some minor leaks -LRB- drips -RRB- from two of the nozzles that were easily remedied . Yes , it does help to `` push and twist '' the tubing into each fitting . The second recommendation I have is to make sure the end of the tube is smooth and has a flat cut , then use a little water inside the fitting . The water will help lubricate the tube and o-ring inside the fitting , helping the o-ring maintain its position . Push-to-lock fittings are notorious for leaking when an o-ring `` rolls '' as the tubing is inserted . Keeping the o-ring from rolling and giving it a smooth seating surface is a surefire way to eliminate any drips.Please do n't read into this review as critical and disappointing - I am very happy with my purchase and plan on adding a second extension to the opposite side of my deck for full coverage . For those of you who are DIY-ers out there and like to customize things , Orbit offers these kits in 1/4 '' and 1/2 '' as well . The nozzle threads are more commonly referred to as # 10-24 thread pitch . For valves and fittings that do not come with this kit , your local home improvement store has an adequate selection of push-to-lock hardware -LRB- often times cheaper than Amazon -RRB- that can help you do exactly what you want to do with this system.Shoot me a follow-up with questions if you need to know anything else .
 Okay so this works just fine , but it does get everything wet , no matter how low I turn it on . I wish I had anticipated this before I installed it . Now I want to move it farther out on my overhanging arbor on my deck . I will need to take it all down and move it at least 1-3ft further away from the deck and built in bench seating or they will get soaked in no time at all . I also need some extension hose . I went to Lowe 's looking for solutions and was ready to buy the very expensive high pressure pvc that comes with the unit , but it is totally no where near long enough for any one to use without purchasing more hose . Lowe 's had a white high pressure pvc or some kind of hard plastic that was the same size around and was only pennies a foot . It works great . Now I need to take the system down , put it farther out on the arbor beams and find something that will hold the white extension hose in place . They are not leaking but even on low they put out a lot of mist . I do not need any kind of additional pump . My deck is about 15 x 25 . The back of the deck is a storage box and my grill so I only need the mist on the first part of the 25 foot length going horizontal.If you are looking at this , it was worth it , but I did n't need the additional nozzles I bought , because they are not the full brass extension pieces that I thought they were . I did n't know enough about the system and so I add them to my order . It is not worth it to ship them back because Amazon would then charge me for the previously `` free shipping '' I 've had similar problems with `` free shipping '' and not being satisfied . I wish Amazon was more like Zappos !
 Very happy to have been able to find this product thru amazon , the summer on my terrace should be cooler !
 I purchased this product to mist on my back deck . I have a wooden pergola and overall I am pleased with the product . However , there is NO WAY to use the product straight out of the box as is . They sent 10 feet of 3/8 tubing . Seems to make not sense to me that they would ship like that . What is the point of the tubing being so short ? I went to my local hardware store and purchased some 3/8 in tubing 20 feet for 4 bucks and a couple of 90 degree connectors to get the water where I needed it . My hose is literally 1 foot from my deck so my set up should have been perfect . The system works , it does leak , I am going to take it apart again and see if I can fix the leaks . I have a couple of mister nozzles that drip so bad that they look like they are sputtering because the drip rolls back into the mister nozzle . And , YES I INSERTED AND TWISTED AND FOLLOWED DIRECTIONS exactly as written.All in all , it does work and my wife is happy . The drips do n't bother her as much as they do me ... I 'd just like it to mist ... and not drip.I am going to re-route mine , headed back to the hardware store for more tubing and more connections.Oh , I did purchase the pump . I ran it first without and then connected it as well . Our water pressure was enough to provide a good mist , but the pump really improves the product . And , one person had reviewed the pump and said it was `` fairly quiet '' ... I would call it whisper quiet . I wish I had known how quiet it would have been because i went to some length to sort of `` hide '' my pump . I think i could have put the pump right on one of my support poles on the deck and no one would know it 's there.Thanks .
 For the money , this was a terrific value . Easy to put together and hang , helped us survive a 95 + degree day for our outdoor BBQ without anyone fainting - lol ! Highly recommend if you need to cool off your outdoor patio area .
 If you have unions that have rubber o-rings I would suggest using either water-proof plumber 's grease , or better yet , silicone grease on the extension before inserting . This should prevent the o-rings from deforming and provide a better seal . I have n't received my system yet so I ca n't say that the extensions wo n't come out under high pressure - that is a possibility - but it 's a simple fix which can be reversed . Alternatively , if the system is `` permanent '' , get some PVC cement , used to install PVC plumbing pipes . Apply it liberally to the ends of the extensions -LRB- just the length that fit inside the unions -RRB- and keep the cement away from the very ends . Then , insert them into the unions and give them a quarter twist -- MAKING SURE OF THE ORIENTATION , as you only have about 5 seconds and only one try . Allow this to set overnight . This is a guaranteed fix but it is not reversible . If you do need to make any changes , you can cut a piece out of the extensions and join the ends with a coupling that does not have a mister tee - this to move the misters closer together . Do the same and add an extension -LRB- or piece of extension -RRB- using two couplings -- to move the misters apart .
 This misting system was easy to install and works great ! We bought a second one to extend along our patio ! Highly recommend .
 This outdoor fireplace is terrific . It not only looks good and is large and substantial , but it works great too , giving off a lot of heat but staying cool to the touch on the screen -LRB- to add more wood or to stoke the fire -RRB- . It is very well made and even though it says not for use on a wood deck , it does not get hot anywhere near the bottom - so it works great on our deck and with the screens is very safe . We love it ! The only problem was the instruction sheet for assembling it . Terrible-it has you putting it together backwards ! Other than that , we had shopped for one of these all over LA and this one was certainly the best buy , even with the shipping charges . We highly recommend it .
 I bought this last year and it has held up well . the mesh screen has a bit of rust on it but I try to keep it covered with a tarp . The drawers are nice for throwing out ashes and it fits decent size logs .
 Durable , rust-free porcelain finish ... where ? We received this fireplace as a Christmas present from my parents . After having used it a few times , the finish has burned off and now it has rusted in a few areas . Target is supposed to carry a cover for this but I have yet to find one in stock . We still enjoy it , however , it is not as pretty . Maybe Target should change the description or include a cover with the fireplace .
 I actually bought this at my local Target store for my husband for Christmas -LRB- our neighborhood is big on fires -RRB- . It weighs a TON . Someone else said the ash drawer was too small - we empty it every time we use it and have n't had any issues . The removable side screens are nice , however they 've rusted really badly in less than a year -LRB- it 's an outdoor fire place - so yes , it stays outside -RRB- . The rust is really the only major drawback . Keep in mind that if you put the screens on after lighting the fire ... they 're going to get hot . Logical , but I 've had guests grab them to throw more wood in ... we love the look of it and it 's very stable . This weekend I 'm going to scrub down the screens , ospho them and paint them with black engine -LRB- high heat -RRB- paint and see if it lasts any longer than the original finish .
 When we decided to purchase an outdoor fireplace for our patio we looked all over . We specifically wanted a fireplace that was open on all sides so more than 2 people could enjoy it , removable side panels so we could basically open it up and have a non-enclosed fire if we felt like it -LRB- and to toast marshmellows ! -RRB- , a large enough base to hold enough standard sized firewood , and a removable ash tray for easy clean up . After searching through stores at every price range we ended up buying this fireplace - the first one we looked at.It did take a little bit of time to put this together as the instructions were not totally clear . It was basically a picture indicating the general direction things were supposed to go with no written steps or pointers.We have built many fires in this and are VERY pleased . The screens are easily removable to add more wood . The handles do get hot so we keep something on hand to open it with . In my experience with this , the base DOES NOT GET HOT as another reviewer complained about . I often rest my bare feet on it with no problem . As someone else mentioned , the smoke does blow out of the sides since they are not enclosed . Since that is typical of most fires we are not concerned with this.After it sitting outside in the elements for 4 months , I have noticed that the log holder inside the fireplace has a few areas of rust however , while looking some of the pricest models we saw were covered in rust from being displayed outside . I have no problem spraying the rack with a high temperature anti-rust paint once a year.Overall , we LOVE THIS FIREPLACE !! Enjoy your starry nights and blazing fireplace ! - Oh , and could you make a s ` more for me too ?!
 Regarding the problem of not being able to use the fireplace on deck ... I had a similar problem with my chimnea and I found an asbestos mat at a home store that solved the fire hazzard . Check around or do a google before you give up .
 I recieved this as a Christmas gift . It took me a whole 20 minutes to put together ! I have left it outside -LRB- without the cover on it -RRB- It was under snow on our patio , I brushed it off and started a fire while I shoveled off the patio . I have not seen any rust of any sort . I also want to know about the person who said it blew smoke all over ? Hello ! It is a firepit , opened on all sides ! I have had other firepits , and this one is excellent in every way ! My family and I have enjoyed may fires with this one . As for the instructions , Read the instructions , and follow the pictures , We all learned that in elementary school !!
 We purchased this fireplace two weeks ago and have used it every night since -- it 's great !! We were going to get a smaller less expensive one but splurged -- I am so glad that we did ! Low maintenance and easy to clean . Functional as well as aesthetically pleasing , what more could you ask for ? Our 3 year old loves to watch me ` feed the fire ' so that he can toast marshmallows . The only negative thing that I can say about this fireplace is that after we opened the box the opening instruction sheet was lying on top with the assembly instructions . Not that it mattered anyhow , Opening a box is not THAT big a chore ! Buy this fireplace -- you wo n't be disappointed !
 Length :
 Very reluctant to try this thing . I thought of all the altenatives that you 're probably thinking about . I could n't come up with a really cost effective way of aerating the lawn -LRB- 1/3 acre -RRB- until I saw this thing . Well , I can tell you that if you have tough soil like me , wait until your lawn is moist and it will work like a dream . Simply hold it under your foot and walk while you hold it . You can actually cover more ground than you think fairly quickly . It does a good job of pulling out a plug around 3/4 inch in diameter and 2 or 3 inches long . That 's really what your lawn needs-not just spikes , which close up very quickly . When I 'm finished , I just run a piece of wire hanger through it to clean it out . If you need to aerate your lawn-I recommend this tool wholeheartedly .
 One of the cylinders on my product constantly jammed -LRB- perhaps due to being dulled by hitting a root , or simply being inadequate from the start -RRB- . I informed the company , and they kindly and quickly replaced the product with one that functioned perfectly . As other reviews say , it is a manual labor job which takes time to complete a mid to large yard -LRB- perfect for my small yard -RRB- , but it works as promised , and the company was very friendly and responsive via e-mail . Make sure your soil is nice and moist -LRB- as other reviews advise -RRB- , but not soaked .
 This product worked well for me . It was a good amount of manual labor on my part , but worth it . My yard looks great and you can tell the aeration helped compared to last year . A friend of mine got a different brand that had a better -LRB- softer -RRB- handle . But it had a single post down the middle instead of two . This one is alot better to use than that one cause you knee does n't hit the middle every time you step . Make sure to have gloves and maybe a piece of foam . Your hands do get sore after a while . Also , it does take a while but you do get into a groove . -LRB- Make sure you wet your lawn down really good the night before you use it -RRB- .
 This aerator works really well because you can step on the bar in the middle without hitting your knee . Some aerators do not have enough space to easily step in the center . If you need to aerate your lawn -LRB- and we really did -RRB- , this is a great product . It also helps with dethatching .
 I only needed to aerate a 40 ' x 3 ' strip of grass . This little device did as good a job as a power core aerator for less than it would have cost to rent one and does n't need petrol . Of course I now have a tool I can use year after year for this annual maintenance and it takes very little space to store . It is sturdily built and should last for years .
 I 'm very pleased with both the price and the performance of this aerator . My builder did n't put topsoil down before laying sod so there are a lot stones a few inches below the lawn . This baby did n't bend , break , or get damaged in any way even in these demanding conditions ... I 'm impressed . I would recommend this product to anyone who does n't mind the effort and sweat necessary to use a manual aerator .
 I found the Hound Dog easy to use . It is easiest to use when the ground is moist . We have a large yard so I did a small section each morning until the entire yard was aerated . We started to notice improvements in our lawn 's appearance within a few weeks . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I had my doubts about whether this would work , given that the soil in Colorado is very tough clay . Well , I actually had fun aerating my lawn with it this afternoon . I was able to get about 600 sq ft done in a little over an hour . It was easy to use , just step and pull , the plugs come right out as you step the next time . I liked the wide step area - sometimes it was easier to go in on one side , and rotate the other side in rather than going straight down . I also liked that it actually does pull out soil plugs , rather than just poking holes in the lawn -LRB- which I understand is less effective -RRB- . It was kind of drizzly today - so not soaking wet , but definitely moist soil . Trying to aerate with dry clay would not have been fun . I kind of got into a rhythm after a while , and it was not hard work . Just required a little patience . I do n't think this would be good for huge lawns - our patch is fairly small -LRB- because we like having less lawn work to do generally -RRB- . But for small lawns , it sure beats paying someone to do it ! Very happy with the product -LRB- actually pleasantly surprised by how well it worked -RRB- , and would recommend .
 Very durable product , works well . I 'm tall , 6 ' 3 '' and it would be great if they had the product in an extra long version . It 's relaxing to use it just takes time to get the yard finished . We do n't have a huge yard so it its not to bad .
 Our lawn is around 10 years old and has always had brownish areas in the summer . Occasionally in the past I would go out and use a pitchfork to `` aerate '' the soil , but after learning that poking holes only compresses the root system , I decided to try this core aerator out instead . For preparation , I cut the grass shorter than usual , set the sprinklers to run each night for almost a week , and worked on the lawn on a cool and cloudy Sunday morning.Right out of the -LRB- overly large -RRB- box , I was a little disappointed with the look of the Hound Dog . It seemed quite small compared to the other garden tools we have , but once I got going with it , I found that its design works well . It was hard to get through some areas -LRB- especially the dry patches , where I had to hit the foot bar with a mallet to get the diggers in all the way -RRB- , but once I got into a rhythm I was able to get down most of the lines without much trouble . I was able to do our entire front lawn in 2 hours -LRB- followed by spreads of seed , fertilizer and some leftover garden soil -RRB- ... not sure what the square footage is , but it 's a pretty average size -LRB- see the picture I posted -RRB- . After all this , I really have the feeling that it 's going to come back strong in the next month or so.Some notes : - As others have mentioned , occasionally the core diggers will get clogged . This seemed to occur more often where the soil was dry and/or the tall grass got stuck in the bottom of the tubes . It 's not a big deal , as turning the Dog over and pushing the clog through with a screwdriver is simple enough , but I did have to do this a half dozen times . Next time I 'll remember to saturate the dry patches with a hose the night before I aerate.-I wish the Dog had some sort of rubber padding on the top part of the handle . Holding it as you push down is n't so much a problem as having to pull it back up over and over . I use my hands quite a bit but still had redness and blisters after using it , and had to stop a few times during the task to flex them -LRB- and to take a break -RRB- . I used a piece of foam as makeshift padding , but thick gloves would be a better option . Also , when I hit parts of dry soil/rock , the whole tool shifted and hit the side of my knee , so I 'd recommend wearing pads there too.Despite its looks , the Hound Dog worked pretty well , and given the right preparation beforehand , should allow for a fast and painless way to aerate your yard.EDIT
 Works good and works you . It 's a little hard to remember where you are sometimes , so I used 2 bricks -LRB- 1 at each end of the lawn -RRB- to set a sight line . Great price , but a little time consuming .
 I 've used the Hound Dog ground aerator on my front lawn with satisfactory results . It does it 's job as described . It was fairly easy to maneuver and use , driving the tool into the ground with my weight by stepping on the cross plate . It makes a wider hole and gets deeper into the ground allowing for deeper water absorption than the aerator shoes which I have seen advertised . It 's a good non-motorized basic tool for small lawns .
 First off , my yard is has a very high percentage of sand so I was hoping this product would work well for me as the lawn I inherited when I bought my house two years ago is very very compacted . So far I have done half my yard and I am completely happy with this product . As a professional geologist I would not recomend this product for clay based soils , I have not tried it out on that soil type but my experience playing in the dirt tells me it would very frustrating and the cores would never eject . As for sandy soils such as mine it ejects the cores just fine . I am very glad I purchased this product .
 Have seen a significant improvement to the lawn since I started aerating with this device . Only advice I can give is to make sure the ground is moist to use this aerator .
 I 've never aerated my yard because it is just too small to be worth renting a machine , etc. . This little tool does the job and does it well . Highly recommend it . Easy to use , all you do is step on it and plugs come up . All the garden books state that aerating with plugs -LRB- not just holes as in made with spikes -RRB- is the first step to a healthy lawn . After planting seed i 'm looking forward to seeing what it looks like next Spring .
 This aerator works as promised . But be ready for a tough workout cuz this thing ai n't motorized . My legs hurt , my butt hurts , my back hurts . Even wearing gloves gave me blisters on my palms . You have to really kick it to get a full core out in less than soft soil . Maybe if you 're 250lbs + it 'll work better for you.I first aerated back in March and my lawn looked great . Greener with less thatch and I finally got rid of my moss problem -LRB- I think -RRB- . Do I recommend it ? Hmmm ... if you think of this tool as a great way to get a workout and take care of your yard , then definitely yes . For me this fall , I 'm thinking of hiring those lawn care guys that hangs their flyers on your front door and they can use their expensive machine and aerate for 50 bucks .
 If you use the Dog on solid , dry soil -LRB- not damp or wet -RRB- , the plugs will feed through nicely.I suggest you stop immediately if plugs clog the openings , and wait for a dry spell . Soil composition is everything to successful use . Do n't force it.I aerated my front yard , about 600 sq. ft. , in an hour . When plugs were stubborn , I flipped the Dog over and tapped the handle on concrete . The holes cleared in seconds.By keeping my foot on the cross bar while lifting the Dog after each punch , I was able to `` walk '' a route of 6 '' - spaced holes at a good pace.I 'm not convinced that plug aeration does much good , but I wanted to give it a try . This gadget is now part of my Green lawn-keeping tool set .
 I have soil that is partially clay . This aerator does the job just fine , but using the tool is work . I have about a half an acre and it took me about 4 hours to complete .
 We bought this aerator for our medium sized lawn . It was not difficult using it when the lawn is perfectly moist -LRB- not overly watered -RRB- . I removed the plugs of soil from the lawn and waiting to see the results of aeration .
 Rather than spend the same amount of money to have someone aerate my lawn , this will pay for itself . It gives you a nice little workout and I 'm able to aerate my medium/smallish front lawn in about an hour.It 's easy to use and a little fun too .
 I have a small 14 ' x 24 ' grassy area in my desert landscape in AZ. . The dirt gets compacted and hard . This little tool is just the thing to keep my grassy area looking top notch . It is n't difficult to use . Just step on it and pull out the plugs . It did clog a couple of times but the clog was easily removed with a dowel rod . In about 2 wks I started noticing a big difference in the color and thickness of my grass . The aerator is a manual tool so it does involve some effort to use . It requires more energy than sitting on the sofa watching TV ! It took about an hr and a half to do my lawn . I love the little tool . It is heavy duty , just the right size and easy to hang out of the way in my garage . Thanks Hound Dog for a simple answer to my little problem.Hound Dog Products HDP3-8 Turf Hound Aerator
 It works , 2 plugs at a time . the only thing is the soil has to be at a certain softness to penetrate and not too soft or it gets plugged , So this might take some experimenting with your lawn . It is handy and easy to store .
 I 've used the Hound Dog ground aerator on my front lawn with satisfactory results . It does it 's job as described . It was fairly easy to maneuver and use , driving the tool into the ground with my weight by stepping on the cross plate . It makes a wider hole and gets deeper into the ground allowing for deeper water absorption than the aerator shoes which I have seen advertised . It 's a good non-motorized basic tool for small lawns .
 I was worried because we live in the desert and I was affraid that the soil would be too hard . This really works ! We do n't have much lawn , so this is perfect . It was easy to use , and the plugs all pop out of the top . My kids love it . It 's sturdy and I 'm so glad I got it , I 'd buy one again !
 This turf hound works pretty good.The only problems i had was when using it on hard soil-the dirt and grass gets plugged up in the tubes ... Keep a long screw driver handy to un-plug them.It did work really good on medium hard to soft soils .
 I was skeptical when i bought this but , WOW , it work 's ! I was able to do all the areas the big machine could ` nt get to and add holes to problem areas . It was a great purchase .
 I used my Turf Hound Aerator for the first time last Spring . Since I have shallow top soil with compacted , clay soil beneath , I am using it again this Fall . My experience was similar to other reviewers
 I have a small yard in Phoenix and one of those rental motorized aerators does n't make sense . So , I ordered this product after reading the reviews figuring it was n't too expensive and I would n't be terribly disappointed if it did n't work . I must say I was pleasantly surprised . But , as one of the other reviewers mentions , it works best with the right lawn conditions -LRB- i.e. not too moist and not too dry -RRB- . If the ground is too hard , it 's hard to penetrate the surface and get a good plug . If the ground is too wet , the plugs seem to get stuck in the aerating tubes . I 've found that the third day after a watering is the best for my lawn . But each person may have to find the right time depending on the soil conditions and how much they are watering . After I found the right conditions , I finished my lawn in about two hours over a couple of days . When you have the right conditions , you can get a rhythm going - on each presentation , the tubes penetrate the lawn and the plugs from the previous penetration -LRB- s -RRB- pop easily out of the top of the tubes .
 Built good ! I was concerned it might not be heavy duty enough , but has strong welds and the piping is thick and strong enough that I am not worried about it breaking or bending . I weigh about 185 and probably just heavy enough to get it to sink all the way.After 10 mins of aerating , its a bit of a workout . Cleans out pretty easily . Recommend this little guy for small -LRB- er -RRB- areas .
 After realizing that I would have to rent a truck in addition to the mechanical aerator I looked to see if there was a suitable alternative and came across this item . I 'll keep it brief . It works well if you apply even pressure and head the warning not to use in moist soil . It made from heavy gauge steel and the welds around the tubes appear to be hand done . I examined several before I found one that had a consistent weld bead around the top and bottom of each tube i.e. no welding slag . Overall I 'm very satisfied with this tool .
 pretty good little tool . my sprinkler system is rather shallow -LRB- due to our rocky soil -RRB- , so a motorized aerator was not an option . -LRB- besides , they are quite heavy & difficult to navigate -RRB- . the Hound Dog is a good tool for a smaller yard . one caveat
 Pretty easy to use . I had some difficulty with one side getting plugged more frequently than the other . It could have been because my soil was too moist . Make sure to clean out plugs when they occur otherwise you 'll pack it in , making it very difficult to get out .
 Received the Turf Hound Aerator 13 May 2010 and tried it the same day . The product works exactly as described . Excellent for those brown patches that I have dealt with for a few summers now . No matter how much water or fertilizer I applied , nothing worked . About a week or two ago a guy at work recommended that I use a bow rake to poke holes in those spots . There was improvement , but I 'm sure the coring aerator will provide much better results . I never realized that all I needed to do was aerate my lawn . Thanks Hound Dog/True Temper for a great product.UPDATE
 The Turf Hound Plug Aerator works just as advertised . It is sturdy , strong , and pulls plugs cleanly from the lawn . Each plug is a good 3-3 1/2 inches long and allows me to see the condition of the subsoil . Within a week I could see the improved effect aerating gives after watering .
 If you are a do it yourself type person . This is for you . It works well for a small yard . The holes tend toget clogged up from time to time . Roots get impacted and you have to stop and clean it out . Can get a littlefrustrating .
 First ... my Hound Dog arrived super fast . Thanks Amazon ! I unwrapped it right away and went to town , aerated two parts of my lawn that the grass was going brown -LRB- in an otherwise lush field of green -RRB- . It has been just over 2 weeks and there is a vast improvement in those areas . YAY ! 2 complaints ... it is a pretty hard job . The reviews said to do it when the lawn was n't wet or dry but somewhere in the middle . Done . Still , I had to stomp on the `` DAWG '' with all my weight and still found it very difficult to get very deep into the ground . I developed a technique of swaying back and forth which required a lot of balance and sort of felt like a not-so-fun pogo stick . Then once I got the hang of that , one of the sides became plugged . It took lots of creativity and patience to unclog it.In short , I love the results but the application was a little more than I expected . Doing an entire lawn would be ridiculous but it 's great for those dry spots without investing or renting another piece of gas powered equipment .
 The Hound Dog turf Aerator #HDP 3-8 is sturdy and easy to use as opposed to the single handled brands . Of course it helps it the lawn/soil is wet before tackling the job . Price is also great ! I would greatly recommend this product .
 My Turf Hound Aerator was purchased in Feb. 2008 . I waited until after the rainy season to aerate my lawns in April and May . Very easy to use
 This plug aerator works by `` pushing '' a plug out throught the top of a cylindrical tube located on either side of the step plate on the bottom . a well thought out design , the loop handle allows your knee to be above the push plate , making it easy to step on the device with enough force to cause the plug to push another through the tube . Although designed for a small space , I plan to use it to aerate my 7,000 square foot lawn this summer . My wife thinks I 'm nuts , but it 's good exercise , and the lawn gets aerated . It 's sturdy without being heavy , will probably last forever -LRB- or at least longer than I 'll be using it -RRB- .
 Hound Dog products I 've used seem to be great . I have the flat faced shovel and the weed hound in addition to the core aerator . Making plugs is nice and easy . The limiting factor is how hard or rocky your soil is . It is best to do the coring when the soil is moist , otherwise the effort goes up.The 2-core aerator can easily do trouble spots and also small areas that commercial plug aerators can not access . It seems to be well made and works very well .
 The Hound Dog turf aerator is very simple to use . You can practically walk with it held in your hands and a foot on the hound dog and cover a large area rather quickly . The only problem I found was roots . Roots can clog it up very easily , tree roots that is . Keep a half inch stick handy to unclog it . I doubt it will ever wear out.JL
 I purchased the turf hound because I wanted the convenience of a core aereator for trouble spots or to do my whole lawn without renting or buying a power aereator . . The soil needs to be a little wet -LRB- not soaked -RRB- and it works great . I was a little concerned about how much effort would be required - no problem .
 I purchased this product to aerate my lawn at my convenience and for it 's size . Small fits anywhere in my shed and very light ... I hated having to rent those big gas aerators twice a year . I 've aerated my lawn twice and had my daughter do it once as well . It is a good workout ... which I enjoy , and I 'm saving money on those gas contraptions . The aerator works best if you lean left and right as you step down , and the clay plugs that come out seem to already help my thatch . Also , make sure you work with this device after a good rain , it helps when the soil is wet .
 In my townhouse 's small backyard , I needed to aerate the heavily compacted soil on the cheap . This tool is so simple , sturdy , and just plain perfect for the smaller yard I have . Make sure the soil is a little moist -LRB- not wet -RRB- before using to let this job go really quickly .
 Very sturdy , solid steel . Heavy Duty but not heavy . This tool will easily out live me . Easy to use . Cores pop right out of the top and the tapered core tube did n't allow anything to get stuck inside . You would n't want to do a large area with any hand held aerator but the convenience of having one for high traffic or other problem areas is very satisfying . A great value .
 My lawn was not well thought out by the developers of my neighborhood , and as a result there is a lot of hard soil underneath my lawn . After using this product , I have found that my lawn is growing much better in the areas I used it . Sometimes the dirt is too hard to push through , but after the soil has been adequately moistened , it works great . I think it is well worth the money .
 The product worked just as I 'd hoped . My yard is full of superficial tree roots and I did n't know how I could aerate with a machine -LRB- besides , when my neighbors rented an aerator , I found the machine was too heavy for me to handle by myself -RRB- . The product was easy to use and I was able to do my whole front lawn more quickly and with less fatigue than I 'd expected . The advice about making sure the soil is neither too wet nor too dry was helpful .
 It makes nice plugs . I wish it had more than 2 holes . But I need the extra exercise .
 The product does exactly what it claims . I would highly recommend especially for small areas . Could be used for the whole yard , however as you would expect , a large project would take quite a bit of time with this aerator . Great product and does a really good job .
 It 's very good product if you learn how to use it and when to use it .
 Like many people who are probably looking at this review now , I wanted to aerate my lawn without spending tons of money . To rent a good core aerator in my neighborhood is around $ 150 per day . This was obviously significantly cheaper , and you can use it as much as you want . I opted for these over the spiked shoes or similar products , as our lawn is used a lot -LRB- high traffic -RRB- , and has undergone a lot of compaction.Obviously , the main drawback is the time . My strategy was to take aerate in sections , a little bit at a time . So far I am satisfied with the results , but its taking more time than I would like . It would have been helpful if they could have designed something like this with some more spikes than just two , but I did n't find any in my search.I also tested it on clay . Its not terrible when you modify the directions . After inserting the thing into the ground , i shake out the plugs . Again , it takes even more time , but you wo n't have to stop and clean it out.Bottom line
 While the overall size is n't that impressive the Poolmaster Black Magic Vacuum does an excellent job . It picks up leaves and dirt with little effort and even picked up some smalll rocks that found their way into the pool . I would highly recommend this product .
 I 'm very pleased with the way this has worked for us . We have one of those intex pop-up pools and I was looking for a vac that did n't need to use the pool 's pump system , since it 's really a weak system to begin with . I liked that this one works with just your garden hose . It 's so easy to use . I just glide it over the bottom of the pool and it picks up everything and catches it in the mesh bag . Removing the bag to dump the debris is easy and I can just hose out the bag and it 's ready to go again . The only thing that would make it better is if it had a little more suction power to get all the fine dirt that collects at the bottom . Otherwise I love it .
 What a nice little unit . The trick to the effectiveness of this vacuum is to not let your pool get too bad before you use it . Do not expect it to clean a huge mess in a large pool in just a few minutes . The only downside I have found is that it could use a little more weight to help hold it down to the floor of the pool . Overall I am very satisfied with the ease of use and effectiveness of this product .
 Best ever pool cleaner . Could not find a replacement in our local pool stores . Ours broke after 5 years of use . For something like this to even last 5 years is remarkable .
 This is a very effective pool cleaner for our above ground pool . The vacuum suction relieson the force of your garden hose water flow . Easy to clean out debree bag , just take it offfrom the device , turn it inside out and hose it off .
 Worked perfectly . Mesh bag contained all the particles I wanted it to pick-up . The bag is not designed to keep algae and very fine dirt in the bag . Algae is caused by the home owner not maintaining the pool correctly . Do not blame the product . All meshed bags I find on the market are for leaves , mostly tree seedlings and plant blooms.You do not need a lot of hose water pressure to get the unit to work properly . One comment below indicated the hose kept popping off . Well you had to much water pressure for such a small product.Yes you do need to buy a telescoping pool pole . The companies that supply one in their packaging are junk and not sturdy to get the job done.This product touches up the pool and spa so you do not have always plug in your automatic pool vac or pool cleaner to clean small areas .
 I usualy do n't write reviews but I wanted to share this ... I have had our 15ft above ground pool up since 4 months ... in between we went on vacation for a month and when we came back our pool was just dirty ... I switched out several filters for the pump -LRB- which is poorly working because it is actually to small for our size of pool -RRB- every other day until I decided to buy a vacuum for the pool . After reading a lot of bad reviews on every single one I decided to get this one . I was a little worried to waste my money , but after I just cleaned my pool with it for the first time in 4 months - I TRULY AM AMAZED :-RRB- This thing does a great job for only spending 20 bugs !!! I cleaned the pool within 15 minutes and it was so easy . I will consider to replace the dirt bag with something that keeps the fine sand & dust inside too , as other people mentioned a sock or nylon stocking might work . I will try it out ... Anyways if you are looking to not spend a lot that little thing works great and does the job !!! My kids are looking forward to the weekend to finaly be back in the pool :-RRB- ps . You do have to buy a telescope bar but who ever is a little handy might get it to work with another one thats laying around the house ...
 So , I did research , and I could n't find any pool vacuums that got really good reviews -LRB- for little above ground pools like ours -RRB- . So instead of spending a lot of money on one that might not work , I chose to spend little money on one that might not work . But it does ! It did n't have directions , so it called for some ingenuity . And I have to unscrew my hose from it 's gun , and screw it on the vacuum TIGHT or it will fly off . But I already had a pole , so I did n't have to buy anything else . And for my 12x30 above ground pool , it works great . Especially for the price .
 We ordered this to clean a dunk tank that gets quite a bit of sand in it . It works amazingly well for everything large enough to get caught in the filter bag . For our application it would have been nice to have the peg that the pole connects to be parallel to the wheels rather than perpendicular . No problem though . It works great . The water does have to be deep enough to cover the device and the filter bag .
 I read the reviews that others had posted before I purchased the vacuum . It did n't come with a pole , but that was ok because I had one that I could use with it . I was pleased with the way it picked the debris up off the bottom of the pool and I think it was well worth the money I paid for it .
 Want ? Of course the telescopic extension could not be included , impossible to ship and easy to get . The attachment for the garden hose is simple and your own water flow provides the suction . The bag does let small particles escape but a simple cotton bag added takes care of it all . Any unit working as well is prohibitively expensive -LRB- more money than the pool -RRB- . THIS is the answer . If you can lace up your shoes , you can handle this .
 Great idea and product using the pressure from the water hose to suck the debris into a bag . Works great , but because the area of the brush is only a 10 by 2 inch area , it does n't pick up a lot of debris , so have to go over areas again and again . I have had it about 2 years , and have used it a fair amount , and like the product , except that the bag that collects the debris has ripped over the use that it gets . Can still use it , but know that the bag is not well made .
 You will have to purchase the post -LRB- or handle -RRB- separate that goes with this , but the actual vacuum works good . I took others advice and put a heavy duty stocking -LRB- finer -RRB- on to catch the sand and silt in the bottom of my pool which is a 12 ft inflatable . I like this product as no batteries etc. needed .
 After buying a small above ground pool with a fairly weak filter system , I found out that there are very few low cost options for cleaning the pool . This vacuum is one of them.This vacuum works by having water literally shove the dirt off of the pool floor into the vacuum 's brushes and into the filter bag . The filter bag is durable and the system generally works well . The vacuum is less effective at picking up the fine dust that seems to accumulate on the bottom of the pool.The vacuum is remarkably effective at getting large dirt particles off the bottom of the pool floor and is rather easy to use . The `` additional equipment '' referenced in another review is a standard pool extension handle that can be found at any hardware or pool supply store during the summer.PROS - CheapWorks wellPicks stuff off of bottom of pool that otherwise could n't get toOther options do not seem to be more effectiveCONS - Need additional handle with additional costDoes n't get the really small stuffGood luck .
 We have one of those 10 ft easy set inflatable ring pools . After a couple of weeks I noticed that sediment was accumulating on the bottom . Being that the filter is small and not so powerful most pool vacuum options would n't work . After reading up on about every option , I reluctantly chose this Black Magic Vacuum that can attach to a garden hose . Also , I did have to purchase a telescopic pole in order to use it . Surprisingly , I does work . The palstic is light and I did n't know what to expect , but for the price it is pretty good . I does pick up the particulates from the bottom . Really small stuff , like algae or scum does n't get sucked up , but the majority of the particles were removed by this vacuum . It is easy to set up and use . Overall , it was a good buy .
 I 'm very happy with this vacuum ... particularly for $ 20 . I have a 14 foot long , 4 foot deep swim spa , and small leaves , bugs and debris are often collecting at the bottom . I wanted something inexpensive to clean them up , and took a chance on this product based on the reviews I 'd read . It makes quick work of cleaning the bottom of my spa , even when the bottom is heavily covered with small bits of debris . In 5 or 10 minutes at most , it is completely clean with little effort . The device is reasonably well made , and should last indefinitely as long as it is n't stepped on or otherwise abused . The water stream from your hose forces the debris into the bag quickly and easily , and only one or two passes are needed in each area . This is the perfect solution for me . It would n't be effective for a pool much bigger than my swim spa , but for small spas , larger swim spas , and smaller pools , this works great for the money .
 I bought the vacuum to clean a small 6 ' X 31/2 ' 150 gallon water feature . Although the package said `` Instructions Inside '' there were none . But it 's pretty simple to use ... connect the vacuum to a water hose , turn on the water , and clean . It works OK but since it uses water from a hose to create the vacuum you have to adjust the water pressure or the vacuum sucks up the gravel from the bottom as wellad debris . There 's no handle with the vacuum . I used a 4 ft X 1/2 in piece of PVC pipe for a handle . It 's still a little awkward to use in the small pond . Overall , the product is very good when you consider price vs. performance and ease of use .
 This is the best product on the market for pools !!! I LOVE IT ! Cleans really well and cost was affordable .
 Gets the job done in my small inflatable pool . It does n't have a filter that can do good debris cleaning so this was the solution .
 I had long been frustrated by having the ceramic grills on my barbecue turn rusty , requiring replacement . It was clear that the hard metal brush recommended by the Lowes salesman was causing the damage . When I had my unit serviced I made sure to ask the technician what the best tool was to clean them without causing damage . He told me to get a brush with soft brass bristles . I found this one on Amazon and it has worked perfectly . I clean the grill after every use while it is still hot . The bristles remove large masses of burned food and the heat from the grill does the rest . Most importantly the grill is NOT damaged and remains usable for many seasons . DO NOT buy the stiff bristled brushes that they try to sell you . They are no more efficient and will quickly damage the porcelain and chrome wire grids . BTW the brush is dishwasher save . Do not be fooled by more expensive brushes . Great product .
 I purchased this at the beginning of the north east grilling season and it has lasted me until September ! This cheap little brush as done an admirable job on my grill that I used 3-5 times a week all summer long . It is only now just losing bristles in the front which for a four dollar item not too shabby . My only complaint is that I wish its handle was longer . Would I buy another one ? All day long .
 I really wanted a quality natural gas grill for a good price . This seemed to fit based on the amount of online research I did prior to settling on this brand and model . Could n't afford a Weber of this size , so I got the next best thing - Ducane , which is now owned/made by Weber.Received my grill last week after weeks of waiting for it to come in stock . Price -LRB- $ 419 -RRB- was comparible to other vendors -LSB- ... -RSB- The grill was fairly easy to put together , but I was glad there was two of us doing it . Made things easier . Took a little over an hour to put together . Seems sturdy and well made . Be sure you have a socket set for tightening all the nuts.So far , I 've used the grill twice . Starts instantly , gets very hot . Will take some time to figure out the right temperature settings to use . Burned some whole baking potatoes pretty quickly the first time using the grill.One complaint - I wish the cart under the grill had a back to it . There are two stainless steel doors on the front of the cart , which gives the illusion of storage , however there is no back to the cart - you can see right in . What good are the doors on the front then ? I could understand for the propane version of the grill , but I expected there to be storage since this is natural gas and no tank needs to sit under the grill.So far , seems like it was worth the wait . Even though grilling season is coming to an end already here in Milwaukee , I 'm still glad I bought this grill .
 I live out in the country where Hawks , Owls etc think my small pond is a snack bowl ... This netting keeps both debris and hungrey critters out of my pond.I am very happy with this item .
 I ordered this net last year for my backyard pond that sits under a live oak . It protected the pond and fish from major leaf droppage and from the racoons . When I put it away in the spring , it had worn well and I expect it to last for a few years . Great deal for the price .
 The material is quite tough even though the netting appears thin . Put this up last summer , and this winter ice and snow accumulated in some areas dragging it down somewhat but no damage . In the fall , leaves fell on the net were easily removed with a long handle fish net . I used two of these nets over a 12 by 8 foot pond , allowing easy access for house keeping tasks . Now the hurons can only stand by the pond and watch , no free lunch for them .
 Hey this is a pond net . Keeps the leaves & critters out of the pond . Last year bought the identical net at a local pond store for almost double the price . Usually by spring the net has deterioated too much to be reused so this works great -LRB- it either sticks by being frozen to the rocks or ters when I pull it up .
 Effective at catching the fall leaves . The mesh appears slight , but I have n't noticed any durability issues . Though it 's only been covering our koi pond for a month , do n't believe the negative reviews -LRB- &#34; the mesh tore when pulling out of the package ! &#34; -RRB- . I have n't experienced that at all .
 I have owned this net for a long time . this is the second year that I used it . It does the job and works good .
 Wanted to keep fig , pommegranite , peach and apricot leaves out of the ponds . Works Great easy to clean up and sturdy !
 I really like this hose holder . It stores the hose nicely without any of it hanging out . I also really like the finish . It is very attractive . You ca n't even tell that it is a hose holder until you are right up next to it . It is nice that it has holes in the bottom to drain any water that may accumulate in the holder . The only thing that could possibly make it better is if it had a lid .
 I have had a hose reel on my front porch for a long time . I did not like the look , but thought my wife could more easily put the hose away with a reel . It turns out the reel was too difficult to operate , so I had to put the hose away anyway and the reel did n't look very good . With this hose pot I do n't find the hose much more difficult to put away and it looks much better . I would like to have cover for it so when you get close you do n't see the hose in the pot , but from the curb it looks much nicer . I 'm not sure of the quality of the finish , so we 'll see how it holds up with time .
 The seller was excellent in getting these items to me ... I would recommend the seller to anyone ... The product is so beautiful that I am kinda afraid to leave them on the side of my home until I build a 7 feet fence ... lol ... plus the price of these were reasonably priced ... Bravo to the Seller and product maker ... ThanksLarry
 The product was just what I was looking for . It is of excellent quality . It is a beautiful addition to my garden .
 I 've owned this machine for some five years now and am constantly amazed at how well it eliminates branchs and turns them into mulch . The engine is powerful and reliable , the 2 '' diameter branch feed makes short work of the larger branchs.Tree maintencance is a breeze with this machine .
 This is more then just a garden shovel . I work terriers and that frequently requires digging , digging 4 + feet . A heavy durable shovel , capable of digging and moving all types of soil is needed . The Ames Pony fits the bill , Ames is a an old American company , forging shovels since the 1700 's . Forged shovels are no longer common , when someone comments that they wish they had an old style shovel , they are probably refering to a forged shovel . I was disappointed to find that the shaft was not solid or welded . Maybe some engineer decided that was no longer necessary . Regardless , this is a very well contructed shovel , capable of the digging I put it to , and should last the rest of my life .
 For about 5 years I have filled my composter with lawn clippings and kitchen vegetable matter . This bin is made of very thick and durable plastic which spins about a axle thru the middle of the barrel . The base is a metal tubular frame that supports the axle . The barrel clears the ground by several inches , allowing the composted material to be poured -LRB- or scraped -RRB- out of the barrel onto the ground . It is designed for bulk composting . The lid may be twisted a quarter turn to open the barrel . To get started , I recommend adding a shovel full of dirt from your yard plus any available earth worms along with vegatable matter . Once it starts ` cooking ' , the vegatable matters breaks down quickly -LRB- 3-4 weeks -RRB- . I like this composter so much , I am giving one to my son .
 I would not yet call this easy to grow . After planting in well cultivated garden , we had a monsoon . out of three beautiful plants , I have one that looks happy and healthy -LRB- earlier shipment -RRB- . One of the help articles mentioned too much water . Down here in south Texas , too much water is not the norm . I have my newest Hirt shipment sitting on the dining room table until they get over being shipped and curlicued from the box , that is happening rather quickly .
 Good quality craftsmanship.Nice , soothing gentle tones.Sound carrys a fair distance.Seems to take quite a breeze to make it work .
 I am highly impressed with these wind chimes ! After going to the Woodstock website to listen to the different chimes my wife and I chose these and the music in person far surpasses the sample . They appear to be very durable and are an attractive green color . I am highly pleased with these ... did n't know wind chimes could be so nice and harmonic ... guess I am just used to the inferior one I grew up with .
 Great quality , especially for the money ! I purchased a set for myself , and my mother loved them so much that I decided to give a set to her for her birthday . She was delighted ! As I sat on my patio one morning , I kept `` hearing '' Amazing Grace in my head , and to my delight , I figured out that it was the chime tones that was reminding me of the song . They must be tuned to the notes of that song . Very well worth the money .
 Bought it for my wife , who enjoys listening to it at any time . It is priced moderately , I had checked other sites for pricing but this one was best , Great buy !
 I love these chimes ! Everyone who hears them stops to listen and comment on their rich tones . I sent a set as a Christmas present this year and kept a set for myself . Now my mom wants some ... Guess I 'll get them for her birthday !
 The showerhead does everything promised , and was super easy to install as well . Looking forward to a lot of use , withh softer skin and hair .
 With lots of gardening to be done , these are very comfortable and easy to store in the bucket storage item we also bought .
 These are the best pruners I have ever owned . They fit my small hands perfectly and are very high quality . I highly recommend them for deadheading perennials , pruning roses , etc. . They stay sharp and will cut canes up to the diameter of a child 's fat pencil easily . I once bought a pair of Felco pruners ` for small hands ' , but did n't like them because when they were open the spread was too long for my hands .
 Though branded as Honeywell , this unit is made by Kideki Electronics , a Chinese company that also provides this to others , such as Wind & Weather . It 's a bit easier to set up than the similar Oregon Scientific RGR126 . The main unit quickly recognized both remote sensors and has maintained contact since initial setup 8 week ago , despite low temps in the teens . Comparison with other temperature and rain monitors indicates both temperature and rainfall are rather accurate , temp within 1 degree and rainfall within 2 % . That 's a lot better than the 10 % error I experienced with the Oregon Scientific . For me the `` con '' with this unit is the design of the main unit . Some buttons are on the back , and one on the back has the same label as one on the front , but they perform different functions . Also , the rainfall can be displayed only as total for the last hour , total for the last 24 hours , or total for the last 7 days . I prefer the display of the Oregon Scientific , which shows rainfall for each of today and the prior 9 days . The Honeywell unit has some odd features for a rain gage
 I bought this gauge as a gift for my father-in-law , so I do n't know how well it works . It was delivered on time . I chose this one because it keeps info . for 7 days . I really hope it works well for my father-in-law . He seems to like it .
 This is the second wireless rain gauge by Honeywell that we have purchased . We liked the first one so much that we bought a second for another location .
 Since this is a gift to my brother I will be able to give a better report later in the spring . However to do own a similar types of remote rain gauges and this is good offering for the money . I 've had several and none came with separate remote temperature unit . Also the way it is constructed , good design .
 It is a different product -LRB- bird feeder -RRB- than most , however , seems to work well , and the birds do seem to like it .
 My previous bird feeder was completely trashed by a bear/raccoon and it was very expensive . Mostly I am looking to deter Blue Jays and Chipmunks and as you browse through reviews , that is pretty tough . This feeder is a gem
 This birdfeeder came quickly and was east to set up and use . I am enjoying watching the birds from my window !
 This is my second one of these bird feeders - a bear got the first one and totally destroyed it . We get lots and lots of gross beaks in the spring and they absolutely love this feeder
 I purchased this feeder after squirrels destroyed a wooden feeder I was using to dispense sunflower seed . It 's attractive and seems very durable , and while it does n't keep squirrels from feeding , it 's unlikely they can damage it . I like that the mesh design allows birds like chicadees to perch on the side instead of on the ring . And it holds a good amount of sunflower seed , so I 'm not having to refill it every day or two . The one gripe I have is that the perch ring seems too close to the feeder , making it hard for cardinals to feed . They do use it , but only with a lot of wing flapping to keep their balance .
 The roof is good.With the ones without the roof , rain often means you empty the thing on the ground and start over with sunflower seeds that have n't turned gray and been spoiled.And the squirrels and other night-time critters have a problem getting into it . The mesh is really pretty sturdy.It 's not perfect -- wind driven rain is still not be good . The cardinals really prefer a platform feeder -LRB- at my house , other people say it 's just fine -- and one of these days I 'll also try the cardinal feeder from the same people -RRB- . And it does n't help a bit for keeping sunflower shells off the ground .
 I bought this feeder because my biggest problem in the yard is squirrels . They are very ingenious critters and figure out a way to defeat most `` squirrel-proof '' feeders , but so far not this one . Because it has no seed tray , they can not raid the tray or tip it sideways to spill the seed to the ground . The metal fill top fits very tightly and locks in place , and so far they have not been able to get it open . I do n't mind that the squirrels eat their share , I just want them to eat like the birds do - one seed at a time - and the No-No accomplishes this . Usually there is enough stray seed that falls on the ground to satisfy them , and after a few unsuccessful attempts at raiding , they leave this feeder alone . Be sure to get the model without a seed tray or it wo n't be squirrel safe . I only give it four stars rather than five because the largest sunflower seeds pass through the wire mesh only with difficulty , so they tend to accumulate slowly in the bottom of the feeder . Other people have noted this problem as well.Here 's another tip . C&S ; Products puts out an equally good feeder for sunflower seed that is all steel and very squirrel resistant , but you can only find it on their web site under the page for suet feeders , which it also handles . It is called a Nugget Feeder , and has a heavy tubular vinyl-covered steel mesh body with thick metal end caps top and bottom , a heavy metal hanging hoop , and thick steel rods for perches that install through the mesh and stick out the sides . Its three perches can accommodate up to six birds at once . To fully squirrel-proof this feeder I only had to install the friction washers that hold the perches from sliding on the inside of the steel mesh body rather than outside . Otherwise the squirrels bite through these plastic parts and extract the perches . But even it they do this it gains them nothing , so they soon give up on that strategy anyway . One squirrel attacked this feeder so aggressively that I had to temporarily wire the combination hanging loop/closure tightly closed with picture wire until he got the idea that he could not break in , no matter what he did . Since then he has left it alone . Another nice feature of this C&S ; feeder is that it is very inexpensive compared to others similar . It holds about a quart -LRB- 24 oz -RRB- of seed . Highly recommended if you have squirrels .
 This feeder is sturdy . Even the squirrels ca n't hurt it . It is a little challenging to refill the seeds sometimes as it folds down .
 My birds love this feeder . The only problem is that they love it too much . I have to fill it up about twice a week . The birds end up causing a lot of seeds to fall to the ground , but I have had up to 10 birds and a squirrel picking up seeds from the ground below the feeder .
 I was afraid this feeder was n't going to do for me , because I have to bring feeders in at night to foil raccoons . Since this one is collapsible , I thought the seed would go all over the place when I moved it . It does n't . This feeder would n't work with all tiny seeds , though . They 'd go right through , even if you did n't move the feeder . I 'm using a mix that contains a fair percentage of sunflower seed .
 Negative
 My only concern is about the order of placing the 2 part top in place . It sees to be a good thing for securing the cover but may be a nuisance in the dead of winter . It is nicely sturdily built though and is a great replacement for a similar flimsier feeder I had had for 10 years but recently got ripped down and ripped apart by something -LRB- I am hoping a raccoon not a bear -RRB- .
 Length :
 This bird feeder is very solid . I hung it under my back patio . I did n't see any birds for about 6 days and then one morning I noticed one eating out of it . Since then he has come back and bought all his friends . I now have birds feeding out of this every day all day . Sometimes when it is windy some of the food blows out but all in all I am very happy with my purchase . I believe this purchase will last for many years to come and bring great enjoyment for me and the birds .
 The birds love this feeder -LRB- and it 's bigger cousin which I bought at the same time . -RRB- ... Also the mesh construction allows the seeds to dry after our Florida afternoon rains as opposed to several other types I 've tried ... I 'm hoping the material will last for a few years hanging in the Ocean breeze - from experience - most metal feeders only last a year or two - but a small price to pay for having the birds around in the back yard.Footnote
 I got this as a gift for my grandma who was having trouble with squirrels ruining her birdfeeders and keeping the birds away . This was the easiest birdfeeder to assemble - really just slip the top on after you fill it up with seed - and looked nice in her yard . The metal frame is perfect for keeping pesky squirrels at bay .
 Everyone that I sent it to , including me , loved it and the birds are flocking to it . I 'm only disappointed in that there was no message to the people who received it . They had no idea it was from me , and I stipulated a card when I ordered it .
 I just received this as a present last night . I put it up this morning with sunflower chips in it , and the birds are all over it now . Several can eat from it at once . They still use the seed tube I had up before , but this gives more of them access to the seeds at one time . I 'm also impressed that it 's all metal , so more difficult for squirrels to damage it .
 I bought a similar feeder at Lowes for half the price . Works well for clinging birds such as nuthatches and chickadees . If you want birds like Cardinals to visit , you have to modify the feeder . We tie wrapped two sticks so the cardinals could perch and relax . Huge hit in our backyard .
 One of the best feeders for small birds . Loved it so much I bought a second for my sister . Easy to fill and holds plenty .
 I bought this feeder to help control nuisance birds . I cut the wire perch off the bottom of the feeder with wire cutters to discourage perching birds . I still have a few sparrows and house finches but not as many as before that overtook the feeders i had before . Now the chickadees , nuthatches and titmouse 's that like to cling to the wire can feed more easily .
 This is a great product ! I had one for about 5 years but the squirrels finally ate through it -LRB- they can eat through almost anything ! -RRB- The birds love it and so do I.
 I bought one of these for my grandad hoping it was as easy to use as advertised and it is . He loves it and it is easy to fill . It also does n't get dirty like most birdfeeders so it is easy to maintain . I am now going to buy one for my mother . I highly recommend this as a low-maintenace birdfeeder .
 This feeder is a hit in my backyard ! I filled it with black oil sunflower seeds and within an hour I had birds everywhere ! I 've had finches , chickadees , titmice , nuthatches , cardinals and woodpeckers so far . I 've had as many as 7 titmice on it at one time with others perched atop the shepherd 's crook waiting their turn . The finches really seem to like clinging to the mesh . I also have a regular hopper type feeder but this feeder gets more visitors . I get very little waste of seeds through the holes . I 'm super pleased with this feeder and would highly recommend it.Update
 I bought one and then I liked it enough to buy another . The reason is that I had trouble with squirrels turning my old feeder over and dumping it out . With this one , I can enjoy watching them , but they can only get one seed at a time out through the metal mesh . They share with the birds and I do n't spend a fortune on seed and the cats get to watch the show at the feeders and everyone is happy .
 The birds in my yard love this feeder , but unfortunately , so do the squirrels . I love the design of this feeder . It 's so easy to fill and it folds flat to store .
 The squirrels were a real problem with my first one , which hung from a shepherd 's crook . I now have a very tall bird-feeding station with a large baffle . As long as I keep the trees trimmed , the squirrels can not access the station . I 'm ordering a second feeder , because it was so popular with the birds in my yard .
 This is a great bird feeder . Costs a little more then I would normally pay but it will last a very long time . The feed stays for the birds and not other animals .
 Though this product is not ENTIRELY squirrel proof , it comes close . They can still pick the sunflower seeds out one at a time , but they are unable to chew through the mesh to get at them all . They also seem to have difficulty getting the top off the feeder to get at the seeds in that manner.Be advised though if there is a strong and persistent wind storm , it will shake all of the seeds out of the feeder!These feeders do last the longest of the &#34; squirrel proof &#34; feeders . Though the others with a spring loaded attachment that closes the holes down if something heavy lands on them are attractive , the squirrels always find a way to get into them and/or completely destroy them . They eventually get some seeds out of these but seem to be unable to totally destroy them .
 I have been using this to control the green alge ... I have been using it for over a year , without any damage to the plants . . Works great for me . Price is good , e-bay is more expensive . Hydrostores are alway more expensive .
 Arrived on time and worked great , I would recommend to all . this was a smooth purchase , no problems at all .
 This fungicide was very effective on my tomatoe plants . I thought they were dead , now they are green and lush with blossoms ... FANTASTIC .
 Brush works great but the only part I was n't 100 % pleased with is that I received a bent wooden handle . The long wooden handle has a curve to it if you look down its length . Overall it does n't affect its performance if you screw the handle in so the curve bends like a camels back down to the broom brush . If you have the curve to the left or the right when your pushing it bends more & is harder to push forward when pushing much sand or gravel away from the cement.The brush itself works great , some of the bristles fall out here and there but does n't wear fast overall . If I did n't receive a bent handle I am sure I would have fully approved this product .
 The packaging is a bit crazy as you have to remove a lot of staples to get to the product , but the product itself is very sturdy and looks as though it will last a long time .
 Having used axes for a few seasons I 've become particular to things I like and do n't like about such tools , and this axe is my favorite so far . It is lighter than expected and I 've come to realize that either hardware store 3.5 pound axes are heavier than 3.5 pounds or this one is actually lighter than its declared weight . Regardless , this axe is light and the profile is unexpectedly thin . At first this really turned me off because I equated bigger with better , and I had the sense that a smallish axe was rip off because it meant less steel hence less cost to manufacture . At sixty bucks and a little more I was expecting an axe of formidable size.Begrudgingly , I gave the edge a touch up with coarse and medium whetstones then took this axe out to the woodlot determined to try it despite my disappointment . I tried it and it was a revelation . Fast , light , and thin , this axe can still cut pretty good sized rounds down to size . But what makes this axe so cool is just how many straight clean splits the user makes while wielding it . Again and again I brought the S&N ; head down square to the rounds and achieved that strangely gratifying `` clean split '' of the wood . I liked the lighter , smaller blade so much I 've even been thinking of grinding down the poll to make it lighter still - I have not done this ... yet.I recommend this axe . I have used it for one entire season and I heat only with wood . That 's a lot of chopping . The S&N ; 3.5 is my go to axe when it 's splitting time . If you care for tools and like good ones , you 'll like this one . Also , if the handle comes loose or breaks , Snow and Nealley will fix your axe for free . -LRB- This is something that I do n't like as it makes their axe handles harder to source -RRB- . I should add , however , a short comment about my wood stove . It is a small stove and I tend to cut my rounds eleven to fourteen inches long . If you cut big chainsaw rounds for a big fire box , then you 'll likely want to supplement your S&N ; axe with a splitting maul of your choice . As I saw all my timber and cut all my firewood with hand tools , I am seldom facing giant rounds and so have seldom needed more than an axe to split them .
 I am in love with this axe ! Being 5 ' 3 '' , I have found axes with longer handles a bit harder to control . I am able to swing my S&N with much more control and purpose , making my swing more efficient and productive . The blade is extremely sharp and has held its edge very well . I highly recommend this axe .
 This is the 10 watt Supreme Pondmaster Submersible UV Clarifier , model 29101 . When water is circulated through it , the water is exposed to ultraviolet light that is capable of killing both suspended algae and bacteria . I have used several of these units in both marine aquaria -LRB- outside the tank -RRB- and in my pond -LRB- in the water -RRB- and they have performed perfectly.The unit contains a tubular UV bulb protected by a slightly larger quartz sleeve . Danner says that the design causes the water to flow through the unit in a circular manner but I have never cut one open to see how that might be accomplished.Build quality is excellent and I have had no problems with leakage of water either into the interior quartz sleeve and UV tube or out onto the floor.It is important to remember that the quartz sleeve will gradually become partially occluded by deposits on the outside surface . For best results , you should disassemble the clarifier periodically -LRB- monthly is about right -RRB- and remove and clean the sleeve . Disassembly is quick and easy but be careful with both the sleeve and the tube when you do it.The clarifier works well but beware
 This U V light system works amazingly well . Simple to hook up and use and very effective , cleaned up our pond water even faster than I expected . Our neighbors that have fish ponds are still cleaning their foam/mesh filters at least once a day and their ponds are still green . I 'm cleaning my pad filter once every three to four days now and our pond is crystal clear . Very impressive that something this simple would work so well . I would highly recommend this pondmaster UV water filter to anyone .
 We had green soup and in about a week or two we have clear water . We are pleased with the product .
 I just put took the clarifier out and put it away for the winter . It kept my pond crystal clear all summer long . Wish I had invested sooner . Love this item !
 This was one of the only fully submersible in-line clarifiers I could find , and it was reasonably priced here . Unlike some reviewers , I had absolutely no problem hooking it up to my Pondmaster filter and pump with standard 1 '' tubing . Easy to set up and cleared up my small pond within 3 days . The glowing ring is very helpful to let you know it 's working .
 I hesitated to spend the money for a UV clarifier , especially given that I would have to replace the bulb every year . But last season , after I did the math , I found that I was spending more than the price of a bulb on non-effective chemicals . Within a week of installing the clarifier -LRB- which I found to be an easy task -RRB- I could see the bottom of my pond . Woohoo !
 The filter came on time and was easy to install . Within a week we could see the bottom of the pond and the fish . Our pond is about 400 to 500 gallons so this size was just right . Looking forward to next spring when the pond usually starts clouding up . I want to see how it performs then .
 Product was not compatible with my pond filter.You credited my account very quickly.I certainly will do business with you again.You can be trusted !
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 Oh my God , my Black Jewel Orchid its just amazing . They carefully but my plants in a box and sent it to my very quickly . The Orchid is a very healthy plant , it was 2 `` h , It was more than I expected and there phone services excellent .
 i must send a picture she -LRB- Black Jewel -RRB- growing wild and beautiful i also gave two as gifts , thank you .
 It arrived in good shape . I like unusual hard to find plants . I will buy from this seller again .
 Orchid arrived promptly , packed well , and very healthy . I have had it a couple months and it continues to thrive .
 And solid build , and it reaches , and is well sealed onto can , very well made it appears to be made to last . Not some flimsy plastic tube .
 Product fit withonly minor alterations needed to replace 1950 's line which was rusted away . Would recommend to anyone who asked . Shipping faster than expected . Good company to deal with .
 After calling the manufacturer for the part number , they do not sell directly , I found what I needed here . Service was very quick and the product arrived in great shape . Fit and finish was as expected .
 I bought this for my trip to Ecuador . It 's considerably cheaper as a concentrate than buying the already diluted sprays you find in the sporting goods stores.Add water to dilute to the concentration you want for clothes . I used 15 to 1 , although 20 to 1 usually matches the sprays.Once you mix it , be sure to keep it tightly capped or in a very well ventilated area . I kept/used it in the garage with the big door open . Still fumigated the entire garage and crept into the house every time the house door was opened for a couple of seconds . I 'm not sure the vapors are really harmful , but they sure drive you out of the house just on odor alone.Soak your clothes you want treated until they are thoroughly wet , wring out , hang to dry . I hung mine in the garage . Kept the garage fumigated for several days . The shirts dried in a couple of days . The jeans took almost a week.No problem with any bugs while in Ecuador . No problem with the clothes either -LRB- i.e. , no skin rash , no irritation , nothing . -RRB-
 It 's permethrin ; there 's not really a ` quality ' rating that can be given , except that mine happened to have leaked all over the box it was shipped in . It works quite well as an insecticide , and is in a high concentration , so it can be mixed down to about 1 % and still be potent.This Permethrin smells pretty bad -LRB- apparently because of an additive , not the permethrin itself -RRB- ; some people are more sensitive than others . It really does n't bother me too much . But the good thing is that it has a very low toxicity to humans and * most * mammals . I was using it for bed bugs , and it seems to do the job . But it can be used for just about any insect , indoors or outdoors . Just read up on it before you use it .
 Received this product on time . I used it on my lawn and it immediately eliminated insects that were all over my yard . It worked well . The only compaint I had is that I had to find a sprayer or container that I could use to mix and use the product .
 The 10 % Permethrin works great to keep ticks off of you . I mixed the Permethrin with water to make a 2 % solution and soaked my hunting camos in it and did n't have a tick or chiggers the entire spring turkey hunting season .
 I bought this and diluted it to a .01 % solution -LRB- about 1 tsp to 2 cups water - 5 ml :500 ml -RRB- and used a trigger sprayer to soak soak a pair of shoes and 2 pair of pants and 2 shirts for 4 people . It was tedious and making up a bucket of the stuff would certainly be more efficient . I liked the trigger sprayer because I pretty much used up all I made and did n't have to dump any or wring the clothes out . I sprayed the clothes outside , used a mask and gloves and hung everything out to dry over night . There was a chemical smell to the clothing but I thought it was very mild and did n't elicit complaints from my very smell sensitive son . We can all debate the problems with chemicals forever , but I had Lyme disease last summer and do n't plan to stay indoors OR get Lyme again . As far as I can tell this did the trick and none of us got a tick bite when we went camping this weekend .
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 Very durable and I am quite pleased . It was a bit tight to fit around the 4x4 while connecting the seam but once installed , is a great baffle to protect nesting birds from predators . The coating is superb and makes it difficult if not impossible for a squirrel or coon or possum to grab or climb up on . I will use more of these in the future with wood duck boxes.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000HHQ8WK/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 Just a note . Racoons go around this like it is not even there . Most people tell me that nothing will stop Racoons , someone else told me to get the 4-6 foot galvanized sheet metal duct that can open and lock at the seam , then put it around the tree or 4x4 post . It is inexpensive at Home Depot . You can even paint it to blend in . I may do that , right now I bring the feeder in at night .
 I had another squirrel guard on the 4x4 post that my feeders hang from and it did not work . This one does . No squirrel has gotten around it . However , be aware that it will not stop raccoons and manufacturer does not claim that it will - best way to get rid of them is to live trap and relocate them .
 Purchased mine as I was having squirrels empty the feeder . Havent had a problem since installing this . It installed easily and works great . It is a tad expensive , but it looks nice in my front yard vs. many of the homemade types . It is also sturdy so I expect it to last a very long time.For those who posted squirrels could still get in the feeder , either your feeder -LRB- or baffle -RRB- is not high enough or you have it too close to a tree branch and squirrels are able to jump to the feeder . Raise your baffle or trim the offending tree branch .
 This is my second purchase of this squirrel baffle , which we have mounted on a 4x4 post . We used the first baffle for several years and never saw a squirrel defeat it . I replaced it because after surviving several years of Florida weather , it began to rust and the bottom edge became jagged . For the cost , it was well worth the use we got from it.During the years , a tree in our yard grew to the point of overhanging the feeder , so squirrels learned to drop down onto the feeder from above . We purchased the baffle that is designed for narrow poles -LSB- Stokes Select 38023 18-Inch Wrap-Around Squirrel Baffle -RSB- and put it on top of our large wood feeder , fitting the opening around the knob on top . It lifts off along with the lid when I take it off to add more seed . I sprayed that with cooking spray , and it also now defeats the squirrels as they ca n't hold on when they drop down . So now squirrels ca n't invade the feeder from above or below . My feeder is outside my office window , so I really enjoy the variety of birds that visit our feeder throughout the day . The squirrels are welcome to the sunflower seeds that are knocked off , so I get to see those little buggers happily eating on the ground with their feathered friends feasting above them.For Christmas , my husband got me another very large feeder for the back yard , also mounted on a 4x4 post . He installed another of these baffles on that post . As no trees are near that one , no squirrels have been able to reach it.With these baffles , if you place your feeder away from trees or roofs , you should be squirrel-free -- if you live in the South where the squirrels are smaller . I ca n't speak for those with the much larger squirrels up North .
 I have used such devices in the past and as long as the feeder is away from decks and trees , he CAN NOT get to the sunflower seed .
 Works great havent had a squirrel problem since I installed it . They sit at the bottom of the pole look up at it and turn around and run away .
 I have not had a squirrel get to my bird feeders since I installed this . It was easy to install and seems to be holding up very nicely .
 I bought a total of 6 for my Bird Boxes . They look great wether in front or back of the yard and are 100 % predator proof . That includes Snakes . I highly recommend it . Not only does it look great , the price is right too .
 I had one of these at my old home in VA and was disappointed that I could not bring it with me to my new home . I live in Maine now where there are a ton of squirrels and was supprised to find that no store in the area carried these . My Aunt and Unlce who are avid birders and live in MA came to visit me when I was in VA and had never seen this device before . When they got home , they were able to find one locally and are very pleased with it . It is not harmful to the squirrels and the birds seem to ignore it all together . Save money on bird food for since those who you are putting the food out for actually get to eat it !
 I 've had one of these in a couple of cars -LRB- moved from one to the other -RRB- for maybe 6 to 10 years ... bought a while ago ... so ca n't say for sure . I always check the indoor vs the outdoor reading before I install one ... these are pretty close . Battery lasts a long time ... IF ... you do n't use the backlight . I typically use the remote sensor to monitor ambient temps at the grill or maybe intake air temps.The clock and ice warning part I do n't really use ... though both work OK.The old one finally quit working due to being on the dash this summer -LRB- under some white card stock -RRB- ... got so hot the plastic cover on the AAA battery melted ... will have to find a better place for the next one .
 Prior to my purchase I read the reviews for this product and was reluctant to buy . Most of the bad reviews were talking about the inaccuracy of the device . I 've known from other products similar to this one that the placement of the probe is critical to the accuracy of the device . The best place to locate the probe is in the front of the vehicle , away from the engine , out of the sun and far enough from the pavement to avoid reflective heat . I placed my probe behind the front bumper and the accuracy of the RoadPro has been spot on .
 The only thing I would do next thing is purchase a wireless version . Nothing wrong with this one and it works great .
 These ice alerts I have in my vehicles so I know what the outside temps are when I am driving my car or RV . I travel year around and in all kinds of weather , and the temps can vary drastically in a short space of time . These are easy to install , small enough to place on the dash , and easy to read .
 After running a real time check of temperature readings , I find the accuracy to be very good . The key to getting accurate readings is correct installation .
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 This product works great . Kills wasps on contact and keeps them away . I spray once in the spring and it keeps them away for the entire summer .
 Waited until after sundown to do battle with those suckers , I wanted to make sure they were all back in the nest . Went outside read the directions and it took like three minutes . Those wasps never stood a chance . This will be my go to Wasp spray if they dare come back for revenge .
 Bee and Wasp Spray
 If you have any type of bee problem do not hesitate to buy this ! I was so scared to use this for the first time in case it did n't work & i would have a swarm of bees chasing me ! it freezes them INSTANTLY ! it works so so so well ! the can is enormous too ... you do n't need much for it to work ... will def last a very very long time .
 Worked immediately on a large wasp nest . I hit the nest at the wrong time , hot out mid day , they poured out of the nest and went straight to the ground .
 Killed the bees and their nests . Did its job . Would reccomend if you have a bee/wasp problem . Order 2 as it goes quick .
 It 's great that we found this spray here - the reviews told us that &#34; this was the stuff &#34; to rid your garden of bees . -LRB- Not that we really want to do that , but in our case , the bees were nesting UNDER our garden shed by the doorway , and would n't let us IN the shed ! -RRB- I know we need bees for pollination , so I was n't happy about spraying 'em ... but ... you 've got ta do what you 've got ta do ... The spray worked - no more bees - though to be honest , I DID see a few ` hovering around ' a week or so later , but the day after , they too , were gone . Good stuff .
 My wife and i bought this product to kill an infestation of wasps that lodged themselves in the high roof of our apartment . what we found is that with regular insecticides , the trajectory of the spray wasnt very far , and the wasps would have time to fly after we sprayed them . what we were looking for was something to reach far , and without us having to run for cover after spraying it . THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT WE GOT . it reaches very far , is exceedingly powerful , and it kills them on contact , so they 're not still flying around after you 've sprayed them . If you have the same issues that i had , this is the perfect spray for you - i just wished it didnt finish so quickly .
 Within two days of this arriving , four large angry black hornets buzzed around my carport and front door ! I think they were looking for a nesting site . They were hovering and I sprayed quickly at all four ; but because the stream was so narrow , it was like using anti-aircraft gun against fighters and I only hit two before the others flew off . The two I hit dropped dead on the spot ; I did n't wait around to see where the other two went . I 've used this twice again when the hornets or wasps were on a flat surface and in both cases the spray worked well as advertized . Honestly , I really would prefer not to kill them if I can help it but when they are buzzing around my only exit and endanger my dog when she goes out , I will get all `` Battle of Britain '' on them.Only a few minor issues : - You do end up using quite a lot with each stream , especially if you 're trying to hit a flying wasp ; - After spraying there is a pretty noticeable pesticide-like smell and some oily looking liquid for several minutes later ; and - When the shipment arrived , the nozzle and cap were loose in the box . I could not put the nozzle back on until I needed to use it .
 This stuff is NO JOKE . Freezes the wasps INSTANTLY . they will even stick to the walls , frozen . I 've never had such success with a spray
 After trying one of the `` trap `` products advertised on Amazon , which did n't work , I bought Wasp Freeze because of the high reviews . It worked fast on the joists supporting our deck roof , killing and scaring off all the wasps . After waiting weeks for the `` trap '' to work , and then giving up and trying get within 6-7 feet of the wasp nest to spray Tilex on it , then seeing the wasps fly away , only to come back the next day , and start a new nest on the next day , I was depressed . But as soon as I got Wasp Freeze , adjusted the cap and from a safe , 10 foot distance aimed a thick steady spray at the wasp nest and hovering wasps , they have gone for good . This is the product you need .
 I recently moved into my home several months ago . Since then , I have been like the Terminator towards all pests and insects . So this spring/summer , I noticed quite a few yellow jackets and hornets trying to all make my home theirs . I ca n't convince you how deeply I dislike these stinging menacing insects . They do n't seem like essential insects that are necessary , and they can become quite angry if you get too close to their nest.So on to the review : I originally started withSpectracide 57637 Commercial Wasp and Hornet Killer , 18-Ounce Aerosol . Although that did a great job in killing the above mentioned insects , the spray top does not stay put and slips off and the product also leaks down the side of the can . Not good when you are in the heat of battle with these nasty bugs . You do n't want to mess around like I did . I had a few yellow jackets to spray and the top came off . Needless to say one yellow jacket flew towards my head in attack mode , and I cowardly ran back into my humble garage.Enter stage left Whitmire Micro-Gen Research Lab Bee and Wasp Spray
 This spray is awesome for carpenter and bumble bees . Only product I ever found that will kill those burgers immediately and does n't take alot of spray . The other brands I have tried no nothing , I could spray the whole can on them and the bees would just look at me and laugh . Every spring I purchase 3-4 cans and they last all summer .
 The Orkin guy gave me a bottle of this last year and it has been amazing ! I 've used it a couple of times in the house on those sneaky buggers that get in and on a paper wasp nest outside . Worked beautifully . The spray is actually a stream that shoots at least 20 feet -LRB- and straight as an arrow -RRB- . The wasps fall to the ground dead -LRB- or will be dead in seconds -RRB- . Good stuff and worth every penny !
 Although the spray worked well , it is difficult to `` catch '' the bee and the can ran out very quickly . I would buy again .
 This is the only spray we 've found to kill carpenter bees . The only drawback is that it takes one can to kill approximately five bees because you have to soak them individually .
 Paper Wasp nest outside my dining room window . Tried Raid , and other `` brand name '' sprays . Ticked-off wasps and multiple stings later , I was out of spray and still had a good sized nest . Did some research and heard whispers of a product called `` Wasp Freeze '' . Knowing Wasps and Bees dislike cold , this sounded like a possible solution . 15 Hardware stores later , I was frustrated . No one knew what I was asking about , and thought I must be crazy . Ca n't say I blame them , after asking me what I wanted to freeze wasps for , I told them I was working on a top-secret Cryogenics project for NASA , in an attempt to populate other solar systems with Wasps . That 's what they get for asking dumb questions ! :-RRB- Anyway , I turned as always to Amazon , and there she was . A plain looking -LRB- Can you say generic looking ? -RRB- can of wasp freeze , with glowing reviews . I thought I knew , but now I REALLY know the meaning behind `` Opening a can of whoop # & % '' -LRB- Marketing Department can give me a writing credit there -RRB- I waited until sundown , stood 6 Feet away . One shot , at least 40 kills . Instantly dead . No muss , no fuss . The few remaing wasps anywhere near my property avoid me like death incarnate now , and pass along tales of `` The night the Nest stood still `` Just buy it already !!!
 When I had a contract with Orkin Exterminators , this was the product they used to kill wasps . It kills instantly and can spray 15 feet away . Totally eliminates the fear of them coming after you !
 Only thing I 've found that kills carpenter bees . It 's a townhouse community and their nests are at other houses , so we needed a spray to kill them as they flew around . Works great . Thank you , thank you , thank you .
 This is the best product that I have found when dealing with Yellow Jackets . Kills on contact and once sprayed in the nest , the nest is finished .
 Works great , just ordered second can . Went shock and awe on a single wasp to send a message to the others and used whole can . Other wasps are preparing for the inevitable . The only thing prolonging their lives now is the US postal service .
 I live in an old New England house with no insulation in the walls and yellow jackets are always a problem . I purchased this with the intention of taking out any wasp nests outside the house . I went to take a shower one day and there were SIX yellow jackets hanging out on the inside of my bathroom window ! Ignoring the `` outdoor use only '' warning on the can , I gave one of the bastards a facefull of this stuff . Wow ! The one I hit was dead before he hit the floor , but to my delight , the toxic fumes alone killed all 6 of them in one shot ! This stuff is very greasy and hard to clean up , but I think that part of why it is so effective . Trying to hit one in mid air would be ill advised since this thing shoots like a fire hose , get them in their nest or at least while they are walking . Highly recommended .
 This is the only spray I 've found , and I 've tested many , that can knock down a carpenter bee and keep him down . Most other sprays require hitting the bee for several seconds with the spray in order to kill it , but this stuff can kill with very little contact , and it kills quickly too . Carpenter bees rarely land on anything so hitting them is n't easy , but with this spray you can knock one down out of the air and it dies shortly after that . Just with it did n't cost so much .
 I was dealing with a fully developed bee hive in the trunk of a tree . We cut down the tree due to the constant dropping of branches on the sidewalk -LRB- safety issue plus the tree was dead -RRB- . No one would help us remove the trunk that housed the hive . Called every beekeeper in the phone book . All wanted $ 100 to take it away . Well , taking mater 's into my own hands , I bought a can of this spray . I made sure to attack them when the sun was setting . This product killed 99 % of the hive & allowed me to cut the trunk into small sizes with my chainsaw . I was then able to dispose of the wood for composting . Great product . I had no stingers to remove , just needed a dustpan !
 Wasps had set up housekeeping in the casing of the mirror on the driver 's side of my vehicle . I was frantic as I am allergic to wasp stings . This product worked exactly as described . The jet it emits is strong enough for use from at least 10-12 feet and it killed on contact with a single spray . What a relief . Thank you for this great product .
 This is such an improvement over the plastic ones . More expensive , but it does n't spill or fail to operate and probably will not break down in service . I do not know how the Feds approved some of those plastic ones . Politics I guess .
 I purchased this gas can after Hurricane Sandy.I lent out my old 5 gallon plastic can to a friend who needed to run his generator . I figured it was time to purchase another gas can to fill my tractor . I decided to opt for this one since my dad who worked in the trades always used Eagle type gas cans.Up to this point , I figured a gas can is a gas can . Well , I was wrong . I purchased the Eagle 5 gallon can with flex spout from Amazon . Once it arrived , I filled it up at my local gas station and drove home with it.During the drive home , I heard the gas swishing in the can and figured I 'd have the normal gas spillage as I normally do with my plastic gas can . When I arrived home , to my surprise , there was no gas spillage or gas smell in the truck . Nice.I wish I purchased this gas can years ago . As they say , you get what you pay for . Go ahead and make the purchase , you wo n't regret it !
 Very well made . Contains gas vapors perfectly . Nice to see some well made products from USA . Well worth the money . Thank you very much .
 If you 're sick of these stupid plastic gas cans that have no vent and those ridiculous complicated nozzles then look no further . This can is for you . I have a slightly older plastic gas can that does n't have a vent in the back so it takes a bit longer to refuel . When I went to the hardware store to buy another they all had those plastic lever operated nozzles that are a pain to use . I surfed the internet and found this guy on Amazon . I 'm so glad that I bought this can . It has a vent in the back and it automatically expels gas pressure when the pressure builds up instead of holding it in like the plastic cans . When refueling with this can the handle you pull to open the nozzle pushes against the vent/refill hole in the back of the can making it a snap to refuel . It 's just like the old school plastic cans with the vents in the back .
 Expensive , but worth it . Indestructible quality and a perfect design . I especially like the handle which includes a unique lever that simultaneously opens the valve on the pour spout and cracks the filler cap to vent .
 if you are like me and use alot of gas in your lawn equipment and are tired of messing with plastic spouts that are not very flexable and cause spillage then this can is for you
 This summer during the extreme heat my plastic gas cans nearly blew the sides out . I knew they were not the safest thing to have in a hot garage so I made the sacrifice and bought the Eagle U2 5gal cans . They are the best out there , during 100 degree days they never had a problem and work very well . Sturdy , durable , and most of all safe for containing gasoline in the garage or while trasporting in the trunk of your car .
 After using a plastic gas can for the past few years , the garage would always smell like gas during the hotter summer months . I 'm guessing vapor would escape through the plastic while under pressure . So , I invested in this can , and I can honestly say the garage no longer smells like gasoline . And I like the fact that it 's metal -- I feel like it will work for years and years . Note
 Excellent , heavy duty product with enough safe guards to store a petroleum product . No concerns about storage of this container when full . Would not hesitate buying another .
 This is my second order for this gas can . I now have 4 . I have been very satisfied . I am over using plastic and steel is the only way to go . Pressure venting works well . The seller was very prompt with the shipment and the cans arrived in good condition .
 Decided to get a Honda EU200i portable generator to run my gas forced air furnace during powerout . Figured I needed two good 5 gal cans so I went out to price them - expensive . The place where I bought my generator had this same exact can at $ 114 . A few other places were in the $ 80 's . So when I saw these I grabbed two . Just unboxed them . Each has a one inch dent on the upper edge at the same place . Maybe that 's why they were still $ 59 . The dents are minor and the enamel paint is intact so no biggie . Even in their current condition I still would have grabbed them from a store shelf at $ 59 . I picked type II cans because they look a little easier to work with , hope I did n't pick the wrong type.Not sure if the picture shows it but there is a `` S '' shaped piece of steel attached to the back of the pouring spout and when you grab the top handle you also grab this `` S '' handle . You actually squeeze them together and that pulls the spring-loaded pouring valve open . So it looks like a pretty good setup . I 'll fill them soon with high octane , add a little gas stabilizer , and hope I never need to use them . I 'll rotate them through my vehicles and refill every 70-80 days throughout the winter . I 'll come back and comment to let you know how they work.So - optimistically five stars now.They are as described , good quality , quickly delivered and at $ 59 a great value .
 IN USEFinally put one of the cans to use this weekend . It has no leaks , but I still do not care for the valve opening mechanism . It 's so awkward , especially when filling a tank that requires a reach upward.OUT OF THE BOXI ordered two of these cans , which arrived in individual boxes packed within a single larger box . There was very little packing material , but the outer box had not been mishandled and the cans are undamaged.Like so many items today , these are n't the Eagle products of yesteryear . They are lighter in weight and the powder coating is uneven on the valves on top.The can has an awkward bail under the carrying handle . You must squeeze this bail and the handle with your fingers , pulling them together , to open the valve and vent . This requires considerable hand strength , as there is no leverage to assist you ; you are pulling the valve open directly against its internal spring . In addition , a loop on the bail crudely presses against the finger tab on the vent cap , cracking it open against its spring.I 'm a 260-pound guy with reasonably strong hands , but this is going to be a trick while holding the can up to a filler neck . It takes everything my left hand can do to open the valves . In addition , parts of the mechanism jab you on both sides of your hand.After noting that the force required to open the valve was actually flexing the top of the can , I applied a drop of spray lube to the valve stem . That eased friction against its packing and made it more manageable to operate.All this certainly helps to childproof the can , though it is labelled `` not childproof . '' I could certainly design a less crude and more usable system.The vent cap , which is also the filler cap , does not latch in the open position , so you have to rely on the gas pump 's filler nozzle to prop it open . Nor does it open a full 90 degrees . Coupled with the flame arrestor screen in the neck , you really can not see into the can as you fill it .
 I could n't believe how easy it was to fill my generator with gas using the Eagle U2-51-S . I had to look into the generator gas tank to confirm that the gas was actually flowing.I wish I knew about this tank before wasting $ 35 on a 5 gallon plastic one from a local marine store . The plastic one was a struggle to hold and the nozzle broke during the second fill .
 It 's a well made gas can . It is expensive but on the other hand it is one of those items that you buy once and probably will never have to replace it.I went cheap and bought two 2 gallon plastic gas containers and they were a disaster . They leaked when you tried to use them . Once filled you could always smell gasoline where ever I stored them . Emptied and tossed them in the trash for this can . No more gasoline smell when this can is filled.Also the longer spout is a plus when using the can.I 've read reviews when the can was delivered with a dent in it . In my case the can arrived in perfect condition .
 As everyone knows gas can technology has been moving away from usefulness and into a rubric cube safety devices making the pouring of gas near on impossible . The old go to plastic 5 gallon lost its vent hole for an elaborate spout system which constantly fails . This Eagle is as close to old school as you can get these days . Large stable base , does n't fall over at the gas pump . Long metal spout reaches the device you want to fill . The spring vent cap a little difficult at the pump but doable.Spring load valve -LRB- grad and pull open -RRB- not perfect but easier to work than the plastic nonsense . The price thru the roof but I figure as they add safety devices to future Eagle cans to make them non-functional these will continue to go up in value . ON a dark winter night with the generator -- you 'll be glad you spent the extra money .
 Easy pour , easy fill . Empty into your car without spilling a drop . I was so tired of plastic five-gallon cans , with so-called , no-spill nozzels that broke after a few uses . Yes these are more expensive than the plastic ones . But , buy one of these ... and never buy another gas can!I 've heard some say that they cause sparks and explosions . Not if you obey standard safety precautions . Never fill a can that is sitting in your vehicle . Put it on the ground . Letting go of the handle on these cans will stop any further gas or fumes from coming out . Once a plastic can catches fire , there is little or no chance of stopping it.I love this gas can ... I own four of them . I 'll never buy a plastic gas container again .
 I now have three of these and have long since tossed the junky plastic gas cans in the trash.These will last for a lifetime . They do not leak all over the place like the cheap `` no spill spouts '' . Your trunk will not smell of gasoline when you transport . It will not expand when left outside . You can use the spout to fill anything from a lawn mower to your car.Safer , better , stronger . Made in the USA . A really good investment .
 This gas can is great . It 's my second Eagle U2-51-S . The first I use for my lawn equipment gas-ups . With the first gas can I was really impressed with the lack of gas odor in my garage , and even in the car when transporting the gas from the station to home -LRB- not at all like those plastic cans -RRB- . This gas can sits in my patio with the generator it 'll run . And again there is absolutely no gasoline smell in my patio , vinyl windows open or closed ... does n't matter . Definitely recommend !
 It 's hard to get excited about a gas can , but if any gas can could excite , it may be the Eagle . The few eagle gas cans i 've used over the years have never failed . I have one that is at least 40 years old . From my experience , you lose them before you wear them out.The last plastic 5gal can 's nozzle cracked after 10 years , so I decided to get an Eagle and help save the planet from more plastic waste . Not surprisingly , the newer Eagle cans are much better designed than they were 50 years ago with controlled pressure relief at the fill hole and no-leak safety valve on the nozzle as standard . I agree with the other reviewers that a complete fill in very hot climate will lead to spills
 Best gas can since the government got involved with the spouts . You may pay more , but it is worth every penny you spend . What I like the best is it empty 's quickly . It also does not smell when you transport or store it in the garage .
 The Eagle 5 gallon gas can is everything I needed and more . Great price and very good quality . I look forward to many years of use .
 I hunted around for one of these for a while . It seemed a little pricey for me until I got it and now I see why.I 'm sure I will have this for years.I may buy another .
 This gas can has been terrific . I had a hard time with the price but it has been worth it . It will outlast ten of the cheap plastic cans .
 a lawn mower without spilling . I 'll use it primarily for storing gasoline then pour it into a 2 gallon plastic container to pour into my lawn mower and generator . I 'm sure it 'd be fine for pouring into larger capacity gas tanks such as a car , tractor etc. .
 I did n't realize it was so easy for other companies to mess up designing such a simple device ... but they have . After trying several cheap plastic gas cans at big box stores that were all junk , I looked to Amazon and found this Eagle can and took a chance on it based upon the positive reviews . Although it 's pricey , it 's night and day better and does everything you want and would expect ... easy to fill and easy to use without spilling . Plus it 's a type II safety can so you can feel secure about storing gas . I was looking at the smaller 2-gallon version but it was out of stock so I got the 5-gallon version instead and I 'm glad that I did . It 's not too big by any means . Perfect for home uses . Just fill it up to 3-4 gallons if you are worried about the weight . It 's made in the USA and built to last a lifetime and I expect it will . Do yourself a favor and buy one .
 If you have the resources you should get this product . The circular design of the can prevents it from falling over . Solid metal construction . I am glad I purchased this product . I especially like the fact everything is attached to the can and there is nothing to loose . Metal construction should last for a long time .
 I was looking for a high quality gas tank that would last more than a couple years . This gas tank is made to last ! It is easy to fill and pour . If you have hand strengh issues you will not like this product as you must pull the handle back in order for the vent to open . I have no doubt that this gas tank will last for a very long time ! Plus it is made in the USA which in my mind is always a plus .
 ... you take a little time to examine it for any leaks and lubricate all the seals.See below for my first experience : It leaks . What can I say ? I expect a can of this caliber to not leak . Period . Well , short of dropping it off a building or turning it upside down , full of gas , and beating it with a sledge hammer.Let me start by saying this is just an initial review . I 'll go back and change my opinion if it 's proven that I have a defective product . But other people have claimed there are leaks . And , the majority seem to say there are no leaks . I am leaning on the possibility that I just have a damaged can.When I pulled it out of the box , I looked right away for the infamous dent that so often appears on this can . And , what do you know , I see a one-inch dent on the side-wall , near the top , near the spout . No paint damaged . Does n't look like it would pose a problem . I called Amazon just the same , though , and they said I have the option of returning it or getting a 20 % discount for the cosmetic defect . Wow ! Amazon proves once again what excellent customer service it has.Second test . I put a little gasoline in there and watched what happens when I turned it upside down and shook it around . Second disappointment . I see a small stream of gasoline coming out the spout . This also happens -LRB- or , rather it drips -RRB- when I unscrew the spout and do the same thing . It appears to leak with the spout on or off , but more quickly with the spout on -LRB- weird -RRB- . I also filled it to 3.5 gallons and tried turning it upside down again . A little more spilling , not a ton , but trickling out . That 's to be expected , I guess , with my first experience . I have heard that lubricating some part in here -LRB- i.e. petroleum jelly -RRB- will do the trick to seal it , but I am not exactly sure what part they meant or what that is supposed to say about the quality of the can still.I must say , the seals on the fill hole and the spout seem to be good so far . But , that one leak is extremely annoying , and while initial tests have shown it probably will not cause an issue for what I immediately intend to use this can for , I demand quality for such a price , especially if Eagle is supposed to be an industry standard and American made . Rather , it feels like I am dealing with yet another China-made product.Update : One word
 I work at a refinery , and this is all we use for all oils/gasoline . I tried using the plastic totes that were available locally , but they are just so low quality I did n't want to waste my money . I plan on using this to store gas for my generator over long periods of time , and I did n't want to get something crappy.As it would happen , I got to test the anti spill features while driving home . After filling it up , I took a turn a bit too sharp . The gas sloshed around pretty good , and not a drop escaped.The filler neck is a big help as well . Made filling up the generator very easy.Highly recommended from an owner of many crappy gas totes .
 We use these for ATV trips . Very sturdy , well made , works as advertised . The venting works like a charm , much better than the new no vent cans . No more plastic gas containers for us .
 It had been a while since I bought a gas can so I was in for a rude awakening . Thanks you Big Brother Government for once again messing with my life ! The new `` safe '' cans are anything but . No vent so they pour slowly meaning you get tired holding it and sometimes slip and spill . The lack of vent also means they sometimes explode with the buildup of pressure when they get warm in the summer heat . Whoever invented the safety switches must be an alien with 3 hands ! This can is GREAT . A nice long flexible METAL spout that does n't require a funnel . An easy to hold release and a vent that opens when you pull the release AND releases pressure buildup . Plus it 's made of heavy gauge metal . Yeah , it 's expensive but now every time I use it I remember the junk they sell in the home stores and smile .
 I bought this can to get me an extra day or two between fill-ups with my car.The can is great . I filled up the can with 4.5 gallons and put the can in my trunk . After an hour drive , I did n't notice any fumes in my car.I 'm giving 4 stars because of the spout.WARNING
 When I received the can there were a few very minor blemishes -LRB- mainly small dents near the top -RRB- as noted in some of the other reviews . Nothing major and certainly nothing enough to consider sending it back . The can is a little lighter weight than I was expecting and the handle mechanism to dispense the gas is a little clumsy to use in my opinion . Once you 've done it a few times it becomes easier to manage . It is nice to be able to get the can into position before starting the flow of gasoline . I know a $ 10.00 can from the hardware store will hold and dispense gas but I do feel better having this in my garage versus a plastic can .
 I bought this can first and then purchased the Justrite safety can some time later . I really like the Eagle can , but the Justrite is ... well . . not just right . The Justrite can has an inferior design . While the Eagle can cracks the fill port cap automatically when you pour the Justrite can has no such venting action . The result is that the Eagle can just outperforms the Justrite can . Dispensing from the Eagle can is controlled and fairly fast considering the diameter of the hose . I like the Eagle and would gladly exchange my Justrite for another Eagle can .
 This is a great gas can . Very sturdy and great quality , pefect size . I use it for tailgating as an extended tank for my Honda generator .
 I ordered three of these . They all arrived fine . No dents or any trouble at all.This is a solid gas can . I needed to replace a few old plastic ones which I have just put up with for a long time . These have a bullet proof look and feel to them . The spout points down like in the picture so you can insert it into the tank/container you are filling before to start to tilt and pour . That 's way better then the typical plastic can that has a spout pointing up.I wanted a tough well built can and I am very pleased.I would definitely buy again and recommend to a friend .
 VERY HAPPY WITH VENDOR , SHIPMENT WAS ON TIME . LOVE THE SAFETY GAS CAN , POURS FAST AND IS MORE SAFE THAN PREVIOUS CANS I 'VE HAD . RECEIVED WITH A DENT , BUT WAS ABLE TO PULL IT BACK OUT .
 This is an excellent well-made gas can that is very user friendly . Far superior to cheap , difficult to use plastic cans . Built to last and well worth the cost . And it 's made in the USA !
 I just received my Eagle gas can and it had a large dent near the top . I thought it was curious that the other two reviews indicated the same issue . I have returned mine to Amazon and they have immediately shipped out another one . Great service from Amazon but if this second can has a dent , there needs to be some serious product quality checking at Eagle . If the second one is damaged , I will not buy this brand .
 I purchased this item from Denny And Kathy 's Superstore , which had a price that was a few dollars lower than Ace Hardware . When the can arrived it was in new condition , except for a small one inch dent near the top . I suspect that another reviewer described the same dent on two cans that he ordered . I would not return it for the small dent , but if this seller ordered a shipment that was factory seconds due to the small dents in a production run , I believe they should mention it in their listing . I would recommend this item at this price point .
 I found this container for $ 25 cheaper than the commercial supplier I normally order from . I read the reviews that some came in dented but for 25 dollars cheaper , I can live with it . I was surprised that it came in like the ones I purchase from the supply house-prestine . In my opinion , this is the only way to carry and store flammables.The plastic ones are just good for emergency situations . I have the similar can for diesel -LRB- yellow -RRB- that I use for emergency heating fuel . These cans are leak-proof so dispensing fuel is a little tricky .
 The item arrived in a timely manner and was not damaged in any way . I am very pleased with the quality and all the features . If it ever comes up that I need another one I would not hesitate in buying the same identical can.I highly recommend this well built can with all the safety features .
 I will keep this review short and simple . This gas can stores 5 gallons of gasoline safely and securely . You do n't have to be concerned with puncturing or rupturing the can , like you would with a plastic container . If you are looking to fill up and empty in a relatively short time , then I would say go with the less expensive plastic containers . If you are looking to store gas for an extended period of time , then spend the extra money , and have the piece of mind knowing that this container will do the job safely and effectively . The removable nozzle is also a benefit , as it makes storage of the can easier .
 Bought this a while back and have n't actually used it till just recently when I filled up my tractor with gas.It is true what others say about not having all those gas fumes to breath in.When I used my old plastic 5 gal gas container , I had to hold my breath , andwalk away because the fumes would choke me.This can is amazing , there are no fumes when you fuel up.Also it is extremely well made , and will last a lifetime . Nice change from allthe products we buy from china that we have to keep replacing every 2 years.Definitely worth every penny . I so recommend this can . Save you lungs andbreath while you are filling up .
 bought two plastic 5 gal cans manufactured in china by two different manufactures , both were defective and had to be returned.ordered this from amazon , made in usa , and it does n't leak gas all over everything like the plastic models do , costs more but how much is you car or house worth , how about your life ? I 'm ordering a couple more for diesel and karoseen . Ca n't beat them .
 I purchased this can post Hurricane Sandy because I needed additional cans for the generator and could not find any available locally . the result was the best gas can I have ever seen . Created with only one seam around the bottom of the can , this looks to be the most solid I own -LRB- I have a few of the Justrite cans which have multiple seams -RRB- . The spout connects in a very reliable fashion - overall nothing to complain about whatsoever.Best of all was the Amazon service . They arrived much sooner than the estimate , unfortunately one was dented . Amazon had it replaced in a matter of a few days . Outstanding transaction from any measure
 Very sturdily constructed but the design has some ergonomic problems . The pull release is very difficult to operate and does really need a redesign . Also needed is a block to prop the fill port open when filling . I crafted one that works well but the manufacturer really should inlude one with the can .
 No odor , no spilling ... I read other reviews for details on how to use it . It required attention to detail to fill and pour correctly , but it worked as I had hoped
 I like this can but it is a bit difficult to open the valve based on the design . The can is high quality and does not leak and has a solid base . I would purchase more as needed .
 This is a great gas can , it replaced a plastic container with plastic tip that likes to leak . It 's an old fashion well build device , recommended for someone looking for a gas can they wish to last , . .
 This is a very high quality steel gas can -LRB- made in the USA -RRB- with a high quality brass fitting for the flexible nozzle . It has a bright red durable enamel finish and is built to last for many years .
 Although I keep several cheap plastic five gallon gas cans around for emergency use to power my generator , this can is my day-to-day can for all of my gas powered appliances . Given the limitations that current government regulations put on gas cans , this is probably as good as it is going to get . It is easy to handle and pour and the spout is long enought to direct gasoline where you want it to go without spilling . This can is worth the extra money as a &#34; go to &#34; gas can for everyday use .
 Five gallons of treated gas safely stored and sealed a galvanized steel volume - this is the way , ultimate safety and convenient accessibilty ...
 I purchased this safety gas can along with a similar Justrite productJustrite 7250120 AccuFlow 5 Gallon , 11.75 '' OD x 17.50 '' H Galvanized Steel Type II Red Safety Can With 5/8 '' Flexible Spoutto replace a 30 year old Blitz Jerry can . Having got both at the same time and having experience with both side-by-side , I ca n't help but compare them . I consider this Eagle can to be the better of the two , despite the higher price . I use these safety gas cans for emergency gas supply for my family 's vehicles , for back-up gas supply when I go camping in the boonies , and for supplying home-based gas-powered tools . Based on my experience so far : Pros : * Leak proof - This can has not leaked vapors or liquid despite much sloshing around and handling . The safety venting device does work well to release pressure when the can has been left in the sun . * Construction - This can is made from heavy gauge galvanized steel and has proven to be tough , durable , and dent-resistant . One feature of its construction that I especially like
 I purchased this gas can because I was looking for a high quality metal gas can with the safety features not found on the cheaper plastic containers . I also wanted one that I could handle fairly well when full.This can has the safety features I was looking for in that it is self venting . When heat builds up around the can -LRB- in your garage , in the sun , etc. -RRB- and the gas expands , the self venting fill port will automatically open slightly and close after it relieves the pressure built up inside the can . -LRB- spring loaded -RRB- The can is excellent , however , I gave it a 4 star because when you fully fill the can , the fill/vent port will leak gas out when tilted over if the can is filled to the top . This is because the fill valve safety bar is brought back to open the fill line when filling a gas tank or equipment and opens the vent port automatically , all at the same time for safety.The first time I filled the can , I filled it to the top . You should not do this as this will cause the gas to run out the fill/vent port and all over you and anything below the can . Since then , I fill it up with about 4.5 gallons or less . It does come with a longer than normal fill line to help reduce tilt on the can.Overall , I would recommend this can to anyone . A little precaution to place about 4 to 4.5 gallons in lieu of a full 5 gallons and it 's perfect for filling with the extended fill line and self venting port . If it 's quality and safety you want , this is the can to buy . It 's a little pricey , but well worth the comfort of knowing it 's safe to store in the garage or shed .
 I love this gas can . It is my new favorite . I am in the lawn business , so i use alot of gas cans . This one is by far the best . The nozzle angles as you need it . When you pull the valve to open it also opens the vent , so the gas pours very fast if you want it . There is no chugging for air like other gas cans , witch make it pour really slow if there is no vent . You will be happy with this purchase .
 I would have given this product 5 stars if it were not for the reason behind the rest of what I wrote below.Update
 My Eagle Type II 5 gallon gas can also arrived with the previously noted dent . The Amazon outer box was not damaged and the Eagle box initially appeared undamaged . However , the expected dent was there . -LRB- I ordered this can even though other Amazon reviewers warned me of the dent . -RRB- To my surprise , when I opened the fill/vent , the dent popped out leaving no sign of damage . I live at 5,000 ft so the difference in atmospheric pressure helped . It was also a good sign that the can can maintain a seal under altitude changes . Further inspection of the Eagle box did show where the dent occurred . *** The dent issue aside ... the can is easy to fill and use . There was no gasoline odor in my SUV when I transported the can . -LRB- The gas pump automatically shut off at 4.5 gallons . -RRB- I recommend this fuel can , especially since it is a Type II and provides significant safety advantages over Type I cans . Also , it has a metal spout which means it should last much longer than any plastic apparatus . I wanted a GI style can due to its shape , but this can is only 12 '' in diameter and I can make it fit in my vehicles .
 Recommended type two gas can.I bought this gas can to replace several older , but functional metal and plastic cans . I wanted a can that did n't balloon up in the heat like plastic cans and did n't require fussing with wet nozzles . As a gallon of gas has the same destructive potential as a stick of dynamite , I preferred the safest can available . This item met all requirements . However , a couple of important items are missing from the product description . -LRB- do n't bother looking for instructions -RRB- Firstly , how the opening lever works . Pulling back on the `` S '' shaped wire bail both opens the dispense valve and cracks open the fill valve which acts as a vent to both prevent glugging and speed dispensing . Type 1 cans have a single valve for filling & dispensing . Better to have type 2 . Secondly , there 's a trick required to fill it from a modern gas pump . Pump nozzles have a feature that ensures the nozzle is fully seated in the vehicle fill port in order to dispense fuel safely . Here in California , it 's a metal ring on the fill tube that needs to be moved up . This ring is difficult to see as it is obscured by the rubber vapor recovery bellows . If you put the nozzle in the can fill port , the screen will prevent the nozzle from seating thus preventing fill . The trick is to use the thumb grip feature on the fill cap to press the nozzle ring up . In other words , slide the pump nozzle down into the can fill port as the spring loaded cap presses against the nozzle tube . Continue to press down to move the pump ring up . Now you can squeeze the pump handle to gas up.My can came in two parts . The fill tube was well made from high quality materials but had some corrosion on the brass ferrule and galvanized tube . Brass corrosion is blue-green -LRB- copper carbonate -RRB- . Galvanized -LRB- zinc -RRB- corrosion is white . I suggest a coating of oil , rub in , wipe off.This can is stored in my wood shed . -LRB- aka spiderville -RRB- These critters like to find narrow places to build their nests . I epoxied a small magnet onto a cork to plug up the nozzle end to keep them out . The magnet just keeps me from loosing it when fueling .
 This is a solid safety gas can . Just like others have reported , the can had a small 1-inch dent near the top . This seems to be due to the shipping box and location of the filler spout when packed . I think that the filler spout gets compressed against the can during shipping and causes the dent . Not a big deal though . The paint is not compromised and the can functions perfectly . Only small issue is that the can comes with no -LRB- as in zero -RRB- instructions or documentation . The manufacturer answers this by telling you to refer to their website description of the can . This describes the can , but does n't really explain how to fill and pour gas or how the vent operates . It is easy enough to figure out , but you would think that a relatively expensive safety can would come with documentation . I have filled the gas can and poured it to fill my boat . No leaks . Easy to use . Overall , a very good gas can .
 Its hard to get excited about gas cans and most people -LRB- like me -RRB- probably never spent a lot of time thinking about them.However , I wish i new about these 10 years ago.I dont write a lot of reviews , but this brand of safety gas cans has truly impressed me . I strongly recommend them as immediate replacements to all who use the `` non venting '' , `` no spill '' plastic gas cans / nozzles . They dont cost much more money than the plastic ones sold everywhere and will pay for themselves in safety and thru years of reliable use.I 've gone through a dozen or so plastic `` no spill '' gas cans and ventless `` no spill '' nozels from all sorts of manufacturers . EVERY SINGLE one of those chinese made , ventless cans / nozels eventually broke but always spilled , dripped or leaked gaseline EVERY time i used them . I am just flabergasted how typical my experiences are with everyone else i talk with . Those things are DANGEROUS and environmental messes . Everyone seems to just deal with it , but ... Everyone i work with eventually re-fills hot tools with gas -LRB- weed eater , chainsaw , generator , snow thrower , lawn mower -RRB- to keep working . Its only a matter of time before the JUNK `` non spilling '' plastic cans and nozels lead to a fire.These cans are MADE IN THE USA and are FAR safer and cleaner than ANY of those PASTIC CHINESE made `` no spill / no vent '' cans.These cans dont fall over in the bed of the truck on dirt roads . They are easy to fill and operate . AND THEY DONT SPILL a drop . Even better , the flexible metal nozzle allows very good visibility around what is being filed so overfilling is less likely.The TYPE II is more money than the TYPE I but easier to fill and more convenient.Other metal cans are no longer made in the USA and seem to have lowered their material and QA standards.At about twice the cost for the `` big box '' retailer plastic ventless cans , these steel , ultra safe , ultra high quality American made gas cans are just about the easiest purchase I 've ever made.I strongly recommend -LRB- as I did with my family and friends -RRB- when the plastic cans you are using are empty , dispose / recycle them and replace them with these Eagle type II gas cans .
 Wow what a difference from the cheaper plastic cans with spouts that really do not work . This can feels extremely durable . Handle for initiating pour fits four fingers so it is easily pulled . Have to be careful not to open the rear latch too much if you have overfilled the can ... gas can spill out from there for a couple seconds . Only takes once to realize this for you to learn . After this operator error , can worked flawlessly . Very happy with purchase.Note after 2 years
 After my share of owning a plastic gas container and seeing it swelled up like a balloon -LRB- ready to burst ? -RRB- , I opted for a metal gas can . I decided on this Eagle product based on the positive reviews . It is well built . It does n't leak gasoline vapor after you filled it . Mine came with several dents as mentioned by other reviewers . Amazon was kind enough to send a replacement . But guess what , even the replacement had similar dents on it . Go figure ! Another gripe I had was the difficulty of filling the container at the pump . In California , most gas station pump nozzles requires a tight seal for the auto-shutoff to work . With this container , there is a metal screen just below the can 's opening . This make it impossible for me to push the gas pump nozzle deep enough to get that seal , so no gas can be pumped . I finally figured out that if you use a plasic funnel you can get a good seal around this and this eventually allowed me pump the gas into the container . No other reviewers mentioned this problem so it must be an isolated issue . Overall , this is a much better and safer container than any of those plastic ones .
 This gas can is very durable and safe . The only things I find difficult to do are
 This is a well-made , heavy duty gas can . It only has one flaw . While it is extremely easy to fill -LRB- open cap on rear hole , hold gas nozzle in against filtering screen , fill until gas nozzle shuts off , cap springs shut -RRB- , the major flaw is that the rear cap is spring-loaded . It opens up too easily , thus leaking fuel . I 'm not quite sure how to feel about this . It prevents pressure from building up , but can spill gasoline.Also , watch that you do n't slip on ice while carrying this down a hill . The first time I filled this up , I did just that , the can landed upside down , dented the vertex of the dome , and spilled gasoline all over me . -LRB- How smart am I ? -RRB-
 ARRIVED WITH DENT IN CAN BUT THERE WAS NOTHING WRONG WITH THE BOX , BOTTOM COULD BE THICKER , PAINT PEELING OFF AFTER A FEW MONTHS BUT OVERALL A NICE CAN . IT ONLY TAKES A FEW MINUTES TO POUR INTO A CAR , NOT A HALF HOUR LIKE THOSE OBAMA CANS !!
 Stop buying those cheap plastic gas cans that break , fade and leak . This is the best lawn-and-garden gas can you can buy . Period .
 I purchased from Amazon.com with free Super Saver Shipping - arrived in excellent condition with no dents .
 This is the can you are looking for . Built like a tank -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . No flimsy plastic parts . Will work for years , no doubt .
 This is a very stout gas can , which I bought to replace a big box store junk plastic jug . That one would build up pressure until the square sides were bulged out and the bottom was not flat anymore . The nozzle on that would also spill gasoline , when it worked . Finally got frustrated and bought this one.Pressure gets released before it gets to high automatically . The flexible metal spout is helpful to maneuver into whatever you are filling up , and once you get it positioned , you pull the release handle and fill your machine . Hardly any gas is spilled , whatever does is in the form of small drops from the residue in the metal nozzle after you fill up the lawnmower/snow blower . Best of all its made in the USA , big plus for me.Drawbacks to this size are when it 's filled with 5 gallons of gas , it 's heavy . Also if you have small hands it is a stretch to hold the carry handle AND pull the gas release lever at the same time . Other than that , this is a great gas can that I plan on having for a long time.It is easy to fill at the gas station , just pop open the fill hole , you can leave the nozzle on and never have to remove it .
 Based on the many reviews on this can I figured that I would get a quality product with a dent in the top that was really hard to operate ! Well , while I had no dent , it absolutely does not leak and has a positive smooth flow of fuel when you pull the flow handle back . Yes , it is stiff and if you are pretty weak in the arms and/or hands it is not as easy as one of the cheap plastic ones with two handles on them to pour.However , this is the highest quality gas can I have ever had and it does exactly what it says ... It pours with a smooth no splatter flow and it does not leak . If it had a second pour handle on the edge of the can to help hold a full can while pouring I 'd give it 5 stars and it would be perfect .
 Much easier to use than the plastic cans with newer -LRB- CA approved -RRB- spouts . Fuel empties faster and easier , with one-hand operation . One hand holds the can , squeezes the fuel valve open , and also squeezes the air vent open . If it hold up , I should give it 5 stars .
 I 'm disabled with R.A. , The size and characteristics of this product is easy to handle . Large carrying handle , easy operation of spout valve , release and positive shutoff . Automatic venting makes this more simple to handle .
 This is a replacement for a series of plastic containers that seem to fail at an all to regular pace . I love the look and feel of this can and the built in venting feature . This item should last a very long time . The only improvement I would like to see would be a grip on the bottom of the can to assist in control of the pouring of gas when the can in full . Good item .
 Like others , I was looking for additional gas storage after Hurricane Sandy . These type of metal gas containers are approved by NFPA for gas storage and transfer . For those who are not familiar , NFPA sets guidelines for almost all industrial and building codes and regulations regarding fire safety and practices . The container 's shape makes them very stable . The release handle opens up the spout and vent at the same time and the flexible spout keeps spills to a minimum . The spring loaded seals keeps the gasoline fresh much longer and reduces fumes when you are transporting gas in your car . They will also automatically close once you let go of the handle which provides an additional level of safety . The gas tanks are made to very high quality standards . For me , the are worth the extra cost .
 perfect , I had alot of different types of gas can before , mostly plastic ones , never held up , hoping these will last longer
 I bought this after cursing my several CARB plastic containers for cracking at the siphon threads and sllllllooooow action because they lack relief openings and one has to ` burp ' them along to get a decent flow rate.The Eagle can is simple to refuel at the pump . Although the wire mesh only allows the pump nozzle to enter 2 or 3 inches , I did n't have to do anything different than I 'd normally do . Maybe it 's because a marine gas nozzle has no auto shutoff feature -LRB- I do n't know if that 's true -RRB- . The workaround others have used if you DO have an auto shutoff hose is to position the flapper valve that you lever up with your thumb so that it holds the pump shutoff mechanism open while you pump . Bob Weir -LRB- who also has reviewed this can -RRB- explains it better than I. Thanks , Bob!I 'm not completely mechanically illiterate , but I * did * take awhile to figure out how to pour with this can . I assumed that you only had to lift the silver shutoff handle -LRB- the silver rod contraption that sits hinged under the red carry handle -RRB- to open the inner shutoff valve and let gas flow . Lifting it did n't seem to do much , but what do I know from metal gas cans . So I stood there like that for awhile before I started experimenting with it . Turns out that you have to squeeze the silver handle together with the red lifting handle . Not only does that apparently open the inner shutoff valve , it definitely opens the flapper valve behind the handle -LRB- you can see it obviously doing that when you squeeze them together -RRB- . Okay , maybe I * am * a mechanical moron . But I figured it out inside of 5 minutes . Now I have a nice , sturdy gas can that pours far more quickly than the plastic crap you can buy out there
 I got tired of the plastic gas cans , spouts that did n't work , broke or were just hard to use , and the ones that actually sealed would swell up or collapse with temp changes . The 5 gal eagle type II safety can with spout works , is stable during transport , and with the 7/8 &#34; spout I can fill small engines without problems . Expensive but worth it
 I just received this two weeks ago and it is a great design . As others have said there is no smell from vapor leaking out and it pours without spills . Mine arrived without any dents . They double boxed it and used alot of paper packing , maybe they finally figured out how to ship it correctly .
 I was surprised at how difficult it was to find a 5 gallon gas can that was not plastic and did not have a plastic nozzle with a break that is tough to use . I found this one online and it is exactly what I was looking for . The price was right , and it was delivered in 2 days , it does n't get much easier then that.Eagle U2-51-S Type II Gas Safety Can 5-Gallon Metal Red With Flex Spout
 Have you tried futzing with the crappy plastic cans during very cold weather ? It may seem too industrial grade for home use but I have not found a suitable alternative . The other reviewers here have already described the best features .
 While this can seals very well , it is a bit awkward to use at first as it requires the operator to hold the can and simultaneously pull another handle that vents the can and opens the valve to allow gas to flow . After using it a few times however , one becomes accustomed to using it . If you want to empty the entire 5 gallons of gas it will take some time with the smaller nozzle that is provided with the can . I understand a larger diameter nozzle can be purchased but the price was high , about $ 17 plus shipping.The can arrived with the dent -LRB- only cosmetic -RRB- as mentioned in other reviews . More than likely the dent is the result of the nozzle which is allowed to run loose inside the box containing the can . The solution is simple but it appears the manufacturer has not been apprised of the problem .
 I bought this can to replace a crappy plastic can with the spring loaded fill nozzle . This can is the best !!! Its easy to use , it has a regular fill hose , and I can control the flow of gas to the tanks . No more pushing down on my gas tank to activate those spring loaded nozzles . This is how a gas can should be !!! Heavy duty construction , great paint finish , no dents , perfect .
 I have a small generator that I use when the power goes out and I try to keep a couple of gallons of fuel on the ready . The plastic gas can I had started to leak and the gasoline fumes were unsafe . This can is heavy grade metal with safety openings . This is one of those examples where you get what you pay for .
 We use these on our snow machines for grooming trails so they go into the field and live rough lives . These are rather inexpensive as type II safety fuel cans go , but we now have three and been quite happy with them . The handle opening system works well too . We do recommend them .
 This will be the last gas can I will ever buy . I was tired of dealing with those cheap ones that you can get at any big box store . They leaked and did not pour well . This is well-made and very solid . No drips , no fumes at all . The hose end is a little stiff , so it takes up a bit more room than expected . The picture of the item shows the hose pointing down , but in my experience , you would have to push it fairly hard to get it like this . Perhaps it will loosen with use , but for now , it sticks almost straight out .
 Finally I ` ve bought a gas can that does n`t leak when pouring fuel !! All those plastic fuel cans are junk because of the pouring spout.As you ` ve heard before ... we can send a man to the moon and back again but who can design a spout on those plastic gas cans that does n`t leak ! . Only negative I have to say is that when I received the can it came with the infamous dent that other reviews have noted , thankfully that does n`t affect function ... I ca n`t believe it is due to quality control ... maybe it ` s the packaging ... all in all very satisfied with the product .
 I have only had 2 gallon gas cans for years , as all I use them for is a lawnmower . But after recently purchasing a generator with a 4 gallon tank , I decided to find a bigger can . I went to several stores and looked at plastic cans - I could n't figure out the safety vales on any of them . I actually broke one at the store trying to figure it out ! You need three hands , which is tough considering a 5 gallon gas can filled weighs about 45 pounds . So after reading reviews I bought this one . I was reluctant to spend $ 70 on it , but it is AWESOME !!! Solid , easy to use , safe , should last forever . Came in good shape , no dents , the openings work fine . I never thought I 'd be so happy about buying a gas can !!
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 This table works perfect for 2-4 year olds . Once kids get to be around 5 there is no way you can fit 4 kids at it comfortably . Also the table is a bit narrow and sitting 4 kids with plates and cups is a tight squeeze that we found was prone to much spilling .
 This product replaced a similar one that we had for over 10 years so it is durable . The new version is built even better and is easier to fill . Nice job .
 The sturdy metal thistle sock feeder will outlast the sock feeders we previously used , and replaced , once the squirrels tore open large holes in the mesh material in the sock and wasting the seed.Looks very nice extended from our deck -LRB- over the ground -RRB- on a pole that attaches to the deck rail.Once this feeder is filled with thistle feed , it will be fairly heavy , so make sure you have a secureconnection to whatever you hang it from . It took the variety of birds who frequented our feeders a few days to figure out that this new feeder had replaced the sock feeders , and had thistle seed in it ... but now we frequently see numerous birds on it at a time . Very satisfied with the Woodlink Metal Thistle Feeder . There is a Woodlink sunflower seed feeder too , that is very nice , but make sure you order the correct feeder for the seed you want to use . The holes in the sunflower feeder are larger and will not hold the smaller thistle seed .
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 Purchase this after looking for a gas container that will last ; believe me it will last . The only remorse i have is that it is far bigger than the picture on amazon , bigger is fine if you will be using 5 + gallon per week , but it is heavy ... . One other note ... the safty feature that the `` goverment '' mandated tank sucks !! ... this unit is not for use by my wife ... . safty at your own expense i suppose ...
 The product seems to function as listed.My citrus leaf miner infestation seems to have been brought to a crawl.Price versus amount is high .
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 It 's been working for almost 2 years now , and no problems . It installed easily , and is quiet . Easy to hook up .
 These door mats are great ! In simple terms , they do what door mats are supposed to do , clean the dirt and moisture from your shoes or boots . They are strong , sturdy and good looking ! The color choices will satisfy evry homeowner!We have them at every door in our home in Florida and our camp in Maine and they are as good as new after many years of use .
 I ordered two of these Cod door mats because I had to replace those given to a friend who wanted them . The originals were 10 years old but still looked new .
 I ordered this for my Husqvarna 48 '' Lawn Tractor , but this product is actually made by Poulan . Everything fit on the my tractor except the mounting bracket . I had to drill some holes in the bracket as well as heat and bend the fasteners that are made for the Poulan tractor to make it fit . However , once I got this on , the bagger itself works great .
 There are n't many in-ground pools in my city -LRB- short season due to being so far north -RRB- , so it 's difficult to find a hose long enough to reach the corners in the deep end . This was perfect .
 I just received my wind chime and could n't be happier ! Wow ... seller is super fast with delivery , a perfect transaction and highly recommended . No doubt , listening , relaxing , mediating daily to this wonderful chime that plays notes tuned to reflect the beauty that surrounds me will be a given . Thank you very much. : - -RRB-
 I got this stable fork for my grandson . My husband put a short handle on it so he could use it easier . It worked ... it is the right size for this nine-year-old . Thank you .
 I bought this tool so a small child could help clean out the stalls . It works great and seems durable enough .
 I used this to pull up three layers of flooring and subfloor during my kitchen remodel , the handle is quality wood and did not flex even with me overloading it , the scraper head cut thru many of the flooring neils , nice to see that there are still some simple well made tools available . .
 I ordered these by accident , did n't think I actuallly placed the order . Oh well . These are so tiny , I hope I do n't loose them before i get them upnorth for planting .
 Okay , so who 's heard of Nunavut ? I can easily picture this nicely colored , very well made flag flying over pround Nunavut residences and businesses . I was looking to fly a colorful knock off flag from some babana republic in my room to bring in some color . I was pleasantly surprised that this flag normally flies much farther north over a new province we should all be lucky enough to visit one day . Great flag , great place , great deal .
 A fun flag to fly in the winter in Minnesota . I enjoy the images of the Inuit people on their flag .
 The flag has good quality for the three dollar price . It looks like it may last two to three months on the pole . I would recommend it to a friend .
 Alpine SKY5 Mystery Zone Fountain Ice 17 Inch Diameter X 34 Inch High . I purchased one these about a month ago , and I absolutley love it , it is way more beautiful in person that in the photo . The glass is opalescent with swirls of color , mine is green and a misty white . It does n't matter what the color of the bowl is because the lights change the colors and it does n't appear to be green most of the time , so pick a color to go with your decor so it looks nice when it is n't turned on . The most powerful Mister I have purchased , and you can add essential oils to fragrance the room . You wo n't regret this purchase ! I only wish it had a remote so it could be changed from across the room . JenJ613
 Length :
 Love the fountain ! My mom has one , and I could n't wait to get one of my own . It 's very peaceful , and I 'm sure I will enjoy it for a long time . Debbie
 When compared to other brands of tube feeders , the price of this feeder may seem a bit high . But after you see one you 'll know why . There is no other tube feeder on the market that is designed and built as well as the Droll Yankees `` B '' series . I have accumulated about six of these various lenghs over the past several years , and all of them are still going strong . The 30 '' , 12 port executive model is my personal favorite.The Lexan plastic is heavier and far stronger.The entire feeder disassembles easily for cleaning.It has a very attractive design.The birds love it!Although they have to work at it , bears are about the only north american critter that can break this feeder . But even then you can still order new parts and rebuild your feeder at a fraction of the cost of a new one.Customer service at Droll Yankees is exemplary . The people there the best at what they do !
 I have many , many bird feeders . My favorites are the droll yankee 's . However of their feeders I like this one the best -- easy to clean and holds lots of seed . I live in a rural area and feed so many birds that in bad winter weather -- I can fill this one twice a day . It sure beats the small ones that I could almost fill hourly ! If the birds spill some then it is just cleaned up by my visiting quail . Do n't waste your money on any other tube feeder -- Buy a Droll Yankee ! I love their 30 '' Nyjer feeder also .
 This feeder is all you would expect of a Droll Yankee feeder . It is very solidly constructed , has lots of perches and is easy to fill and clean . I use this for black oil sunflower and it works great . I took it out of the box , filled it with seed and birds were all over it within 30 mins -LRB- I did hang it near other feeders -RRB- . It holds a pretty good amount of seed so does not require filling as often as some of the other feeders . All in all , I do n't see any negatives to this feeder am very impressed with its quality of construction .
 Pros
 This is my second Droll Yankees feeder and is a work of art . Unlike the feeder of another reviewer this one arrived in a perfectly assembled condition . She also had a concern regarding the length of the perches in that they would not support larger birds . The perch rods are shipped uninstalled and it is a bit tricky to get them in place . When they are centered they are , as she mentioned , approximately 11/2 '' long on each side . This is just about the same length as perches which are factory preinstalled.Although I can understand and certainly agree with her review the perch length does not cause me a problem . There are twelve potential perches on this feeder . However , the perches can be adjusted so that you can have different combinations of perches . For example , you can slide two perches to one side for large birds and still have 8 perches for smaller birds . Or , another example would be four for big bird perches and four for smaller ones . My own configuration is 12 perches for smaller birds and a tray -LRB- optional accessory -RRB- for the biggies . Works for me . The other reviewer is obviously a lady of talent and was able to obtain and install perches more to her satisfaction . My only concern would be whether the alteration would void the warranty.This is a very well built and very attractive feeder . It has a lifetime warranty . A genuine winner .
 I have come to the conclusion that my birds are Droll Yankee fans . This is my third of this brand in various sizes . They will empty them first before moving to any of my other feeders . I think it 's going to have to be my go to brand forever .
 I went through many bird feeders before I purchased this one . We have a large population of birds , seemingly always hungry , that would clean out smaller bird feeders in short order . Frankly , I purchased this one out of frustration over having to fill the other feeders so often . Well , I was more than pleasantly surprised when it arrived . It 's big and beautiful , holds four pounds of feed , is sturdy and guaranteed not to become cloudy . I was confused when it arrived , thinking that it needed a plug on the bottom before I could fill it . Since it arrived on Friday and the office was closed , I called and left a message . The company returned my call the following Monday , by which time I had figured out that I did n't need a plug and had filled it and placed it outside in a tree . I was told that there 's a lot of confusion about the threaded hole in the bottom , and I was not alone in my misunderstanding . The representative was friendly , understanding and helpful . An excellent product from an excellent company , and it 's made is America , which ca n't be said about many other products these days.If you love birds , love feeding them , and have lots of them , this is the feeder to get . I 'm very happy with it , and can highly recommend it .
 We LOVE these skewers . They are a perfect fit on any dinner size plate , clean up easily and are great to have when using a small grill such as the Weber Q . We can get 8 onto ours ! Because we raise Black Angus beef , we believe in serving a lot of it ! Just the sight of the simple presentation of succulant , juicy meat dripping onto -- not over the edge -- of your plate makes your mouth start to water and your stomach start to GROWL ! The Circle Skewers also add a touch of class to any grilled meal ! You wo n't be sorry you ordered them !
 These skewers are great for what they 're supposed to be . The food slides on and off easily . I bought them so they would fit more easily on a standard-sized plate , and I was pleased with my decision . While they look interesting and take up less space , it can be a little annoying to take off the last few pieces of food from the very inside of the circle -LRB- winding it all the way around can be a little frustrating -RRB- , but this was to be expected . If you 're looking for round kabob skewers , these are a good choice .
 These cute little skewers are fun and easy to use , and a little different from the typical skewers . Kinda space-saving on the grill too .
 They are different
 This product should be labeled as a `` Mr Heater '' propane guage . It does not measure the level of liquid propane in your tank . However , it does measure the ability of the vaporized flow of propane gas to keep up with the usage of your propane appliance . The red , yellow , and green indicator disk on the circular dial makes it easy to see how your propane use is doing before you completely run out . Its debatable if you need to know `` exactly '' how much liquid propane is still in the tank . The vaporization indicator on this guage has been useful for me .
 I did n't have anything break , unlike some people . There are supports under the side platforms that helped hold the burgers , beers , and stuff like that . I had no issues , but I can see if something up there breaks it wo n't close . The strap is connected to the end platforms.It cooked extremely well . It got hotter than my round George Foreman outdoor grill , and can hold more food . It was great , and much less expensive than some other brands . It 's still the Foreman-style closed grill so you do n't get `` flame broiled '' food , but it worked extremely well .
 Purchased this grill for camping with a pop-up and to take to the Nascar races , it is an awesome grill does just what it is advertized to do . I really like the grease trap on the back of the grill that collects the grease does n't run down into the grill to start flare ups . Thanks Amazon could not purchase locally and it arrived just as promised and in excellent condition.UPDATE
 i found this grill for 50 $ and it had free shipping , sold by amazon.com . it was a refurb , the only older part i noticed was one of the turn knobs . everything works fine . i bought an extension hose so i can hook up a 15 gallon propane tank , and everythings great . it came with everything in the plastic and it was all brand new . good deal for 50 bucks with free shipping . my friends dont believe me when i tell them how much i paid .
 I purchased one years ago and now purchased a second for a gift . Was indeed surprised to see that this item will not be made any longer . Have taken it camping on several occasions and cooked for 5 families each time . It is not to small or to big and it allows one to make a multitude of items because of the different cooking surfaces . Not very light in weight but solid in construction .
 This thing is AWESOME !!!!! We had borrowed one just like it for a tailgate party and I knew we just had to have one . The price was half of what every other store was advertising and the shipping was a fifth . I love Amazon and I will continue to brag about the website forever ! Thank you for such wonderful products and amazing prices !!!!!
 Higher quality than the last brand . Lightweight , wider and makes the task of pushing snow easy on your back . I need two more of them !
 Really effective , fast , and a joy to use . Great for wet and heavy snow Buy 2 , to keep harmony with the spouse .
 My husband needed something to remove the snow thrown onto the driveway by the snow plow . This snow shovel works great . Easy to slide , easy to scoop the snow , easy to dump the snow out of the shovel . It is very sturdy as well . Good purchase .
 Great shovel , no work on your back . Living in Northern NY with lake effect would have bought the larger size in hindsight .
 Just received this snow shovel and it 's sturdy and not too heavy ; the only problem is it comes with the handle at the longest setting and I 'm 5 ' 1 '' and ca n't get it to budge . There are two little buttons it says to push WHILE you adjust it . I can practically hang off it and the handle wo n't move !
 I purchased this ergo scoop at Home Depot for about $ 45 , after comparing it to a straight-handled -LRB- non-ergo -RRB- version at Lowe 's . What a difference ! This ergo handle really works . I know because I just cleared several inches of snow out of my driveway with almost no effort - it was fast , fun , and no back ache . Last week it took me several hours to clear the same drive with a regular shovel , and my back ached for the rest of the day.Plus the Ergo scoop itself is way bigger than the straight-handled version 's . Only sorry I did n't buy one years ago !
 Today I watched the woman across the street shovel her sidewalk for 1.5 hours with a regular shovel before I headed out with my sleigh shovel . I just pushed the snow along and when I wanted to dump it , I just tipped the shovel over into a clear area . No lifing required . In about 20 minutes I not only shovelled twice as much sidewalk my neighbor had , but I did n't feel like my back was going to be hurting later on . Today was our first major snowstorm and this item was worth every penny . However , be careful where you order this item from . I spent about $ 77 total with shipping from Ozbo while some vendors are charging ridiculous amounts of money for the product and/or shipping . $ 77 might seem like a lot for a shovel , but it saving time and my back all winter for the cost of one visit to the chiropractor is worth it . We had one of these for my condo association where I used to live and it was still in one piece after two winters . Since there are two of us in my household and one of us was stuck using the traditional shovel , I just placed an order for another one .
 This shovel has completely changed my outlook on shoveling snow ! I actually look forward to snow now . This shovel dominates both wet and dry snow , and I love using it . So does my back !
 This shovel moves snow very quickly and requires no lifting . The scoop holds large bites of snow and is non-stick so it empties with just a quick flick forward and back . Metal edge gives a good bite down to smooth pavement . Just do n't expect it to break through thick ice . Use this just after the snow stops falling and you will be amazed .
 I absolutely love this shovel ! I live in Wisconsin and just used it when my snowblower would n't start and we had a huge snowstorm with over ten inches of snow . The thing I was surprised about is how it just glides over the snow mounds and then you just shake the shovel forward and all the snow comes off . I also like the fact that it cleans down to the pavement without leaving any snow . Great product !!
 The only to get a better way to remove snow is to have someone else remove it ! When I lived in Alaska we had snow accumulation of over 4 feet . My sidewalk & driveway were kept completely clear of snow . Very easy to use !
 Just finished off clearing my driveway and sidewalk in record time , after Nemo dumped well over a foot of snow on our town.I 'm 63 years old , and I had no trouble handling this amount of snow , with very little effort -LRB- It was almost fun -RRB- . Excellent product easy to use , and really cuts through the snow .
 The name says it all - this is a sleigh and there should be no lifting whatsoever . A really well designed product that is easy to use and reduces wear and tear on your body . I am able to clear my drive and walks much quicker than before and without as much effort . It 's a beast .
 I just moved from the south to an area with 60 inches of snow annually . I was n't really sure if this would do the trick and if I needed to buy a snowblower someday . I 'm 100 % satisfied , no heavy equipment needed . Easy to use , will probably last forever if not left outside .
 The main advantgage to this shovel is that you rarely have to lift it . I found that I could shovel a lot more with a lot less exertion .
 This is the best feeder of the many I have used . The large clear dome keeps the seed dry and allows protection for the birds as well as good visibility for watching them come to the feeder.Well worth the cost forlongtime use and it has a lifetime guarantee .
 Along with several other bird feeders , I already had one small dome feeder , which I had purchased locally . Because of a lot of seed falling to the ground from the regular feeders , I had pigeons come to dine in my yard and sit on the roof of my house . I do not dislike pigeons , but I hate the mess they make . I found this wonderful feeder on Amazon and ordered two . I switched to these feeders exclusively and am so pleased . They are wonderful , a great size and hold quite a bit of birdseed . I can adjust the dome to keep unwanted birds out . I recommend this feeder , it is the best!The pigeons have given up and are flying elsewhere . The little sparrows that used to feed on the ground fly up to the feeders . All is well with our little singing friends .
 I have enjoyed this feeder because the visual for viewing birds is excellent . Multiple varieties will feed at the same time . It holds the bird seed well and a good amount . I have adjusted the height of the dome to prevent the squirrels from entering still allowing a blue jay to feed . I believe the birds feel secure while feeding inside the dome .
 This feeder is all I hoped it would be . It attracks a great variety of birds , while keeping the snow out . Best of all ... the pigeons ca n't get into it .
 I 've had a problem with doves consuming the expensive seed that I put out for cardinals . This feeder adjusts so that larger birds can not fit between the edge of the dome and the platform of the feeder . The dome top also is difficult for birds to land on which means that the feeder top stays clean . Cardinals can easily perch on the edge of the feeder and seem to prefer this feeder over other feeders that I also use.In short , the feeder works like I hoped that it would and I 'm entirely satisfied with it .
 Love the ease of cleaning and the fact that it has little holes so water drains out . Also , the cover is so generous that it keeps the seed dry unless there is a windblown rain . I have two filled with black oil sunflower seeds and have been rewarded with copious amounts of Goldfinch as well as Cardinals .
 I am big fan of this feeder and just purchased my 5th one ! The first one I got was well over 8 years ago and is still in good shape - all 5 are up in my yard . Not only do platform feeders attached all the common feeder birds , woodpeckers and nuthatches also use them . I also have bluebirds coming to them regularly for nuts and suet balls . I keep a small amount in the feeder which I refill twice a day and unless there is a lot of rain/wind the seeds stay dry . One thing that I like is how easy it is to clean , and if the seeds get wet , I just take it down , hose and dry it .
 I purchased one of these during the summer of 2010 . It does what it 's supposed to do well enough , which is allow cardinals to feed easily . Do n't expect it to keep out the grackles and jays ... it wo n't . They are clever and persistent birds and if they want to get at something they 'll find a way . You can set the dome pretty low and the chickadees and cardinals will have no trouble getting in . Lower it a little bit at a time so they can get used to it . I had no trouble with it keeping out rain and snow when the dome was set low enough . You will have to set the dome considerably lower than what you see in the picture.If you mount it on a threaded pole smear a coat of vaseline on the pole to help keep the squirrels out . I smear a coat of vaseline on all my bird feeder poles and the squirrels give up trying . I did n't have to repeat applying the vaseline unless new squirrels moved in . Once they realized they could n't climb the pole they gave up completely . They did n't seem to like vaseline on their feet.There is one thing I definitely do n't like about this feeder ... it is grossly overpriced . I think $ 30 is a good price for this product.Follow-up over a year later : Ha ! I see the price for this item has been reduced to below $ 30 . At that price I now give it 5 stars.I also have to add that one of the young squirrels that lives here does n't seem to mind the vaseline on the feeder pole during the cold months when the vaseline is stiff and not slippery . She climbs the feeder pole and wriggles her way past the small feeder opening . I 'll have to put up a squirrel guard for that . The feeder is still extremely effective at keeping out grackles and that 's my major plus for it . BTW , those clever blue jays will still be able to get in . This is far better than an ordinary platform feeder ... no contest .
 I love this Droll Yankee bird feeder . It is easy to fill and keeps the large birds from eating all the food . The larger birds are able to eat the food that falls on the ground ... so both benefit .
 I bought this feeder because the blue jays , flickers and a gray squirrel were dominating my current feeder and not leaving anything for the smaller birds . I love it !!! All of my little chickadees and finches easily get in and out and have plenty to eat . Very easy to refill . The squirrel and larger birds can not get to the seed and I have watched them try . My mother likes it so much she wants one too !
 This feeder does what it promises . All the neighborhood squirrels have given up on trying to `` beat it '' - and they have tried their best ! One of the finest attempts was a clever devil trying to gain entry by lifting off the filler cap . Too bad I missed making a video . Priceless moment - failure turned into frustration and rage - he managed to chew some paint off the cap then gave up - never to return .
 It is definitely squirrel-proof and Grackle-proof . Wanted to discourage the Grackles from monopolizing my feeders and this one does the trick
 I have two of these bird feeders and one Yankee flipper . I love them . I did n't give a good review the first week because young squirrels were able to get into the cage and eat ... BUT . They do n't stay young long and then FREEDOM !!!!! No more darn squirrels eating all my bird food . The birds love these feeders and I get a wide variety of birds . These feeders are well worth the money !
 I would most definitely recommend this feeder for smaller birds . My opinion is that it is well worth the money - though I would have been more pleased had it been a little less costly - and larger than expected -LRB- which has proved to be a good thing -RRB- . The clear cover is thick and sturdy and a great addition for keeping the birds/seed dry , and the green seed-cover lid is connected on the hanging-loop and is weighted giving the feeder a sound feel and making it easy to fill without losing/dropping the lid . Like a lot of ` birders ' , we had squirrel issues and have yet to see a squirrel hanging on it . Now having said that , the squirrels may have tried to jump on the cage shaking seed out of it but I have n't personally witnessed it . I do know that we are saving money on seed by not having the squirrels wasting a lot of it , as well as the blue jays and cardinals not being able to kick/knock out the seed . -LRB- We have a separate open-tray feeder for them which the squirrels will invade - but it 's just the one feeder -RRB- . I had ordered another caged feeder at the same time that I ordered the Droll Yankee SDC Green Wild Bird Feeder with Domed Cage - for about half the price - to compare the two but in my judgement the Droll is definitely worth the purchase , again wishing it were a little less costly . -LSB- Mixed Seed Globe Cage Feeder sold by Gardners Supply Co - gave it a rating of 4 - I do like it as well but have some dislikes , i.e. the tray at the bottom holds moisture , seeds/dust collect in base of tube below the feeding hole making it hard to clean ; and , was n't sure how big or how much of the lid/top would protect from rain -LRB- which is not much so had to provide my own rain cover - but my own oversight when ordering . -RSB-
 I installed this feeder on my double sided shepherd 's hooka few days ago and the birds did n't respond to it the first day . On the second day I put up the Droll Yankee Flipper feeder and shortly afterwards I had a large amount of birds at both feeders . The gaps in the wire are large enough for chickadees , finches , titmice , and other small birds to get through . The squirrels jumped up on it a few times , and have given up for now . The seed is too far inside the cage for them to be able to reach and shovel any out , and the plastic baffle on the top prevents them from reaching in as well . So far so good !
 This feeder has worked out great in keeping squirrels and raccoons away from the seed . It 's attached to the deck railing so that it hangs above the railing and over the ground . A wide variety of birds visit the feeder - our favorite - the Painted Bunting!Update - have had this feeder for quite some time now and have never had a problem with raccoons - until the very night I posted this review ! Still a great feeder but will be bringing in at night . Still give it 5 stars .
 I had tried all sorts of feeder setups on the tree branches outside my second floor window , but the local squirrels would raid them day and night ! They would hang upside down by their tippy toes and munch away , or lean way out and pull the feeders sideways , ruining the metal and plastic parts with their scratching and gnawing . This feeder was my big attempt to outwit them for good , and it has worked wonderfully ! I do n't even see the squirrels coming around and attempting to get the seed anymore . They know they have no shot at reaching the food now . I am officially a fan of Droll Yankees thanks to this product . The other nice thing is that the wire cage only allows the smaller birds to get in , like Chickadees and Finches . No more Blue Jays and Grackles comming around and scaring everyone else away.It 's simple enough to disassemble the bigger parts for cleaning , but a little tricky to clean the feeding tube . I had to unscrew all of the feeder ports to get at the inside better , and even then , I wished I had a bottle brush or something for the bottom .
 What a great feeder . Easy to fill , easy to clean , and the birds love it . Chickadees , finches , and nuthatches zoom in and out . I 'm surprised they do n't run into each other . Our woodpeckers want in but the cage keeps them and the squirrels out . The only downside is that the seed is gone in less than two days .
 I have a similar feeder from a different manufacturer that 's much smaller . This one is twice the size and twice as nice . Droll Yankee feeders are top quality and well worth the money .
 I have searched for a long time to find a feeder that would keep Stellar Jays from dominating our black oil sunflower seed feeders . This feeder does the trick ! The Jays are unable to hold onto the wire cage and reach the feeding tube ... problem solved . I have purchased three of these feeders and our smaller song birds are happy again .
 This is the best feeder ever . Only small birds can slip through the cage and sit on the perch . We have two other Droll Yankee feeders that are equally as effective against squirrels . We put safflower seed in one that the cardinals like and regular feed in the other for all the other birds . Love all these feeders .
 It is squirrel proof , and small birds love itWould recommend - daughter loves it - Christmas gift she likes
 It 's hard to find a better feeder that shields the feeding birds from the elements and predators . Also , spacing of the grid is large enough to keep the birds from getting a wing or toe trapped if panicked . Great gift for anyone with a cat that likes to feed wild birds .
 I bought this feeder for my wife after she saw it on Amazon . From the moment it came out of the box you could feel its solid constuction and quality . We are very happy with the feeder . We live in south florida where we have some amazing small colorful birds . Keeping out '' the wrong birds '' is much easier now . Now we can keep the smaller birds well fed as well as their bigger friends .
 This is super high quality , and does a fantastic job of excluding larger birds and squirrels.The dome also keep the seeds -LRB- and birds -RRB- dry in the rain .
 Like most folks that like to feed the birds , I suffer the same relentless frustration of trying to keep the squirrels away from them . I am constantly amazed at how they come to defeat all the baffles and devices I have set up to keep them at bay . Most of the time we come to just settle into an uneasy truce with them . If the baffle/special feeder works most of time , we learn to live with it . These caged feeders really are the only true defense that is pretty much fool proof when it comes to keeping the pesky varmints away . The so called `` Squirrel buster '' models that are so popular work very well most of the time . But defeating it is just a simple matter of the squirrel learning to hang down from above and grabbing the food without using his weight to activate any device . For most of us this is a very common and frustrating scene around our feeders . The caged model does n't stop a squirrel from getting onto the feeder and crawling all over it trying to get inside , but it does stop them from getting to the seed , and eventually they learn that their efforts are futile . They are the best investment there is in my opinion for defeating the squirrels . Even better than the squirrel buster . However there is one downside that should be considered before buying this feeder . Caging your seed like this comes at a cost for keeping the squirrels away . Even though a lot of people like the idea of keeping larger birds like blue jays and blackbirds away with this type of feeder along with the squirrels , keep in mind that it will also lock out birds that we tend to like having around as well . A cardinal can not get into this cage , nor can a blue bird , flicker , or the occasional red bellied woodpecker I enjoy seeing at my feeders . I own two of them and this past winter I even saw some juncos , a seasonal bird here that I like that were too fat to get inside the cage . For most of us these are birds that we either enjoy seeing stop by for a visit , or are just very rare and is a real treat to see at any time.In short , this caged system works very well at keeping much of the undesirables and riff raff away , but it also works equally well on some members of the first team . I recommend this cage for keeping squirrels and troublesome big birds away , but I do not recommend it if it is to be the only feeder , or feeders you own . It should be part of a regimen of other feeders that will allow the desirable species to dine on your wares as well . -LRB- Like the `` Squirrel Buster '' that is not as effective as this , but still the best open style squirrel proof feeder I know of . And it 's a whole lot cheaper than this too -RRB- . In conclusion , it works very well at what its designed for , but do n't use it alone . You will only miss out on a lot of very colorful birds that will be flying off elsewhere for their pleasure ...
 I have two of this model and one of the old model with the plastic bottom that catches the seed . All three are the very best . They are definitely squirrel proof -LRB- but not raccoon proof ! -RRB- . We live in a natural setting so the bird seed dropping to the ground is not a problem . I 've had the old model for at least 7 years and this SDC model for at least three . They not only last , but are easy to fill and clean .
 The product is well made , has a great design . It allows the little birds to fly in and feed , keeping the large birds out . The only problem I had was somehow the squirrels got onto it -LRB- probably climbed up one of my taller plants near it -RRB- and tried to chew through the wire . So I had to move the pole over to an area in my garden that had only low growing plants . I also have in place a squirrel guard on the pole to keep the chipmunks and squirrels away . All is well now and the small birds can eat without being scared away . I also have to say that I like doing business with a company that stands behind their product . I called Droll Yankee twice regarding questions I had and both times I received professional , courteous service and support . I would not hesitate to buy another one of their products !
 This feeder is squirrel proof & Grackle proof . Both were decimating the seed in the previous feeder in quick time . Now just the small birds can get to the seed .
 This bird feeder was a pleasant surprise . The squirrels ca n't reach in to get the seed no matter how hard they try . Only the smaller birds can fit in to get food which means that they can eat without the larger birds pushing them out of the way . The other nice thing is that the bottom of the cage surrounding the actual feeder is open , allowing for the few seeds that fall out to fall to the ground . I had another bird feeder of similar design but the bottom was not open and seed would build up on the bottom of the feeder . When it rained the seed would get all wet and moldy , which meant that I was always cleaning it . There was alot of wasted seed . No such problems with this feeder ! Unlike similar feeders that have a mesh feed holder , this one has a plastic tube to hold the seed with 4 ports for the birds to access the food . This really , really helps to reduce wasted seed and keeps it dry when it rains . It also has a nice plastic cover which keeps the rain off of the seed and offers some protection to the birds . This is so much better than the previous bird feeder I had . It is well worth the extra money to purchase Droll Yankee products !
 The cage on this feeder is just the right size to keep out those voracious starlings , but to let in all of the finches . I originally tried a cage made by a different company , but it was too small in diameter and the starlings were able to stick their head and neck through to get at the birdseed . The other nice thing about Droll Yankee tube feeders is that they are easy to take apart to clean thoroughly . And the customer service and lifetime warranty is great .
 Whenever I am in the market for a new bird feeder I always look to see what 's new , hoping for `` a better mousetrap '' . However , I just about always end up with a Droll Yankee product . I have bought at least a dozen over the last 15 or so years and they are all in service . Yes , they are a little pricey , but quality always is . Their products perform as promised -LRB- I have a Yankee Flipper that drives the squirrels nuts ! -RRB- and their customer service is the best.As for this particular feeder , I really like it . It a simple yet effect way to keep not only squirrels but larger birds away from the seed . I like large birds too , but often they chase off the little guys -LRB- Kinglets , various Finches , Nuthatches , etc. -RRB- . I have other feeders for the Blue Jays , Woodpeckers and Doves , this one is for the rest of the flock . I just wish that the capacity was a little greater but still it 's a wonderful feeder .
 This birdfeeder has solved my problem of how to feed my small chickadees , sparrows , etc without the pinon & steller jays swooping in an knocking all the seed out . It 's like a private dining room for the little birds . Within 5 minutes of hanging feeder up the little birds were going in and out of cage with ease.THis came to me as a gift and the first class craftmanship and sturdy cage makes it the best bird feeder I have ever owned .
 Soon as my feeder came in , it was cleaned , filled & hung . Not a single bird seemed to care ; however , once my larger feeder emptied ... I pulled it down for a few days so the birds could get used to it . Now the smaller birds love being able to eat without worry . It 's nice to see them enjoy the seed while a larger bird swoops down to the ground and eats their leftovers ! Although , the red-bellied woodpecker is too big to fit , he has figured out how to position himself just right to dart his head in to get some seed . It is a definate sight to see . Would recommend to anyone . And like most bird watching critics , the only problem with this feeder is you have to refill often .
 I was having a huge problem with the squirrels eating most of the birdfood I put out . Yeah , I know , the squirrels need to eat too , but I do n't care to feed the tree rats ... only the birds . This feeder definitely solves that problem . At first the squirrels tried to access the food , but when they learned it was not accessible , they 've quit trying . Now they only feed on what happens to drop to the ground . So , I give the product 5 stars . It does not allow squirrel feeding . Neither does it attract any larger birds . I only have titmouses -LRB- titmice ? -RRB- and chickadees and sparrows now . But that 's ok ... at least there are no pesky squirrels dining . The large glass dome keeps the birdfood dry & clean .
 I love this feeder . No squirrels , just lots of chicadees , and other small birds . I use either black or hulled sunflower seeds to reduce mess under the feeder . Thinking about purchasing another for a different location .
 The Droll Yankee bird feeder is well engineered and as I found out quickly , it is squirrel proof ! I laugh every time a squirrel jumps on the cage , crawls around 'n' round , trying to figure out how to get inside .
 This bird feeder is well worth the money ! The larger birds can not get to the seed , and I 've had plenty of them try ! Finally the smaller birds can eat in peace , and not be run off .
 I loved this feeder from the moment I took it out of the box , which by the way was packaged perfectly ! The product works as promised , and NO Grackles could scare , or take all the food from the smaller birds . I highly recommend this product . I will be purchasing another one of these in the future because of how well it looks and works !
 Whoever dreamed these up is a miracle worker !!! NO MORE grackles and squirrels !!!!! Fabulous product !!!!! We now have 3 and are happy beyond words .
 This works very good at letting the smaller birds feed with out being harrassed by the larger birds . It is easy to fill with bird seed . I recomend it .
 Several months ago I had purchased another manufacturer 's caged squirrel proof feeder . Unfortunately the diameter of the cage necks in at the bottom allowing the squirrels to feed from the bottom ports by hanging upside down . Feeder is typically emptied in less than 8 hours.The Droll Yankee cage , however , is large enough in diameter to prevent a squirrel from reaching in and feeding , regardless of it 's acrobatics . The only drawback I 've seen to date is that larger birds , like cardinals , will not use the feeder as the cage openings are too small.Every couple days I 'll fill my old squirrel proof feeder and give the cardinals and squirrels a treat !
 We purchased this bird feeder as a gift for our parents . We have been using one for a few years and it is holding up well , because it is built well . It 's easy to clean each spring , and the cage keeps the bully birds -LRB- and squirrels -RRB- away while allowing the little guys safety while they snack.The birdseed stays nice and dry through any rain event . We have never had any moisture leakage problems with this model . The seeds are gravity fed down through the smooth transparent bore and are available to the birds from 4 feeding openings.Refilling the bird feeder is done from the top . The top is metal , and fits snugly in place to prevent moisture from entering the seed tube . The feeder sits nicely on the ground while replenishing the seed , so one person can do it without any problems . Of course it has a nice painted built-in hanging loop.You can totally disassemble this feeder with common tools in a flash for thorough cleaning.Amazon packaged it really well , and we received it a day early . Thanks Amazon for the great price on this wonderful little bird feeder !
 This is a tough bird feeder and built to last ... The dome cylindrical roof protects the seed and the birds nicely from rain ... Definitely worth the money ...
 Worked great , no real articles or instruction on how to install it though . Do a search on YouTube there are a couple of videos that were perfect . Installed the sprocket and a new fuel line and the saw runs like a champ . 15 years and counting
 These planks are wonderful and add much flavor to your cooking . Be sure you follow the directions and continually spray water during the cooking process . If you do not and the heat is high on the burners , the plank will start on fire.I have seen planks at grocery and warehouse clubs for a lot less , but not sure if the quality is the same .
 I have been brand loyal to Droll Yankee for many years . They stand by their products and will replace without question any part that breaks - customer service is an A + . This feeder works as advertised - it will be full of finches and larger birds or squirrels leave it be . We are very happy with this feeder .
 I bought this feeder to keep the squirrels , doves , and black birds out - and it does this well ! I have another thistle feeder , and expected the seed openings to be small . They are . Only thistle can get through . I had mixed up a batch of thistle and canary seed , and the round seed would n't fit through . However , a little work with my Dremel , and both now fit through the slightly enlarged opening.The feeder is really well made , and cleaning is easy with no hidden spaces . I added a round plastic Glad container top to the inside bottom to catch the seed , by adding a little hole , and screwing it on the bottom assembly . Perfect , and cheaper than buying an additional tray.It did take a few days for the birds to venture inside the cage , but all the finches , especially the house finches , love it .
 It is exactly as described and exactly what I wanted
 This was a well made , durable bird feeder . My daughter requested it & she just loved it , made a hit .
 Very nice product . Quality is exc . Product works well for general trimming . Would buy again .
 I have been using a pair of these heavily for three years . After the last really bad storm , the cutting blade broke while I was cutting a three inch branch off a big tree that fell on my car . Fiskar 's website has a simple warranty form where you upload a picture of the broken tool after filling in your name , address and tool model number . Three days later , I received a replacement blade , totally free . I am very impressed . No hassle , fast support ! In days where so many companies are selling junk that breaks instantly , it is so nice to know that the Fiskar products are well built , and they stand behind them even if you do somehow manage to break them . When it comes to cutting tools , I will be sticking to Fiskar products !!!
 Outstanding ! Cuts through tree limbs like butter . Perfect size and quality that I was looking for . No complaints so far .
 Another Quality Product from Fiskars : Large 2 '' capacity is perfect and the compound action makes trimming large branches easy ! The fiberglass handles make it much lighter than expected which is another positive . I wish I 'd bought these years ago instead of trying to do everything with a hand pruner . Get them , you 'll love 'em . Jeff A - Denver CO
 So far I have used one of each type of wood . The cedar adds a bit more flavor to fish than the alder does , however the alder seems to char less than the cedar does . Both are great for grilling your fish , I have not tried it on other types of meat . One tip though , ensure that the wood is not over any part of your flame or you will burn the plank . I soaked them for at least 4 hours prior to their use , so they were saturated . I recommend these to any grilled fish lover , it adds a very unique flavor to the fish - yum !
 Estwing Rigbuilders Hatchtet deserves two big thumbs up ! I have owned Estwing 's Sportsmans hatchet for 20 years now and have always been very pleased with it 's strength and excellent edge cutting ability . This Rigbuilders hatchet is just as well made and still MADE IN THE USA!GO ESTWING !
 This hatchet performs beautifully . Being tool grade steel -LRB- not stainless -RRB- , it has begun to grow rust veins . It holds a crazy sharp edge , I made a cover to prevent accidents . It is very long , if you are going to use it as a hammer a majority of the time , I recommend checking out the carpenters hammer as it has a hammer/hatchet head but is a bit shorter . As my main purpose is for chopping wood I prefer the length for more power .
 love the flowers give them to little kids.really a great gift thanks so very very very much . Thanks thanks thanks thanks
 Other reviewers have pretty much covered it ; this is * the * flag kit to get if you want to fly a US flag on your home , regardless of weather conditions . I 've only had it up for two months or so , but it still looks brand new and during that time , it easily sustained some very gusty wind conditions . The only components I thought could be improved on were the clear plastic rings that hold the flag to , and permit rotation about -LRB- to prevent the flag wrapping around -RRB- , the pole . While they are attractive being clear plastic , I 'm uncertain how they will hold up over time , what with the tendency of plastic to become brittle in the sun . Regardless , I am very happy with the quality of this product and how great it looks mounted to my home . I fly it as tribute to a friend who was killed in support of Operation Enduring Freedom .
 I have to agree with most of the folsk here - this is really the best flagpole I 've seen . It looks beautiful on my porch and it is rather nice that it says Made in USA and not China or something , especially for a flag item . I would highly recommend it . It 's rust free , looks white/beautiful forever abd is a smart design . Well made , not cheap , but you get what you pay for .
 If you are looking for an atractive pole , this is the one . It is durable hung in any holder . Recommended to put in the holder which comes with it . As it is much sturdier during weather . WE love displaying our flag . It you have alot of wind , this is the pole to have .
 It took a while but it is a fine flag and I love that it is made in America . As a veteran I am mildly offended at flag kits made overseas to display an American flag . It is well made and will be flying 24x7 , illuminated at night of course .
 i think that the price was very reasonable , and i also think that i will purchase here the next time
 After doing my research , I decided to give Coleman 's New Mosquito Deleto 2500 a try . I first considered the Mosquito Magnet Liberty Plus . But , after reading numerous reviews detailing all of the quality control issues and/or quirky problems people have getting that unit to start and stay lit , I decided that the street price for the Liberty Plus was just too high for a product that did n't seem very reliable or serviceable by the consumer . I also work with 4 people who own either the Liberty or the Liberty Plus and it turns out that 3 of the 4 people have gone through one or more of the well documented non-recoverable problems with these units . I also found a CBS News link that did an excellent test on both the Coleman 2500 , the Liberty Plus , and third mosquito trap called the Skeeter Vac - and based on reading that article , I decided to get the Coleman unit.The Coleman Mosquito Deleto 2500 unit I bought appears to be a re-engineered version of the Mosquito Magnet Liberty Plus , at half the cost , about $ 330 . -LRB- Do not confuse the Coleman 2500 which uses a vaccum with the earlier Coleman mosquito trap which uses sticky paper to trap the bugs . Many reviews of that Coleman sticky trap unit show that it does n't catch many bugs . - so I decided to stay away from that one also . -RRB- After installing the unit in my back yard , I can tell you that it catches lots of mosquitoes and tiny no-see-ums , and it makes a big difference in getting bitten in my yard . I live adjacent to my town forest , so I placed the unit at the edge of the woods , thinking the bugs will get attracted to the unit before flying around my back yard and biting me and my family . I had a camp fire out back a couple of nights ago , and I was actually able to sit there in shorts without taking a DEET bath ! The unit started up easily -LRB- low tech , just like a gas hot water heater pilot or a gas fireplace pilot -RRB- and I like the fact that Coleman uses a simple battery pack which consists of 3-AA NiCad batteries which can be purchased cheaply virtually anywhere when they finally run out of juice . -LRB- Try replacing the `` power module '' on the Liberty Plus - HA !!! Good luck and empty your wallet ! -RRB- I do have to say that ALL of these propane driven mosquito traps have an inherent problem which potential buyers should be aware of . They use propane at an extremely SLOW rate . A 20 lb . bottle of gas is suppose to last about thee weeks - while running continuously . Because of this , the fuel nozzle opening is VERY tiny and is virtually guaranteed to eventually get clogged - do n't be fooled , I believe that the majority of these type of mosquito traps will fail to work because of partial or total clogging of the fuel nozzle ! In fact , my Deleto 2500 got clogged and stopped working after a while . What I like once again is Coleman 's simple and practical solution to this problem . First of all - the gas nozzle is a $ 3 part and they give you an extra one . Secondly , it is easily removable by the use of a hand tool that is mounted on the trap so you do n't loose the tool . Since you can remove the nozzle , unclogging it is accomplished by simply removing the tip from the nozzle - and cleaning it with a solvent like carburetor cleaner and blowing it out with a can of compressed air . The solvent does an excellent job of clearing out a totally clogged tip and you do n't have to shell out $ $ $ for CO2 cartridges every month to clear out the fuel system like the Liberty . Plus , CO2 alone does n't clean out the tiny tip as effectively as a solvent - never can , never will !!! You will never be able to clean out the Liberty fuel tip with solvent because , guess what ... it is NOT serviceable by the owner . What where they thinking when they designed that thing !!! Personally , I think this is why there are so many problems with the Liberty units during the second season of use . Coleman 's approach to this problem is simple , practical , and cheep ! I hope I continue to feel this way next year ... only time will tell . Because of this , I think the Coleman Mosquito Deleto 2500 is the way to go , but do n't forget , you will have to occasionally clean the tip out to keep it running -LRB- or replace it for $ 3 if you do n't want to deal with cleaning it -RRB- . Good luck - Marc
 We researched for a few months all kinds of mosquito programs . Everything from a full installed system to the 8.00 cutter yard spray , which by the way works really well . We finally purchased the Coleman Mosquito Deleto and we could n't be HAPPIER . WE noticed a big difference by the 3rd day ! We also used the table top mosquito inhibitor . We have a very small yard , 1/4 acre , the system is in our backyard in the corner . I check it about twice a week to make sure it 's running , ie . the propane is n't empty . The propane tank lasts about one month . I ca n't recommend this system enough . We live in humid , mosquito inhabited south Texas . Now we are able to sit on our deck and enjoy watching the kids play without slappin ' the fire out of our legs and arms ... FYI , we purchased our Deleto at Lowes , cheaper than the price posted on Amazon : o -RRB-
 I bought this item and set it up a week ago . It started immediatley catching mosquitos , though not as many as expected . In one weeks time , the unit caught between 75 and 100 mosquitos and alot more knats . It is set up in an area that is shaded all day with lots of foilage . I ususally get eaten alive when I walk on this side of my house , but I can walk through this area without a bite . I 'm not sure if I can give the Mosquito Deleto all the credit because it has been hot and dry here in this part of Texas for the past two weeks . I am also sceptacle if this unit will actually cover 1 acre . So far , so good . I will follow up later .
 I bought this instead of the replacement mosquito magnet that they wanted to sell me at the discounted price of $ 695 after my two mosquito magnet kept failing every year -LRB- I will never buy from them again . -RRB- It just works . This year I had to replace a clogged gas valve , otherwise it 's totally trouble free.This year I bought a second machine , a megacatch premier , which outcaught my deleto but keeps clogging every 2 days -LRB- it is going back and being replaced with a second mosquito deleto 2500 . -RRB-
 This cart is the best buy I 've made in a long time . It is easy to move even in tight spaces ; it is quiet , so I can move heavy garden pots early in the morning without disturbing my neighbors . It was easy to put together and when I ran into a bit of a snag , one phone call , answered immediately , put me right on track . So far it has helped me rehabilitate a large pot garden I have in my driveway . To move the pots I need to cross a section of lawn and the broad wheels do n't make tracks . The next project is a redo of the back yard ; I just know that my EZ Cart will be right there hauling , moving , etc. . After that , I plan to redo my bedroom ; with a quick washoff I will use it there to move the contents of room to holding area . I am VERY satisfied with my EZ Cart and will recommend it to all my friends .
 I purchased this lightweight wagon to use during a regional statewide conference where I was the Auction Chairman . I needed a lightweight , respectable method of transport throughout an `` elite '' hotel . This wagon came through with perfect colors , transporting paperwork , auction items -LRB- some very bulky and heavy -RRB- , and plants . Hotel staff were not offended when seeing me and my little green wagon walk through the hotel lobby . Now , this EZ Does It Cart is used in my garden to move mulch , plants , and walk stones . I especially like to use this cart for short-term gardening tasks . Affordable , lightweight , and convenient - I recommend this wagon to all who want to use the right tool for the job .
 I feed a lot of wild birds , and when I started feeding them , I put the food out on a small wooden outdoor table and just filled the table up every day . Then the local bear came out of hibernation and found my bird food -LRB- as well as about 20 pounds of seed in a garbage can outside -RRB- . Needless to say , I now have to bring everything in at night and put it out in the morning , not an easy task with the small table , 10 suet cages , 2 seed feeders , 2 snack cages and now 2 hummingbird feeders , plus containers of food that I scatter on the lawn.I started shopping for a cart to use on a daly basis , one that would be easy to handle , would hold up to abuse and would be easy to keep clean . I stumbled across this cart , it looked like it would suit my needs , and the cost was extremely reasonable compared to others I had researched.I LOVE THIS CART ! Every morning I pull it out of the garage loaded with all of my bird `` stuff '' . I pull it outside , leave the table on the cart , and place the other items around my yard . Then every night I gather everything , placing it all on the cart and bring it into the garage for the night.The cart 's large wheels allow me to pull it easily over bumpy ground . If it rains and the basket fills with water , I just lift the table out , lift the cart 's basket and dump the water . Then I put everything back together . No tools needed , but it still holds securely together when assembled . I 've used the cart for gardening , and I 'm sure if I ever have a need to haul anything else , I 'll use my little cart . You ca n't go wrong with this one - it 's a really terrific buy !
 I purchased my EZ Does It Cart about six months ago and I love it ! I use it to take the garbage , trash and recyclables to the curb , move groceries from the car to the house , haul gardening supplies , etc. . It is one of the few products that lives up to all of its advertising claims , a rarity today . If you are looking for a sturdy , lightweight little wagon that is a snap to clean , you will be more than pleased with the EZ Does It Cart . I highly recommend it .
 I 'm all thumbs and my tool chest consists of a straight edge and philllips screwdrive , hammer , coat hanger , and can of WD40 . Even I assembled this with realtive ease ! Terrific product , does everything its advertised to do and is easily maneuvered in tight spots .
 This cart is an excellent size for what I use it for , but it 's just a little more bamby than I expected . I would love to have regular rubber wheels instead of the plastic ones , but I guess that 's the sacrifice you make for a low price.The seller was excellent to work with and shipped very quickly .
 Received it well within the time specified . Went together fairly easily . The hub caps were a bit of a trial , but I put the cart on its side , protected the end I was n't securing with a piece of wood and used a rubber mallet to knock the caps on.Nice and light weight which is great for us girls . Breaks down for transport in my trunk and is a good little workhorse around the yard . Highly recommended !
 The garden cart that I received did not come equipped with the flat bed for the bottom . It just has a plastic frame to use for bags of dirt , mulch , etc. . The picture misrepresents the product I received . Somewhat disappointing . Be careful .
 I camp in a lot of walk in tent sites.I was looking for something to haul my gear.I needed something light weight and did n't take up much space in my small pickup.I realy did n't think this little plastic cart would hold up to the demands of hauling gear across the rough ground on most walk in paths.Five camping trips later it is still hauling.I use it to haul my gear , firewood and water in.It took a while to learn how to bungee things on so they dont fall off going over the bumps , dips ` and tilts on these paths.This little cart gets the job done !
 This cart is a heaven sent I use it carring all my gardening supplies to my garden and it is great for carring Potting soil and other garden bags used in the garden . This is very light weight to use .
 This cart can be used for so many jobs that I do n't know what I did without it for so long . Loading my RV is a pleasure now with no more hageling with clothes and many other item that we bring along on a trip or vacation . Great for the garden , lawn , and even toting groceries into the house , which we used to have to lug in , and sometimes the bags would split open . NO MORE ! I am thinking of getting another one for my wife , because this one is mine now , even tho I got it for her .
 I boght this cart as a gift for my mom . She just loves it !!
 I am very happy with this cart . I was looking for something light to be able to put in my truck and take to plant sales . This does the trick . Light and eazy to handle .
 This cart is great for the price ; a real back-saver . The only problem I 've had with it so far was putting it together . I 'm a pretty good handywoman & usually do n't have problems putting something together , but the caps just would not fit on the axels without me expanding them first .
 I am not a handy-man type , so for me , it took a little time and effort to put the thing together , mainly the wheels . But eventually , I got it . The cart came with an extra six small metal disks. , I am not sure what these little metal pieces were for , so I was a bit confused at first . I did use everything in the instructions , so I know I did n't leave anything out.Got to be careful when using the side rails and upper deck . It will be top heavy . I learned this after I dumped a load of potting soil , as I was going around an uneven area on my yard.For the price , it 's fine . I would not pay more , however . If you want something for heavy-duty loads , get something sturdier .
 This is really wonderful for carrying in groceries and other things . I do n't know what I did without it !
 This trimmer line works PERFECTLY in our Craftsman weed wacker - same quality as the more expensive line sold at the box stores ! We simply cut the strings ourselves and store them -LRB- doubled over -RRB- in a pretzel barrel ;--RRB- If this is the size and type of line your weed wacker uses , I highly recommend it for both the quality and the price .
 I bought the small spool of this stuff to try it out and then got the big spool because it 's a good product . I use this stuff when I need to devastate an area .
 I have a 4 cycle Craftsman weed trimmer for which I always purchased the very expensive craftsman line -LRB- 10 pieces in a pack at $ 6.00 to $ 10.00 per pack , ridiculous prices -RRB- . Our local Sears shut down and the closest K-Mart did n't have it , so when I ran out , I was frustrated that I could n't find any locally and quickly . When I finally found this product on line , I was skeptical due to it being so much cheaper . My weedeating is around fence lines , so it is more light brush than an easy grass trim . I just cut this line to the 16 &#34; length my trimmer requires and install it like I did the Craftsman line . It is a smoother line , but seems just as strong . I have used it around 500 feet of pasture fence so far and I can not tell any difference in it than the expensive Crafstman line . Plus this roll will last a while whereas with the packages of 10 pieces , I ran out quite often . I wish I would have found this product much sooner . One thing I would recommend to the seller , is that in the description of the product , it 's compatibility with Craftsman trimmers be mentioned . It took me forever to find this product on-line due to searching for Craftsman , not just weed trimmer.I would definitely recommend this product to those who have been buying the much more expensive packages of 10 pieces .
 For years I have wanted to find string trimmer line that lasts a long time and does n't break inside of the head . I finally found it . This product wo n't exactly change your life , but it does eliminate a completely unnecessary source of frustration . I do a lot with my string trimmer ; and with the best product I could find locally , I had to re-load the line twice , each time I did the yard . With the LoNoiz 0.130-inch line , I re-fill the head every other time , and I 've never had to dig broken line out from inside of the head . I did have to enlarge the cut-out slots in the spool to allow this thicker line to fit -LRB- took 90 seconds -RRB- . Also , whereas with the standard line I wrapped about 15 feet into the spool , with the LoNoiz line , because it 's thicker , the spool only holds about 8 feet of line -- but who cares -- 8 feet of LoNoiz lasts for two trimming sessions , where the 15-feet of standard line lasts for one-half of a trimming session . Make your life easier , and switch to this stuff .
 The LoNoiz trimmer line is exactly what I had been before and the price is less than what it would cost locally .
 Great value . Long lasting , Had a little difficult wrapping the line on my echo trimmer . The starting holes where smaller diameter than the trim line . I had to widen the holes with a Philips head screw driver to insert line . It really holds up well .
 I cut two pieces 9 inches long for the trimmer head I have . I have used it all summer and have n't replaced the line yet , with that in mind , this spool will last a lifetime !
 I chose this brand of line after reading the reviews . The reviews were spot on . I found that this line last longer than the other brand that I used previously . I have a lot of rocks around my yard and I need a line that will not destruct upon contact with rocks . This product fits the bill .
 Unequivocally I recommend this trimmer line . I have used two spools so far and I will use nothing else in the future . This line is much sturdier for my Echo trimmers than the brand-name line Echo sells ! Plus , all I have to do is go to one-click to get another spool . No driving to the store , waiting in line and driving back . I have never used a better trimmer line .
 Looks Like Very Good Trimmer Line.Can ' t wait until Spring to try it out.I 'll Update My Review As soon as I fill My Spool on my Trimmer .
 I tried both sizes for comparison for commercial trimming . Both are durable and cut cleanly without welding . The quietness of the line is greatly appreciated . The line is fairly heavy weight so the .095 diameter works best for me .
 The plug came in quickly . I was able to install it with no problem . Only wish it were rubber coated to prevent cracking in case it was dropped .
 There 's not a lot to say about this , it is a basic 4 wire plug . I connected it within 5 minutes . The hardest part was stripping the wires to put into it .
 Connected it to my generator cord , but have not needed generator thus far -LRB- that 's a good thing -RRB- . I priced the same item at a local electrical supply outlet and it was almost double . That 's a very good thing.David
 This Reliance Controls L1430C L14-30C 30 Amp Generator power cord connector is for up to a 7500 watt generator . This connector is used to connected the generator to the plug installed on the house . The connector arrived quickly and was exactly as expected .
 Premium quality at the best price around from Amazon . The hardware stores either have a flimsy copy or you pay nearly twice the price . This is designed the way it should be for the application .
 This unit is manufactured by Marinco . Well buit . Has the rubber sleeve to seal out water on the cable.Reliance Controls L1430C L14-30C 30 Amp Generator Power Cord Connector For Up To 7,500 Watt Generators
 This connector is 39.00 + tax at Lowes . Best price I could find especially with no tax and free ship .
 Got a transfer switch for the house - needed a connector to go with it , for making up the cord . Does what it 's supposed to do .
 Needed a new power cord connector for our generator -LRB- hurricane season in FL ! -RRB- ... this was just what I needed for a great price .
 Connector has several nice features . Connector terminals are labled to help you keep power phases consistent . terminals are color coded for power , neutral , and ground . Insulator block is clear plastic which seems to be very rugged even though I initially thought otherwise and back of connector has rubber bladders to tightly grip cable jacket to make a good seal against water intrusion . A couple of comments
 I ordered this connector when I could n't find one in any local Home Depot . This is exactly what I needed to make my own cable and was less expensive that in the store . The assembly is easy and it is a sturdy product .
 Easy to wire , good strain relief , seems pretty rugged . Price is right for a lot of connector . What else can I say ?
 If you know the reason for having this type of plug , -LRB- for a power inlet box from generator -RRB- it works well , is well designed and unless your a total screw-up , there is no way this plug will fail you . Price is great and shipping was quick . Reliance Controls is a well known company and has quality items . Buy name brand stuff instead of cheap no-name stuff and you will be happy !
 This is a nice , high quality , receptacle . It fits perfectly into my generator inlet and is twist lock so it wo n't fall out while in use.It 's a lot cheaper than buying one at the big box stores !
 Kept my house running for about 2 weeks in total now . Works great and came with installation instructions . Buy in confidence .
 Used this to make a cord connector for connecting a 3-wire generator outlet to a L14-30 4-wire transfer switch inlet.I did n't see `` reliance '' brand name on the plastic bag , but it did say `` Made in USA '' . Tested the product for the intended use and there is no issue for me . So , no concerns with the brand name .
 It is exactly what I wanted and it was shipped very quickly . No problems with the order at all , will do buisness with again .
 These 30 amp plugs are so over priced its pathetic , but thats what they cost . Nothing special good or bad about this one , middle of the road as far as quality , the plastic could have been a little better maybe , seemed a little cheap for the cost of the item . If you ca n't find one at Lowes -LRB- which is what happened to me , they were out and because of Sandy & said it may be a while -RRB- go ahead and get this one .
 Put it together myself very easy , top quality going on wire to my generator 14000 w whole house only use when power goes out , snow rain or storm . Plug easy to plug in and water tight , I was very please with product , and Amazon price was half electric supply store in my area .
 this plug was easy to install and fits the recptical well nice and tight for good connection.now i 'm ready for power outage .
 PERFECT FOR 10 '' STAINLESS STEEL GAZING BALL . THE PRODUCT IS POWDER COATED , AND HOPEFULLY WILL NOT RUST FOR MANY YEARS . I REALLY LIKE THE SINGLE POST - EASY TO DRIVE AND VERY NICE LOOKING DESIGN .
 This trimmer line last longer than the lines I have been purchasing . It is of good quality and a bargain price .
 Was very disappointed with my new echo trimmer until I got this line . A good quality 0.090 '' line would last a minute or so . Switched to this and can do various tasks aroud a whole 1/4-acre yard -LRB- trimming near the mailbox , foundation , edging around the beds , etc -RRB- without having to stop to change the line . Fantastic .
 I use the .130 inch LoNoiz trimmer line with a Poulan Pro straight shaft trimmer . One piece of this line will trim the entire yard and standard line took three pieces of line . Sometimes the .130 inch line is a little hard to get though the holes in the trimmer but a pair of pliers helps pull it if needed .
 This stuff works great!I did my entire yard and it did n't break once -LRB- or wear down to nothing -RRB- . This is the only line I have ever used that I can say that . I 'm very pleased .
 This stuff works fast ! As soon as my elephant ears and dahlias show a little yellow , I spray it with the Green Stay , and overnight it becomes the darkest green . Great product .
 Look Good , but needed a small alt . to make bottom fit . No big problem that a small jig saw ca n't fix . Over all a great bench .
 I have other teak benches in my garden and this one was , by far , the best value . In terms of quality and beauty , it ranks right up there with other more expensive benches and it assembled easily . It does take some patience in making sure that all of the holes line up , but I really had no issue after getting the hang of it . It is a very sturdy bench , and I expect that it will get several years of use . I was so excited after purchasing the first one that I bought a second as a wedding present .
 I got this in a Friday sale last August and I ca n't tell you what a great value this bench was . Very comfortable , great looking and very easy to put together .
 I 've put a few hours on this machine over the winter and it gets the job done . 22 tons of splitting power has been enough for Oak and Hickory . It will hit the wood and hesitate for a half second and then it 's all over for the wood . You pull the spring loaded latch on the front and the splitter flips vertically so you can muscle in large diameter logs too heavy to lift.What sold me on this machine is some manufacturers tend to put the motor and/or pump in the way of falling logs when using the machine horizontally.The one item that is in the way on this machine is the cheap plastic hydraulic tank filler cap . It will probably be replaced by a 3/4 '' pipe plug in the future . I also do n't understand why they did n't put a simple dipstick on this filler cap . The drop down tongue support seems a little flimsy to me also . My biggest complaint is the Briggs and Stratton supplied engine ran fine the first time I used it . Second time and thereafter it tends to sputter at wide open throttle and the ram not in use . It is also difficult to start.Swisher is made in Missouri and I live in Missouri so that also helped me in my purchase decision .
 The LS722H approaches the ideal , in regard to price , power , fuel efficiency , decibel level , production rate and build quality for the homeowner , rancher , farmer . Our unit has proved unstopable , splitting all we threw at it , including a goodly number of former `` unsplittables '' , remnants of seasons past.Speed , detent valve responsiveness and wedge design all combine to produce wood piles , fast ... much faster than expected . Heavy Duty hydraulics , throughout . Weld Quality , superb . Functional design , working height and tire size , perfect . Engine is easy starting , smooth running and easy on the ears . Love this unit .
 Have owned the machine for about a month . To date have split about 6 full bush cords of Hard Maple , Alder , Oak and Cherry mix . Have had no problems at all . Engine starts easily and has split everything put to it including heavily knotted logs . Recommend this unit for anyone who has a lot of wood to split .
 Using these makes life so much easier . Whether you 're drawing house plans , checking to see if a piece of furniture you like will fit , or just trying different arrangements of the furniture you already have , these templates are a lifesaver .
 I love this stove.I use it with a griddle , BBQ box and as a straight stove.I also us it with my dutch ovens , regulating the heat is very easy.It 's easy to carry , light weight and easy to set up.This makes a nice addition to an outdoor kitchen.I use this stove with my Volcano grill and a small single burner table top stove for my kitchen setup , it 's all I need.This really is a modular cooking system.Camp Chef products are all good quality and dependable.I have become so disappointed with Coleman products , they 're pretty but do n't work.The only thing I might want , as an improvement , would be taller legs . I do n't believe the leg extensions offered work on this stove . -LRB- I could be wrong -RRB- I 'm completely satisfied and would recommend this stove .
 This product has surpassed all my expectations . It is well designed , heavy duty and works excellent . The price is good and fair . I especially like how it come apart and goes together so fast and easy . Thanks for a great product and value !
 This single burner Model SL-30L Low Pressure Stove came really looking brand new unlike the Camp Chef SHP-RL High Pressure Single Burner that came to me looking like it had been used . But the SHP-RL came with a Thermometer and nothing on SL-30L . However , SL-30L came with a nice wrench with its own hook so it goes wherever the stove goes , very handy . I returned the SHP-RL after knowing that Camp Chef does not recommend high pressure stove on their BB100L Sport Grill Box.I am now waiting for the Camp Chef Universal Ignitor CC-IGN to be delivered . It is just very convenient to start the stove without needing to look for a match or a lighter especially when you are in the outdoors at night . Also , I will be purchasing the Camp Chef 20-Quart Hot Pot next summer before going camping.One con I would have to mention is , with its detachable legs installed , it is still a bit low from the ground . I guess it is designed to accommodate deep cooking/fryer pots.Overall , I am very happy with the purchase because I got it when Amazon put it on sale for $ 45.97 -LRB- $ 35 off -RRB- . I will enjoy cooking on it in the yard and in the campsite knowing it is reliable and built to outlast my lifetime .
 I bought this one burner camp chef stove to add to the 2 burner I had already purchased . We use these stoves to cook breakfast before riding off on ATV 's . So we are not setting around camp after having breakfast . We need to clean up the dishes , fold camp back up and put it away in the Pick-up Bed with a fiberglass cover and hit the trail . With the griddle going cooking bacon and also another skillet going we needed a place to have a coffee pot cooking . And also needed to be heating water to do dishes quickly . After the bacon is cooked we have one burner heating hash brown patties and the other doing scrambled eggs with chili at the last , so the 2 burner camp chef is busy . Eggs are coordinated to be ready when the Dutch Oven biscuits are done . Why screw this gourmet breakfast up with a flimsy throw away plastic fork . This one burner stove also works with the BBQ grill and Griddle for the Camp Chef products if needed . It fits nicely in the box it came in for storage . I trashed the carry case for the two burner Camp Chef . The hardest part of breaking up camp was putting that two burner stove back in the carrying case . The zipper broke after two uses anyway . It looks cool but life is better without the frustration of trying to put it back in the case . The One Burner Camp Chef takes the pressure off doing it all quickly on just 2 burners . These two stoves with a 5 # and a 10 # butane tank is cool . Lots of convenient firepower that is easy to set up and put away .
 My mom loves this newer model . Its sturdy and solid and easy to operate and change out the fuel tank
 It 's the best outdoor cooker , but I ca n't find another one so had to order the bayou that was returned later on .
 I bought this due to the big ice storm we had DEC08 . I had originally run my furnace , refridgerator and freezer with extension cords . I decided the next time I wanted a plug and go type affair . I also needed more circuits in my house as the main panel was full . This panel fit my needs nicely.This panel is made by Siemens - very handy as my main panel is also made by them , this means all I had to do was swap breakers from one panel to another , and run the hot wires over with a pigtail extension . Home Depot carries the breakers btw if you need to add some -LRB- Murray-MP , C-H BR -RRB- . I bought 8/3 wire at appx $ 2 per foot and already had the 12ga and wire nuts for the pigtails.It took 2 days at about 3 hrs per day with a 2yr old and 6 yr old ` helping ' . IF YOU DO N'T KNOW -LRB- not think you know -RRB- WIRING - HIRE AN ELECTRICAN . Installing this system exposes you to open buss bars that carry hundreds of Amps - DEATH , QUICK AND CERTAIN if you touch them wrong.If you have installed additonal circuits in your home and put breakers in a panel you should be fine - But please , BE CAREFUL .
 This panel is very well made , easy to install -LRB- with some elctrical knowledge -RRB- . The switch is very well disigned , has two nuetral bars and a seperate ground bar . Very good investment .
 The panel work OK . I was a little disappointed in the switch over breakers . You still need to be careful because both breakers can be engaged at the same time ! Luckily my breakers on the gen popped or i would have bucked power and lost the gen. Installation like any panel install it takes time to do right so this took me a week at 4 hours a day . I already had 2 sub-panel and some feeds at each sub needed to be brought over . I 'm a little picky about grounding and neutrals as this can hurt your generators load . I was very careful to balance the load on each leg to about 5 % delta . Really need to do something about the switch over but for the money worked well .
 I have no complaints on any of the Sprout House seeds , having purchased several . The packaging is strong , the seeds dry , the shipping came without any delays or complications . The sprouts are tasty . We have extras in our `` emergency food '' supplies as well .
 My squirrell must be a wus ... he/she wo n't even climb up the pole anymore since I installed the guard ... hoo ray
 This brush kit is great . I cleaned my car and the deck and the small shed out back . I even used a garden hose with the brush to clean the patio furniture . The soap can be put into the top of the brush head and you can use just a garden hose to clean . I did not have to use my pressure washer except when I did the top of the car . The center rotating bristle never stopped moving no matter how much I pushed down on the surface but I especially liked the fact you can adjust the soap dispenser in the top of the brush . The wheel well brush worked the same way except it has longer center bristles so I was able to get deep into the wheels . It comes with easy to use quick connectors so I could switch between the garden hose and the pressure washer real fast . Great idea to have the soap dispenser built into the head of the brush . All in all , great investment and I do n't have to depend on the pressure washer to get the work done .
 I 've had this hard to find item for the last month , throughout the blizzards of January of 2011 , here in Connecticut . So far in one month I 've had over 80 inches of snow in the NE hills . I could n't be more pleased with this item . I 've used it dozens of times and dozens of hours . I 've used it on snow from 4 inches to 24 inches and it never failed to amaze me at its performance.Pros
 I had about 2 feet of medium packed snow on the roof of my tall two story house . This roof rake with all extensions just barely touched the edge of the roof when I held it way up over my head . I needed to deal with the snow problem quick and no local stores had other roof rakes so I bought another identical roof rake and used the poles together . I was using up to six poles ! It was very bendy . I could just barely raise it with four poles and then could add the others and needed to remove them before taking the rake down . It was an exercise in frustration and it was very hard to control , but I did get a lot of snow off the roof from way up high . I clearly pushed this product way above what it was designed to do and it did do the job . I think I will get another roof rake that is more heavy duty and is designed for 30 feet . If you have a one story house , I think you may be fine with this , but keep in mind it is not that long . Do your measurements first . If you have a two story house and if you are a bit nuts with no other options , try two together ... : -RRB-
 Have used a couple of roof rakes over the years and this is the best yet . Most of them feel flimsy and flexible - it 's the nature of the beast - they must be to be lightweight . This works as well as any , and is priced fairly . AND ... it is NOT made in China ! Shipped quickly .
 I am speaking about a model of the Ames Roof Rake that is not yet sold by Amazon . It is the same in most ways - same rake and sturdy `` Made in Canada '' construction but with one major difference in that it telescopes . The double push-button , telescoping design makes it sleek and collapsible for easy storage . It 's designed for strength , durability , and ease of handling by making the telescoping sections out of lightweight oval shaped aluminum . The oval wide axis is vertical to the rake resulting in far less tendency to bend when fully telescoped out to 17 ' . It stores to a manageable 6 ' length and the rake part can be easily detached for storage . This innovative design puts Ames well ahead of other Roof Rake manufacturers . The best part is that it retails for a paltry $ 46 and probably will be sold by Amazon in the near future . Find it now and buy it - you will not be sorry !
 I bought the True Temper Roof rake this winter -LRB- 2012-2013 -RRB- on clearance for 20 bucks at a local home improvement store . It looked like the price had n't even been discounted by that much , but either way it was much cheaper than any of the sellers of this or similar products on Amazon.For what it is , I 'd say the parts probably cost less than $ 10 . I ca n't believe that some companies charge $ 40 + for these things ! You could build your own pretty easily , but it would n't be as lightweight if you made it from EMT conduit or PVC , and it also would n't be as rigid if you made it from PVC.It was very easy to assemble , and although I 've only used it once all around my house so far , it seems to be holding together just fine.The roof rake is necessarily a little wobbly , but it 's not that hard to control . All you need to do is gently plop it on the roof , pull , lift , and repeat . You do n't need it to be very rigid at all . With all 3 extensions , it has more than enough length to clear off several feet of roof above the eaves of a 1-story house , and maybe enough length to clear off a couple feet past the eaves of a 2-story house -LRB- though you might need another handle extension for the 2-story house -RRB- . Keep in mind that you do n't have to rake all the snow off your entire roof -LRB- although if you have the time and energy and a long enough roof rake to pull all the snow off your roof , that 's fine , too -RRB- . Snow will naturally melt off the parts of your roof inside the perimeter of your walls , then the water will trickle down to the gutters . If you have snow on the eaves -LRB- the parts of the roof that extend beyond the perimeter of your exterior walls -RRB- , the water will be more likely to refreeze on the eaves -- that 's when you get ice dams , which then cause any more accumulating water to back up under the shingles , causing damage.I like that the extensions easily clip on and off . Part of the time , I only used 2 extensions anyway because there was n't enough room between my garage and the neighbor 's deck to use all 3 extensions for the garage roof .
 I just broke this out as we finally have snow here in California . This is the second roof rake I have purchased and it is much better than the other one i have . The handle is textured which is terrific when your hands get a bit snowy . It allows much better control over the rake . The head of the rake is much better than the metal designs . It pulls the snow off much cleaner than the metal rakes especially on the plastic tarp type roofs on our portable garages . The head of this rake is also much sturdier in the support system . For the money this is much better than some of the more expensive ones .
 I live in New Hampshire where we get a fair amount of snow . I bought what looks like this rake about 20 years ago . Its held up . The big problem is the flex when all extensions are used . Of course the flex rate is related to pole diameter . Increase the pole diameter and of course that increases the weight which results in more difficulty using the thing . Since its held up for 20 years -LRB- although the corners are severely rounded now -RRB- , I 'd have to say that it does the job quite well .
 I finally purchased this tool at Lowes . When I was checking it out at the store , I saw that it was made in Canada . That was a nice thing to see . I assembled it today and was very satisfied of the quality . Thank you Canada .
 We have n't had a real snow -LRB- warmest winter I can remember -RRB- since I purchased this product but I did have leaves gathered on the roof that I wanted to remove . The product worked as expected . Using all the pieces together did seem to make the rake more flimsy -LRB- as others had stated -RRB- . However , I did n't need all the pieces leaving the porduct firm enough for my liking.My belief is that product will fine once it needs to be called upon to remove snow .
 This aerator works as expected and us a very reasonable value . I use this on 2 acre lawn and with proper weight did adequate job of plugging . Suggest using water container for ballast instead of construction blocks as easier to handle . Assembly is not really difficult but a bit time consuming , just be sure to line up axle correctly to avoid rework during assembly . Although not quite as heavy duty as what you would rent from implement dealer , approx 2 uses will pay for itself .
 The key to making a good purchase is matching a product to your circumstances and this product performed exactly as I had hoped . Other pluggers I researched may make nicer , more uniform plugs but I was concerned about how well they would last on the 3 acre lot in the country with lots of trees . Of the 48 '' models I read about this one had the heaviest shipping weight so I assumed it would be constructed of the heaviest material . It is well built . Assembly was uncomplicated . I used it on the entire 3 acres 1 day after a rainy spell lasting 2 days . I used 4 bags of sand for weight rather than cinder blocks and it worked flawlessly .
 We have been using Wall-O-Waters for over 20 years . We found these at Lowes this year . We set some up next to our older Wall-O-Waters , and find them comparable . The only differences are that they are a paler color , and the top couple of inches is open all around , instead of each tube being sealed to the top . Supposedly this is for making it easier to fill , although we did n't notice a significant difference in that.It will be interesting to see if these hold up as well as the Wall-O-Waters . I would estimate that we have typically gotten somewhere between 5-7 years use from our Wall-O-Waters , and that 's been primarily using them in the high desert areas of New Mexico where the UV exposure is strong . Typically we will use them for a couple of months in the early spring , and sometimes in the fall as well , to extend the growing season .
 Love these . . I live in the high mountains of Tehachapi in mid california and our growing season here is very short . . It wont be another month before we can acctually plant tomato plants outside but Ive had mine in the ground for a month now and have no problems with frost or wind the plants are doing great !!
 I bought several of these for use in my early garden . I used to protect tomato transplants from frost , allowing me to plant about 4 weeks earlier than otherwise possible . The water-filled tubes worked exactly as advertised . We had several hard frosts after I planted , but the Season Starters protected the tomatoes perfectly . I took them off after about 6 weeks , and I started eating tomatoes about a month earlier than I could have otherwise . The only complaint I have is that a couple of the tubes separated , making the sleeves a little less stable . They did not leak . I have n't contacted the manufacturer about warranty , yet .
 I HAVE NOT USED THEM YET , BUT MY DAD HAD SOME BEFORE AND HE REALLY LIKES THEM , THEY LET YOU PLANT VEGGIES QUITE A BIT EARLIER . HE USES THEM ON TOMATO PLANTS BECAUSE THEY TAKE SO LONG TO PRODUCE TOMATOES . HE SAYS PLANTING THEM 2 TO 3 MONTHS EARLIER REALLY MAKES A DIFFERENCE .
 Easy directions to follow , parts fit perfectly , I would not consider building an Arrow whed without it .
 This is a necessary item for your Arrow shed , unless you already have a nice flat concrete floor or the like to build your shed over . It provides a sturdy base to lay down a plywood floor for your shed .
 Does n't stay together all that well during construction , but it provides a stable foundation . Very solid , and a good deal for the price .
 With the horrible heat wave scorching the Midwest , I was worried about the clematis in shipment . But it arrived in good shape , healthy and none the worse for wear .
 This plant is in great condition . I will really appreciate this plant when it has flowers . It is outside now and doing well .
 Best product in the world for what it does . Leave a residual and the ants do n't come back . Has a smell similar to rubbing alcohol . I love this product for household pest control .
 I was delighted with this flag and the speed with which it was sent to me . An interesting bit ofAnglo-Irish memorabilia .
 Bought this flag for Saint Patrick 's Day . It arrived well in time . Nicely made . The fabric is light enough that in the slights breeze it waves . I did order it from Seven Brothers Mercantile and not from National Country like Amazon states .
 Good colors , nice quality , Flag has been out in the rain many times , No fad or lose of color due to getting wet .
 Should have been a green X , but I 'm no Art critic.Flag is a Great asset to my collection .
 I bought these 5 years ago through a catalog . I placed them in the attic for a week , then the 2nd floor , then the 1st and finally the basement . I did this in the winter . The spring and summer came and I had no trouble with bugs . When they started a city sewer project my neighbor hood was overrun with rats . I 'm the only guy on the street that had no rats or mice.I have heard others complain about these not working but I 've been happy . My old model number was sb101 . I hope these work half as well . If you live in the north put them in your basements now and it will keep mice from moving in . Good luck
 This chair comfortably holds an adult . It is made of durable canvas and feels like it will last a long time . It has a cup holder that will fit a can of soda or other like sized beverages . It folds up to a managable size and has a bag to store it in . It is a perfect chair to store in the trunk of a car , or the back of your SUV.The one I purchased was a UK wildcats team chair and the colors came very blue and vibrant . There were no defects to speak of , and the UK logo was dead on center . This chair will last a long time , and I give it five stars for quality , durability , and apperances.You ca n't go wrong with this chair .
 I got what I paid for but it i way too small for us big fellas . These chairs should be bought for kids or petite men and/or ladies .
 Love to use it everytime we go fishing . It 's easy set up and comfotable . Shipping is fast as well . No problem with it so far .
 These chairs are exactly what I expected . The colors -LRB- purple and black -RRB- are bright and bold and the chairs seem quite durable.We are really happy with them .
 Submitting the order was easy . Paying with credit card was easy . Product arrived on time . Application of product was easy -LRB- pump spray -RRB- ; very little was required to keep the bugs away . Even though it 's only 1.25 ounces , it 'll last a long time because it 's so concentrated .
 Great product , works well for the northern New England biting insects while fishing/hiking . Fits compactly in your fishing vest or backpack . Be careful of some surfaces . It degraded my fishing buddies flip down/cap mounted bifocals .
 This is a great product just wished it came in a med size bottle . The bottle is very small and hard to hold onto when you apply . Product greasy but eventually wears off . One thing to say it work great just like it says .
 I purchased this BBQ set for my boyfriend last year , and he loves it ! All of the tools are very very well made . The metal does not stain or rust , and the wood is very well finished . The metal goes all the way through the handle and is attached very well to the wood . The outer case has a great look and feel with a nice reddish finish . The closing clasps are firm and hold it very well . The entire set looks very high-class and a great presentation . He has been using it all year , and it has stood up very well -LRB- though we have never put it in the dishwasher -RRB- . The blades have remained very sharp and the entire set looks as good as the day I first gave it to him.I definitely recommend this set as a gift or for personal use when you want that touch of class .
 This is a nice set , I purchased this set from Amazon and am happy with them . I would recommend them to my friends .
 I purchased these as a gift for a co-worker . The box was very sturdy and nicely made . The utensils were very nice and well built . I had each utensil engraved and they withstood the engraving .
 a lovely bbq set . bought it as a gift for a 40th birthday . very excited upon it 's arrival , but soon discovered the wooded case was cracked and partially broken . it was not packaged well , so any bump or tumble would have caused it to break . i will re ~ order , but hope seller takes care to wrap product before shipping .
 This item was a gift for my dad and it seems to be great quality . It seems to be a very nice case and tools ; however , I can not attest to the durability since it is a new product and I did n't use them .
 Awesome nice BBQ set . Husband loved this gift . This product is high class and now my husband wants to upgrade his BBQ to match this awesome set of tools .
 I gave this set to my husband for our 5th anniversary . Very well made , both the utensils and case . We have used them for a year now , and they look new . We only hand wash them . Worth the price , high quality .
 Nice to have a full-sized U.S. Army Retired flag with the USA seal in the center , the words `` Still Serving '' on top and `` United States Army Retired '' under the seal . Words & borders encased in ` ruffles & flourishes ' very nice heraldic design . It does have a white left side cotton border with 2 round metal holes in the center for use on a pole ; but the fabric is a very light-weight material flimsy nylon/poly mix and would not weather well if hoisting it became a daily up & down ritual . Perfect for holidays or special occasion outdoor use but the fabric would not weather well 365 days a year . Tears , frays , ` RVN bungee-cords ' , shreds or bleaching out from sunshine , rain makes this a very nice addition to an inside room ' I love me wall ' with plaques surrounding it , which is where mine now proudly hangs in my ` man-cave ' . If your still serving patriotism is something you desire to display outside of your home , and by God why not ? Then its life-span is numbered in a few months tops , then time to replace any colors if you still care about the many mandates , honors and respect given to military or civilian -LRB- state , military , POW/MIA , post-service organization flags , or our national colors -RRB- , I guess I still do have that ingrained until the day I PCS to that PX in the sky ! I could never fly even this hybrid with much pride if it disgraced its owner or other Vets . Now U know why the ` cruits ' called us lifers ! Still serving in my own humble way as a volunteer VSO . SFC/91B40/USA -LSB- R -RSB- / American-Legion , DAV .
 Great design , nicely printed but material is very thin and cheap . But for the price would be expected . If you live in a very windy area , would spend for a better flag
 EVEN THOUGH MY INITIAL ORDER NEVER ARRIVED , I MUST GIVE THE SHIPPER A EXCELLENT REVIEW . THEY RESPONDED QUICKLY TO MY NOTICE OF NON RECEIPT AND IMMEDIATELY SHIPPED OUT A REPLACEMENT AS AN UPGRADED SHIPPING . THEY ALSO REFUNDED MY ORIGINAL SHIPPING CHARGES . HIGHLY RECOMMEND ANYONE TRUST SHOPZEUS FOR FAST , FRIENDLY , EFFICIENT SERVICE
 The quality of the Product is nice , it seems durable and they also included ads showing other products they sell .
 This bench is so surprisingly comfortable , I could n't believe it . I am a hairdresser , and purchased this as a waiting area chair . Dozens of people all shapes and sizes try it and remark on how much they like it .
 Love it ! Bought one awhile back . Then bought another one and put together to form love seat with attachments which come with chair . Comfortable and outrageously wonderful for the price ! Wish came in other colors .
 Thank you for providing such an awesome chair and not making it out of cow skin -LRB- a.k.a. leather -RRB- . Its sleek , stylish , and fabulous .
 Good quality wears well , and this is a difficult item to find , three cheers for the seller !!
 The raclette grill was easy to set up , easy to use , and easy to clean . The base seems solid , and the stone is a nice one . We 've only used it once so far , so I 'm not positive how it will hold up over time , but I was pleased with its performance .
 I bought this after seeing it in a store . It 's a much better design than the regular chimney starters I usually see.-It 's much larger , so I can get a good amount of lump charcoal in and not have to immediately start a second batch like I had to with my old smaller starter.-The inside bottom is a ring of wires instead of a sheet of metal with a few holes in it . This made for MUCH better ignition from the newspaper underneath as all of the flame was going up against the coal , instead of some through the holes and the rest out of the vents like my old starter.-The extra helping handle is a nice touch , though I do n't really use it.-The holes on the side make it much easier to tell how far the ignited coals are so you know when you 're ready to dump it on the grill.Another great Weber product !
 Throw away your lighter fluid and grab one of these ! You 'll never have wasted coals and lighter fluid taste in your beautiful steaks again!Just a piece of newspaper and a dab of veggie oil and your done ! Let the coals get white and BAM ! your ready to cook!The only way to go for charcoal lovers!I 've had mine for 3 years now and have left it out in the rain and it looks like it 's got another 10 years of service left !
 Bought this chimney starter for myself first and then bought one for my son in law ... the official grillmaster of the family !! I love mine and he loves his ... it lights the charcoal so much quicker than before and NO starter fluid needed ... no cost , no smell , no taste and no danger of it igniting your clothes , hair or eyebrows on fire !!
 I ordered this to go along with the teak lounge chair and both of them turned out to be a great deal . Only took one day to Arizona and so far no color change from the every day sun .
 Nice cushions that dry out pretty fast . Seem durable . They also seem high quality . The only thing is they are more of a tan color -- the picture shows them as white which is what I really wanted . But they are nice . Could use a strap at the top also so the wind does n't constantly blow them over .
 We had out of town guests arriving when our puppy had chewed our chaise lounge to shreds . We ordered this chaise lounge cushion and it was sent to us immediatly , w/o special instructions to do so . When we received it , it was a bit thinner than I wanted , but for the price and fast delivery , it was great !!! The material is durable and of good quality . Our kids have been laying on it with swimming pool water dripping off them and it 's been out in the weather for 4 weeks and shows no wear . Like I said , it 's a bit thinner than I wanted , but a good buy !
 Nice fabric and construction . Backordered item came 3 weeks before expected . Fabric color was a little darker than it appeared on the website , but that ca n't always be helped .
 I have n't had a chance to use it more than 3 or 4 times because it keeps raining . I really like the color and the firmness , but I wish it were a little wider . It was shipped super fast , and I think it 's a great cusion for the money .
 The only complaint I have is the fact that the cushions were n't available at the time we purchased our loungers . We waited probably two months for the cushions in the middle of an intense summer and had to use our beach towels as substitute cushions ! Not the most comfortable solution but I guess it 's a testament to the inherit comfort of the Strathwood Wood Lounger that we used them anyway . Once we finally received the cushions we found them to be comfortable , durable , easy to clean , and of nice quality . Definitely recommended .
 I had orderd these cushion 3 years ago and to this day , they are still holding up in Jersey 's weather . No fading st all . I have 3 dogs that jump and lay on these and they still look great . In the sun and our nor'easter s , they havent blown away or faded . The color is more tan than natural . I love the color for a neutral look . I orderd the strathwood double chaise this year , and got the cushion that goes with that . It said the color is eggshell . Well , its not eggshell , it pure white to me . I sent it back and got 2 more natural cushions like this one . Put them together and it looks terrific . These cushions rock ! And just try to find this quality for this price / cant be done . I give it 5 stars .
 We ordered two lounge chairs and we think they are beautiful chairs for a great price -LRB- $ 99 each -RRB- and no shipping -LRB- normally $ 40 per chair -RRB- . We own a teak table and 4 teak chairs but we did not want to spend the additional $ 700 - $ 1300 per chair for teak lounge chairs . We read the research on Eucalyptus wood and decided it was a good alternative , especially for the price . Because they are treated with teak oil , the color of the chairs matches our other funiture . The sliding table makes them even better . Our boxes were not damaged and all parts were included . The simple instructions made them easy to put together -LRB- no additional parts or tools were needed -RRB- . We ca n't tell you anything about the durability because we 've only had them for 3 days , but even if they only last 3-5 years , we will still have saved a lot in comparison to the teak wood prices . Enjoy !!
 We recently bought two of these chairs to go on our deck . Unfortunately one arrived broken , but Amazon were excellent in replacing the chair very fast . Despite this first hiccup the chairs look fantastic and are a nice addition to the space . The down side is that they are rather narrow , they leach alot of the stain on the deck when they get wet -LRB- hosing them down a couple of times stopped that from happening again -RRB- , and I believe the wood struts would break if you silly enough to stand on the chair . All in all the chairs are great for the price , but if you like solid looking , robust furniture they are probably not for you .
 As a professional woodworker , I was immediately enticed to buy two of these . Just from the pictures , I figured ; How can I go wrong ? I can always return them if they do n't meet my expectations . They arrived yesterday . There is no way that I could build these myself for anywhere near this price ! The quality of materials and workmanship are top notch ! Thank-you !
 I ordered 4 chaises , 4 cushions and 4 tables and was impressed with the quality . Chaises 3x this price were no better . I was missing a few pieces of hardware but called company on a Sunday and left voicemail . Monday a.m. I received a call from them and they FedEx 'd the parts that day and had them in hand 2 days later . Great job and thank you . Highly recommend these chaises and they are quite easy to put together ... 15 minutes per . Enjoy
 Great little flag for my car 's rear view mirror ! Not too big to obstruct my view while driving , but large enough to where people can see it from far off . Quality seems to be very good and I do n't see anything wrong with it !
 I ordered 5 of these and they were perfect ! The only problem was that one of them was missing the suction cup that it was supposed to come with so I have to go out and buy one for it . Looks just like the picture and fits perfectly on/by a rear view mirror of a car .
 Great size & height . Would recommend it to anyone needing shade . Would like to find another just like it .
 I really like this canopy but I cant get replacement . Its unavailable at amazon . Can I get it some place very soon ?
 I have viewed videos of canopies to cool off my sun laden deck.All the options are just too much for the pocketbook!One ad , I responded to , was worse ! I would have to get several tax refunds to purchase that one.Then one day as I was passing a new sub-division in my home town , I noticed that a family had purchased a canopy for their back concrete deck . I thought , `` What a cool idea ! I bet that is an answer for my deck shade . '' However , my deck is wooden and four steps off the ground . I have a door that opens off the dinning room onto the deck that measures 10 ' X 12 ' . I wondered if I got a smaller canopy like this one 8 ' X 8 ' would that allow the door to open freely . I was planning to window shop for the availability of these canopies and sizes.Today I find your canopy offer and am impressed with the color , size and promise of cooler deck shade.Yours will definitely be on my wish list . I think this is the type of canopy I could use to help my family to enjoy our deck more.Thanks , for the offer.Happy shade days !
 These are great - very thick and a good deep blue colour with ties to keep them in place . I have deducted a star as one cushion had some ties missing . They are possibly a tiny bit too narrow for the chairs but for this price I am very pleased with them .
 The cushion I like very much . I can easily spot clean it and it dries quickly after a rain shower . My only minor critique would be ... it could be a bit wider and fit the chase lounge a bit better .
 I ordered three of these lounge cushions and have only had them for about two months but thus far I absolutely love them . The navy blue color goes very well with the lounges and are very comfortable . I love to lay in the sun and they are perfect for that . They have been used directly after swimming and dry out very quickly . They have tolerated the brutal sun of summer well so far and are in direct sunlight throughout the day ... no fading what so ever . I would highly recommend them to anyone .
 We bought these to pad our new resin chaise lounger . They are a perfect fit . The mesurments given are accurate . The color being described as brown may be somewhat off setting as they are actually more of a burnt orange . The match my red brick trim on my patio very well and was happy they were not brown.They actually are somewhat darker than the picture given . They really are about 3 '' thick and very comfortable with a padding that does not smash or hold you bodies form . Infact almost too comfortable as I have fallen asleep on them several times now . Time will only tell how well they hold up , but mine have been through 2 very heavy storms in TX . They dry faster than my other cushions on my patio furnature and have not bled any color from them . These are a much higher quality from those sold at Pennys , WalMart/Sam 's , Costco , Target or Burlington . Trust me , I have checked them all . For a few dollars more , these are a no brainer and if they hold up well , I will purchase tham again .
 Very happy with these 2 cushions . Durable , sun proof , waterproof , and o yess , very comfy !! These are the color of red dirt or brick and do n't show the color of dirt we have here .
 I am quite pleased with this chair cushion . I searched local stores and all over the internet for a replacement cushion in navy blue . The others I found were very expensive . This one is a good quality and a decent price .
 We have had these cushions for about 3 years now . The ties that keep them connected to the chairs are still in tact and they have been fairly resistant to all the pool water wear and tear . I suggest taking the cushions off in the winter ; we simply covered the whole chair , cushion included and because one was wet , it has a light dark stain -LRB- mildew -RRB- . I have n't tried to clean it yet , so not sure if it will come off , but this is a user error , not a product defect .
 Cushions look great on chaise loungers , bright dark green in color . Cushion get very hot in the sun . Items arrive well boxed and well before promised date .
 They are handsome and nicer than I expected , by far . The fabric has a really nice quality -- strong , pleasantly textured , durable , and a fine rich color . They 're handsome , well-stitched and sturdy , very comfortable , and are holding up to the sun -- some rain too , I must admit . These were a terrific deal ...
 These are very nice quality and comfortable . Everything was as expected and came in just a few days !
 Great value ... look fantastic on the chairs ... excellent price ... could n't be happier .
 This is a great cushion . Ours is out in the hot sun , is not fading and has been through two huge rainstorms , but dries out quickly . The color is bright , and it is comfortable to sit on . The two ties on the cushion help keep it in place on the chaise . So , why pay a higher price for a cushion ? This one does the job nicely !!
 I was looking arround for these Cushions , as here on the Island of Curacao is not easy to get the right product so , i decided to order this product from Amazon.com.After exactly 2 weeks the 2 cushions ordered arrived here , and i must say the product fabric and thickness is very good , and feeling the fabric , it is perfect for the harsh sun light we do have here in the Caribbean.My wife and i are very satisfied , and we do recommend for that price it 's a very well item .
 The cushion is well-constructed and of good quality fabric . The generous amount of padding makes it very comfortable . Compared to other cushions of same or greater price , it is a great buy !
 seemed comfortable and expected . it is new so i do not know how long it will last . now i have had is some months . it began to deteriorate rather quickly , the color coming off on our clothes etc , had to cover the cushion with towels to sit on it . it is now tattered and coming apart . do not recommend the cushions . the chairs are holding up well and comfortable
 we 're glad we located this cushion to fit our chaise -- and color scheme . good for price and fast shipping , thanks . a BIG person would want more padding , but @ 135 # , i 'm fine with it .
 AND comfy ! Altogether I 'd have to say '' yay '' to these plush handsome chaise cushions . Fairly reasonable price too .
 This is a very comfortable cushion . Very pleasing to the eye as well . I have a green and blue cushion !!!!
 product came on time , well packaged and fit right on the Strathwood Longes I bought . Good price , good workmanship . I 'm satisfied .
 I like these cushions because they are n't too thick , but there are only two ties to tie to the chair ! Both located right in the center crease of the cushion , so when the wind blows , it blows the top half over onto the bottom half . Constantly going over and straightening cushion out . Other than that they 're not too bad .
 I was very pleased with this purchase . The picture does not do the cushion justice . I thought it would be a much slimmer cushion but it was thick and plush and well worth the money . I do n't keep it under a cover so I do n't know about mold , rot , etc that might or might not occur.I do know it was shipped promptly , packaged extremely well and was priced great .
 This is a great color , and thick so you dont feel the hardness of the chair . . it hasnt been in the rain yet as its in sunny CA . . but its kept its color so far . . good
 I 've owned and used this shade for over ten years and it has never failed me . It is an excellent sunshade that is light in weight , easy to put up , and festive in appearance . I have used it for picnic shade , to create many a street fair booth , and as a shade canopy in the yard . The design of this item is such that curtains may be hung from the frame to create a pavillion.The only down side of this product is that it consists of multiple assembly pieces , and there is not a reasonable container provided for carrying and storing them . If one piece is mislaid , I doubt if it could easily be replaced .
 The cooling effect on a southern exposure patio against a light colored house is phenominal . Breezes flow across and sun is well filtered . It allows us to stay outside longer in a strong sun.The filtering of the UVA rays causes the bugs to go to the top of the canopy . They never come down on to our food on the table underneath it nor do we need to spray chemicals to sit outside.In rain , it reduces the downpour effects and can be draped with a tarp very quickly during a cloudburst . If wind comes up , it can be broken down very quickly to keep from blowing away and if it does , the frame is strong enough not to bend or break .
 This was a great investment . I picked it up on sale for around $ 90 , but would definitely be willing to pay full price.I am hearing impaired -LRB- not completely deaf -RRB- , so the tone discrimination is very hard for me to pick up . But all of the beeps are nice and loud so I do not have a problem catching them.I use the headphones with it in order to preserve battery life , and so I do n't disturb the neighbors.The very first thing I did was read the instructions and do the test it gives instructions for . Then my 12 year old sister and I headed out for a quick trip . We just went around our own yard and found a hunk of rusting metal and a penny ! She was thrilled about the penny . The second time we went out onto a walking trail near us in the woods . We found several coins and some old metal zipper pulls from a company that makes camping equipment.We are still exploring the rules of our area -LRB- yes . . many cities and towns have rules about metal detecting , especially in their parks or on their trails . -RRB- As soon as we find some good places to go that allow metal detecting , we will definitely be out having fun !
 WOW ! I borrowed a 5 + year old Tracker IV metal detector from a friend at my work to help find a sprinker system valve lost and overgrown in my yard.This worked like an absolute charm !!! Within a minute of searching , I found a nail . Then another minute , a metal chain . No control valve yet , but impressive nonetheless . Another 10 minutes and I hit paydirt ! The valve was found under two inches of dirt . I never would have found it without the metal detector.Last month , I paid the irrigation fellow $ 150 to find and replace another broken control valve another place in the yard.I am going to put this Tracker IV on my `` wish list '' . This will pay for itself when another valve goes bad in my sprinkler system.Although I have not done any `` treasure hunting '' , I think this unit should do VERY well . I am very impressed .
 I bought the Bounty Hunter TK4-PL Tracker IV for my birthday in early April . I had always wanted to get into the metal detecting hobby , ever since I was a little kid . It was last year when I read a news article that inspired me to again want one and another earlier this year that pushed me to decide to finally bite the bullet.To be honest , I 've only had the chance to use my metal detector a handful of times since I got it last month . Primarily I have used it at a local park to go coinshooting . I 've also used it a few times around my house and at my sister 's house . So far , I have found nearly $ 2.00 in coins at the park the two times -LRB- to date -RRB- I 've gone there to look for coins . Naturally , I 've found trash as well but that is to be expected . So if you have a tendency to find trash , do n't be discouraged or disappointed . Does it pick up stuff well ? Indeed it does and up to three feet for larger items , and eight inches for smaller items such as coins.The detector itself is pretty easy to learn and get accustomed to . I was surprised at how lightweight it was when I first got it . Before I took it out of the box the day I got it , the UPS deliverer mistakenly dropped it off at my neighbor 's house next door . Bringing it home and before taking it out , I almost thought maybe I had gotten the wrong item due to how light it felt.There are only a few controls to learn and get used to . There 's the discriminator -- which will eliminate more and more objects the higher its set , the sensitivity knob , meter , and metal detecting mode -LRB- tone , disc , all metals -RRB- . There 's a jack for headphones which I understand helps not only to not bother other people who may not be involved but helps sustain battery life for the detector.This is my very first metal detector and , while I have nothing to compare it to , I have enjoyed using it so far and have had some luck .
 This is a great little starter detector - it 's well-made , easy to assemble , and easy to operate . For the money , you 're not going to find a better detector .
 I bought this using a gift certificate from work . I had been looking at metal detectors for a few months and this one quickly rises to the top of the list for entry level and low cost . It 's very light weight but reasonably well constructed . There are just enough settings to make it very effective and it 's still easy to setup and use . It works very well for shallow to moderately deep targets -LRB- 1-4 inches -RRB- and finds targets well below that when they are larger . The tone setting with disc . set at about 2 o'clock position is very effective for coin shooting . The unit is very sensitive to small targets as deep as 6 inches in the all metal mode . overall I 've been very satisfied with this machine and I feel it 's the best value for a metal detector in this price range . this one gets my `` best bang for the Buck '' award .
 I had been looking a long time for a metal detector and finally decided to take the plunge . All the product details and other reviews were extremely excellent and very helpful in making a decision . I also had done other research about the use of a metal detector and how to make it your own . This particular detector has everything I want and I can always add additional items at a later date . Best investment I have every made and I know it will pay for itself over and over . Besides , I am having a lot of fun . Highly recommended .
 A lil bit about me before you read so know if our logic agrees before you even start reading.im 27 yo and usually very skeptical of most everything i buy . i like quality over flash and excessive features for my skill set and needs.Simple . Cheap . Reliable.I did a lot of research before deciding to go cheap and buy the tk4.My decision was based on a few factors.Not listening to the geezers that swear by only one brand or whatever they swear by . Nah if i had one of those sweet 1200 dollar md s i 'd be bragging too.Price of course . Super low for an entry level metal detector . Reviews , from everyone , not just amazon / ebay / manufacturers websites ... Metal detecting forums are lifesavers.Possibility of not liking the hobby or liking it more and wanting to upgrade later . features / lack thereof . Durabilty . Options for possible upgrades without buying a new model . Cheap coils super important to me . -LRB- I 'm rough with everything i own i just ca n't even help it . -RRB- Pros
 I gave this as a gift to my father . . who after a little practice and reading the manual on how to use . . found some old coins in the field nextdoor the first day !! thanks
 Taken out two seperate times and my daughter found numerous treasures . The huge lost nails used to help build a barn over 40 years ago was her very first find and they were over 6 inches down in compacted dirt . Light weight , easy to assemble , and thankfully easy to use ... she is even easily understanding the differences in tones and how to use the discrimination .
 I was suprised how well the Metal Detector works . My Grandson and I have had lots of fun searching for treasure . It can be adjusted to discrimate between nails -LRB- iron -RRB- and coins . It takes a little practice to become accurate when digging . Over all - good value for the money . I 'm going to purchase the gold search coil and have some more fun .
 This was a gift for someone who thought he had everything and now has more for retirement . He loved it and has found unexpected uses for it .
 THIS IS AN EXCELLENT DETECTOR ESPECIALLY FOR A BEGINNER . IT ASSEMBLES EASILY AND THE OPERATION IS EASY TO LEARN . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS UNIT TO ANYONE .
 So you want to pick up a metal detector and dropping a load of cash does n't make sense for whatever reason then this is a good detector to start with . We bought this for our son and he has loved it right out of the box . It feels a little heavy on the plastic side but then again you 're not paying for a titanium case either . He 's gone out to the yard and adjusted all the settings to dial into all kinds of neat rusty treasures . Square nails a foot down , old car parts buried loooooong ago , coins and all sorts of little treasures . If this one does this well then the expensive ones must be amazing . I would recommend this for anyone that is starting out and wants to see if it 's a fun hobby or is getting one for a child . I would have given it a 5 star if the construction was a little more sturdy but we have n't had any problems with it after a couple hundred hours of use .
 Well designed and built this is very good value . It detects small items quite deep in the ground so can be recommended .
 Since I 've gotten this detector my grandchildren have really enjoyed it . If you get one just remember that you will have lots of holes around your property .
 Was some what skeptical of purchasing a metal detector for under $ 100 , but was very pleased with the preformance . Tryed it out at an old farm stead found an old watch and some spent shell casings , then went to an old copper mine and found several pieces of native copper . When the discrmnator setting is used it will not sound a tone when passing over Iron or steel only copper , silver or other nonferrous metals . All and all very pleased !!
 Got this for my hubby for Father 's Day and he absolutely loves it ! It 's his first metal detector , and he found it very easy to use and put together . He said it takes a bit to get used to the different settings and sounds but that it gets easier just by messing around with it . On his second day of use he found a 1943 Australian silver coin in our front yard !
 I purchased the Bounty Hunter tracker in order to clear the paddocks surrounding our new barn of screws and nails . It is easy to use , lightweight and amazingly accurate for even very small pieces of metal . I rate it at four out of five stars because I have come across one type of screw that it will not react to . Very pleased with this product , ease of purchase and quick delivery .
 Easy to use , Fun to explore I found quite valuable items . Nice to own a metal detector , you never what you could find ...
 My research indicated this was the least expensive detector with truly useful features and I am not disappointed . Only complaints are that the meter is not needed - it is too sensitive and simply pegs whenever a tone is heard . The instructions suggest no use for it . Also , it does n't come with a headset . You need to find a pair that stays on when you 're walking around and bending down to dig . Has good sensitivity , very easy to use , and has a discriminator that works . I have n't yet found the piece of jewelry we dropped , but if it 's out there , I 'll find it with this detector . Looking forward to using it on the beach this summer .
 This is a great device . It fits with what I read about performing automatically a couple of things that beginners have trouble with . In my case I had lost my wedding ring in the yard while raking leaves . The long story resulted in a happy end when , after wondering if the device really worked after an hour of frustration , I tried a different area I KNEW that the ring could not possibly be - and the device went off LOUD AND CLEAR - and there the ring was ! I am quite happy that the automatic adjustments make it an excellent beginner metal detector .
 As a high end but low cost metal detector I give this thing five stars . My daughter gave me this as birthday present several weeks ago and I enjoyed using it since then . It is very ease of use , and it DOES find what you are searching for -LRB- rings , coins , etc -RRB- . I wanted to make one point : Of course , this detector has the discrimination function which tells the difference between the various metals . It certainly helps you to avoid digging junk like pull tabs which are everywhere . It does work pretty good . To me , I suggest using `` All Metal '' mode . I found good stuff under this mode but could n't under `` Discriminatation '' mode . I am pretty new to treasure hunting , so it is just suggestion based on my experience .
 This is a really good inexpensive way to try metal detecting . I 've been using it in the `` all metal '' mode which is an easy way to get started . I have used it a few times and find it to be quite sensitive . So far I 've found coins , a few pieces of cheap jewelry , and a lot of trash items -LRB- bottle caps , hair pins , foil ... -RRB- The trash can be filtered out easily by adjusting the knobs and switch on the console . I was just in a hurry to use it and did n't want to miss anything . One thing it does n't seem to detect very well is very small gold chains without pendants . This might be true of all metal detectors . I do n't know because this is the only one I 've ever used . It uses two 9v batteries which can be expensive , but I picked up an inexpensive pair of headphones which seem to increase the battery life . Overall I 'm very satisfied with my purchase and would recommend this product to anybody that wanted to give metal detecting a try without investing too much .
 This is the first metal detector that I purchased and was not sure how much I needed to spend to find a worthwhile detector for the beginner . The Tracker IV has more than exceeded my expectations and has been fun for my family right out of the box . We took it to the local beach and spent a couple of hours searching . Every time the Tracker signalled we found something . Once you hit on something it may take a little sifting to find it , but we did find something every time - from old bottle caps , to some old square nails to some pocket change that had clearly been there for a while . Some of the items were as much as 12 '' under the surface . So I am very pleased with the reasonable price and excellent results to date , and would definitely recommend the Tracker IV .
 I bought this product for my 13 year old son 's birthday , and he was thrilled . I was thrilled because it was easy to put together , works great over many different terrains , and is so easy to use , the whole family has enjoyed it ! It is the perfect Tracker for us .
 We just removed and/or relocated some metal t-post and barbed wire fences on my farm . A couple of these fences were over 15 years old . There most likely were rusted and broken t-posts embedded in the ground . This would be a danger to the tires on the machinery . Believe me , you do NOT want to puncture a fluid-filled tractor tire which weighs hundreds of pounds . Anyhow , the requirement was for a metal detector which would detect these iron metal posts , and not discriminate them out because they are not `` precious '' metal.This detector fit the job to a tee . In fact the manual even gave specific settings to use for general farm work . In short order I located and dug out five broken t-posts , and also found several pieces of old barbed wire and quite a few of the wire clips used to attach the wire to the posts . This was despite working on heavy , wet clay and through heavy grass -LRB- hay -RRB- about six inches tall . The unit was sensitive enough to even pick up the rust in the ground where old posts had been removed , but the sounds made it plain which detections were the important ones . I also found some old boards just below the surface . These boards were detected because they had nails in them ! I probably saved myself hundreds of dollars in tractor tire service calls and repairs.So , even if you are not hoping to find Uncle Ed 's buried treasure , this detector is definitely useful .
 This is a great starter machine . I purchased this becuase I was starting to have an interest in metal detecting . You will want to read on adjusting the settings to filter trash . I got it to the point most trash is filtered out and I 'm finding more coins than trash . There is nothing against this product starting out , but if you have a Hobby Lobby near you get the 40 % one item cupon from their website and purchase it there for $ 60 .
 I recently was forced into retirement by NYS ... What do you do ?? You buy some woodworking tools and a metal detector.I surfed until i could n't read anymore reviews ... i knew absolutly nothing about metal detectors.The bounty hunter IV was the only one that had alot of review . So i ordered it from amazon . Got it one day before i shoud have.Like a normal man i took it out of the box , put batteries in it and went out looking . . I live in the Catskill mtns . where the ant-rent wars took place.In 20 min . i found 10 items -LRB- ALL JUNK BUT A LOT OF FUN -RRB- Then i decided to go in and read the directions.It 's seems to be a great first metal detector.You do n't have to know anything to use it.Bring a little shovel with you-It 's tough trying to dig with your hands
 After reading all of the reviews I decided to buy this little metal detector . Since I do n't need all of the bells and whistles I figured the IV would fill the bill and it has . It 's light , easy to use , and the first time I tried it I found a small nozzle that my husband had lost in the back yard . Hope to try it on the next beach we hit . The reviews I read were right - it 's a great buy .
 We are finding this fun . Quite sensitive . Found alot of junk . Also a few of our own lost items on our property . That in itself was worth the price !
 Bought this just to mess around with . I 've used it everyday that I do n't have to work . Easy to use . Wish I would have bought one a long time ago .
 good price , easy to use , i found two aluminum arrows that i had lost target shooting with my bow the very first day that it was delivered . before purchasing the detector i probably spent about an hour walking around trying to find them using only a visual search and gave up . using the tracker IV i found both of them buried under grass and leaves in about 15 minutes . yes i would recommend this product . thanks again amazon !
 Some dopey landscaper delivered topsoil to my yard that was full of bits of jagged metal , knife blades , and broken glass . I crawled around on my hands and knees looking for stuff but was still afraid someone might get hurt walking around barefoot.I ordered this thing and in a few hours of work found a knife blade , some small pieces of metal , and two large jagged pieces of mangled steel.Yes , there 's a slight learning curve but the sounds are meaningful and the gauge , although jumpy , does convey useful information . I much prefer it to the crappy LCD look that 's common on so many electronics.Basically , the thing has paid for itself already , and now I 'm just waiting for an opportunity where I can take it out and have some fun with it , i.e. looking for treasure .
 We bought this so that we can locate arrows when they overshoot the target at the range . The range we practice at is basically a very large field and the targets do not have a backstop . Arrows are almost impossible to locate because of the soft dirt and grass.This device is sensitive enough to locate the metal point on a carbon fiber arrow buried 3 to 6 inches under ground . This metal detector has paid for itself already just by locating our lost arrows .
 I have never used a metal detector in my life before , but this has just the right amount of features so that i can find some good metal without getting confused ! It was easy to get used to the beeps and sounds and i could quickly determine how deep an object was and what type of metal it is . Great detector for an even better price . Could not be happier .
 I bought this for my 14 yr . old son and he loves it . He hardly puts it down . I have 2 regrets I should have purchased one for me and now I have little mounds of dirt thru out the back yard . Oh well I guess it is worth it . Excellent product .
 I just used this today to clean up nails in our driveway after our contractors left for the day . It works very well ! It always finds what I ca n't see!I 'm very excited to take it to the beach when the weather warms up ... A lot of fun for the kids too !
 very satisfied , first day out had tremmendous sucess , over 12 $ in change and a gold braclet , with charms
 I gave this unit as a present to my Bro in Law . He loves it . He and his wife go looking for `` stuff '' all the time . -LRB- Mostly nails and bottle caps -RRB-
 ... be honest I can say anything she just take out the box and storage in the garage . . I hope she can used some day because I spend a lot of money in that ... I think this is a habit here in u.s.a. . .
 Fast shipping . New product in box . I have not tried yet , I bought this for my Nephew 's Christmas present .
 I have never written a review but I have heard from a couple of friends that this metal detector is great especially for beginners . I am buying this item for my husband but I have to thank the people at Detector Electronics Corp. . I purchased this item yesterday and had asked for next day service and supposedly UPS stated this item was delivered to me today Dec 19 but it was not so I freaked out . I was not sure if UPS falsely claimed that they had delivered the item or if someone stole it from my porch since it is the Christmas season . I called the shipper which was Detector Electronics Corp. and explained my situation . The supervisor/owner at this company was great in helping me to get investigate what happened and helping me get another metal detector this time signature required . Make sure to always get signature required I a have feeling due to the economy people are stealing items left by UPS . Thank you so much Detector Electronics Corp. for making a stressful situation better and for making a Merry Christmas for my husband .
 I have n't tried this item yet as the weather has n't cooperated . But the service was great . I ordered it as a last minute Christmas item , and got it in time to make my recepient happy . Thanks
 I bought this as a complete novice to the sport ?? of metal detecting . I bought it with the intention of locating a few property stakes and maybe finding some valuable treasures in my yard . To date I have found neither . I would chalk this up to my inexperiece and to the fact that I have not gotten out and used it nearly as much as I imagined I would . Everything I have read about this particular detector indicated it was an introductory model that works reasonably well . I would agree .
 The person that I gave this gift to really enjoys and finds it easy to use .
 Because of a computer glitch this item was listed as a detector , not a detector book . The ad was submitted by Woody 's Books -LRB- an online bookstore which deals only in books . -RRB- I attempted to purchase the detector and I was informed that the item was a mistake and my money was refunded . I am writing this review not about the detector but about the seller , Woody 's Books . I must say that I was more impressed with my dealing with April at Woody 's Books than any seller that I have ever dealt with in my many years of buying and selling on eBay . I was very satisfied with my transaction and I can assure you that you will be happy with any purchase you make from this seller . They get the highest possible recommendation that I am able to give . -LRB- 5 + out of 5 -RRB-
 I collect rare bottle caps , and try to take care not to lose any of my collection . I was coming back from a convention recently and one of my collection boxes hopped out of the back of the pickup as I was crossing an old hump-back bridge , and fell into a small stream.So I bought the metal detector to try to get my valuable collection back . This one said it is waterproof so I figured it might do the job.Well , after three weeks of wading up and down the stream I have had mixed fortunes . A Celtic chalice , the silver cumtach -LRB- cover -RRB- from a medieval bible , two viking swords , a couple of daggers , a mound of celtic , roman and viking coins , an array of viking hacksilver , medieval broches and buckes from shoes and belts , delicately filigreed celtic gold jewellry and most notable of all -LRB- since the Romans never made it to Ireland -RRB- the metal fittings from eight complete and six incomplete sets of roman imperial legionnary armour.OK , so I am famous now amongst scholars of the Romano-Celtic world . I have been awarded three honorary doctorate degrees for my finds , and I have been given freedom of the cities of Dublin and York , and I had to decline a Royal knighthood offered by the English Queen -LRB- I do have principles and I am an Irish Republican -RRB- . But what is all this fame ? I have lost a box of 200 bottle caps and not found a single one with the detector.In that collection was a rare 1950 's Kirin blue , a 1945 victory V double diamond crown cap and most valuable of all a Grolsch porcelain stopper from the first ever commercial batch . What does it profit a man to gain the world if he loseth his bottle cap collection?If you buy the metal detector I hope you have more luck than me !
 I bought it one month ago and took it to different beaches . In total , I found around 7 dollars coins only . The setting instruction is OK . I am sure that I did not set it in the perfect way for coin hunting . But after these 3 times experiences , I could more or less feel what it would be when the hunter beeps . The sound difference between beer lids and dime is not very big . While maybe people are very careful now , I did not find any valuable things other than coins . By the way , I was trying to find old coins . But coins in beaches are really in the worse condition . Probably , even there was some coins from 1940 's in the sands , it is not worth a penny . Any way , for 100 dollars , it is a good one .
 I bought this to find my property corners and save the cost of a survey . I already have a Garrett but could n't find one of the two battery packs that are required for it to operate . The Bounty Hunter uses only 2 9-volt batteries , which is a lot easier to keep track of than the 8 AAs that the Garrett requires.The Bounty Hunter did an admirable job and was quite easy to use . It took about 20 minutes to get the hang of searching in all metals mode and then swithcing out to see if I had iron or not for the property corners . It took about 10 minutes to find the first corner which was almost 5 inches deep . I also turned up a bunch of other stuff left by the former owners.For the cost , this is a dandy little metal detector .
 I purchased the Bounty TRACKER IV with a couple of purposes in mind . First , I have a new residence and wanted to go over the gravel driveway and parking areas to find nails and other sharp metallic debris for removal . The TRACKER worked wonderfully well in finding many such items as deep as 3-4 inches . As an added bonus , I was able to track the course of the buried electrical service coming from the pole to the house . The second use will be for hobby type treasure hunting -LRB- relics , precious metals , etc -RRB- . The unit worked well and discriminates between various types of metal nicely . Although the built-in speaker works well , my advice would be to obtain a good set of monophonic headphones to eliminate extraneous noise and to hear faint detections better . Not really a negative comment - just a way to improve your hunting.I would recommend this unit to a beginner or intermediate hunter . To get a major improvement would cost from several hundred to over a thousand dollars which puts you in the serious to professional category .
 Fast Shipping and On Time . The Tracker IV is my first detector and it works great . It bought it after reading a lot of good reviews on it . It is as good as the reviews says . It finds metal objects real good . It is easy to assemble , instructions are easy to follow . It is a perfect detector for beginners , very easy to get the hang of . I am extremely satisfied with it . I did n't want anything fancy or expensive . If you want to get a simple metal detector this is a perfect metal detector and it does n't cost too much . You can set the settings on to find all metals or switch it to different settings to ignore the trash items such as aluminum cans and such . There is a setting guide included in the instructions for what you are wanting to find such as
 Having a great time with my Bounty Hunter . Easy to assemble and use and so far just finding old hinges and sadle buckles around the property is fun while learning . Ca n't wait for dry weather to take it on the road .
 We are 12 year old twin brothers . We got this metal detector as a birthday gift . The first time we used it in our backyard , we found nails and pieces of wire . Next , we found a two handed cleaver/sword about 2 inches underground near an old house foundation . We are happy that it detects metal about a foot deep and also annoyed because it is so strong that it detects everything -LRB- metal -RRB- . All our friends now want one . We highly recommend this affordable great piece of machinery .
 They did not mention in the users manuel that this MD was waterproof.I found out online through research . It 's my first detector . I took it out on the beach & i found 3 pennies , 1 quarter , 1 belt buckle thingy , and an old cool looking key . I think it 's awesome for the money !! I read the reviews here before buying it at Dick 's Sporting good store & i 'm happy i picked it up . Looking for a MD for a decent price that works . I say go for it !!
 this is the first metal detector I 've owned or used . It was easy to assemble , easy to figure out how to use - I get impatient with written instructions , but this manual was n't bad . Our property is rural , but has had loads of car parts , farm equipment bits and pieces , etc. , scattered and partly buried over the last 100 + years . This detector has helped us locate dangerous buried/surface ` junk ' metal in our horse pasture , which is VERY useful !!! Also can easily pinpoint a buried brass shell casing amid a jumble of rusty nails and iron harness pieces . I 've also used the Bounty Hunter to locate the old drains and water line in our yard . I wo n't be finding any gold nuggets in Ohio , but now I can find all our spent 9mm casings and rid the pasture of dangerous junk metal . Also should point out that this unit is light and ergonomically designed . Seems to be a very good `` beginner '' model , definitely fun to use !
 when i used this product it was great for what we needed in addition its fun to find stuff like i found a pair of glasses from the 1920s at an old school house . i would deffinitally recomend it .
 This was a gift for my grandson at Christmas , so because we have snow he has n't been able to use it very much . But he loves it and I think will get a lot of enjoyment out of it .
 This was delivered promptly & was as advertised . I purchased this along with the Nylon carry bag & book Metal Detecting for the beginner as a Christmas gift for my son in law . He was happy to receive this & will be using it soon .
 I bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas . He has never had a metal detector before , so I did n't want to spend a ton of money , just in case he used it once and then got bored . This was a great price . It was really easy to assemble -LRB- did n't come with batteries , not a big deal though -RRB- . Once we put the batteries in it he was able to use it within about 15 minutes of opening the gift . Would definatly recommend it to anyone looking for a lower cost model for a first time user .
 ordered for 7 y/o son for xmas . planted coins in sand and he found every one of them . moved up to the high school athletic fields and while we didnt have much luck , it was more due to our weak digging in the thick grass . easy to adjust , not too heavy . son got the hang of it right away .
 Seems well built for the price . This is our first detector , so we did n't want to spend too much to see if the kids would enjoy it . It goes together easily and seems to work pretty well .
 my husband enjoyed it , he ` s been wanting one for a long time , so my son says get one and we did
 Overall I 'd say its a great buy we got it for my son and we are all novices at this so I cant say a whole lot from experience but I do feel that there could be a lot more possabilities with a more expensive unit . We have n't purchased the new coil for it yet but from the reviews I 've read it is worth it and helps with sensitivity and other aspects of finding some treasures . My son is 12 and has enjoyed using it but as of now with having it maybe 6mo we havent found that treasure , so maybe the coil will get us there :-RRB- Either way im pleased with the quality and we have had plenty of fun using it
 This metal detector saved us alot of time locating buried property surveyed points , easy to use and not costing alot of money
 I was n't expecting too much , but this little guy DOES work pretty well . We are just amateurs at metal detecting , so this is fun if you are n't a professional .
 Takes a little getting used to but it perfect . It has cleaned up many a camp site of prior occupants trash but is quite the fun object to pull out with the kids . Take it on every trip .
 I think the Bounty Hunter Tracker IV metal detector is a great buy . Took only a minute to assemble , and a few minutes to read the manual and I was out finding items in the yard . Has three different detection modes to eliminate most trash , that is iron and steel . Headphones would be a great addition , makes it easier to pick up faint sounds .
 I have had little experience with metal detectors , except for having built one once about 40 years ago as a project I found in an electronics magazine . I still understand in principle how these devices work from that experience and from a general background in electronics . Basically a balanced circuit is produced in the two coils at the end of the unit . When the flux lines in the coils are changed by induced eddy currents -LRB- by passing near a metal object -RRB- , a difference signal is generated from the unbalanced conditions which lets the operator know that something has changed in the field of the detector coil . BTW , this is why one must move the coil in order to induce a signal . A static coil does not experience any changes . Different metal groups produce different phase responses , which allow for some rough discrimination of the type of metal producing the response.My point is that these things can finicky as most anything that changes the reluctance of a tuned circuit will generate a difference signal . So the trick is to just generate a signal when an object of interest is passed over.All of that said , I am favorably impressed with the operation of this moderately priced unit . It is rugged . It is very stable . It is sensitive without being too sensitive so that too many false signals are generated . The notch filter function seems to work well . It does not seem to be much affected by soil mineralization -LRB- at least in my yard -RRB- or soil moisture levels.I purchased the unit to find nails in the yard . I had my roof replaced a couple of months ago and even though the crew did an excellent job and ran magnetic nail sweeps over and over the yard , I could still go out with a powerful hand held magnet mounted on a short wooden handle and find nails . After several weeks of this sporadic activity , I realized that if I were to have a shot at finding 99.9 % of the extant nails , I would need a better way to detect them . Hence this detector.I use the detector in the non-discrimiating mode and have found nails that were obviously left over from when the house was built almost 20 years ago ! For this purpose it has worked and worked well . I have even done a small amount of digging to get the long buried metal up and out of the yard for no other reason than I can locate it and then retrieve it.No treasure , so far.Learning to narrow down the source of a signal by making `` X '' sweeps takes a bit of practice . After only a few minutes , however , even a novice such as I can quickly get an idea of whether the object is on or under the surface and if it is iron/steel or not.The grand daughters , 6 going on 7 , and 9 going on 14 , have taken to this device in a big way.Let me explain.I salted two areas of my rather large yard with 1 - $ 1 coin , 5 quarters , 5 dimes , five nickels , and five pennies each . These areas were well removed from one another . I made sure that the coins were not very visible , but otherwise were dropped randomly . When the grand daughters last came to visit , I asked them to help me find treasure in my yard . I produced two wadded up `` treasure maps '' and let them select which one they wanted . Then I showed them the metal detector and explained how it worked . I had a minute timer along with two baggies labeled with their names in my pocket . The timer was to keep the peace as each girl got ten minutes alternately . The baggies were to keep the loot separate and separated.I believe the 6.5 year old would still be out there looking , if we had not forced her to come in that evening . All in all the youngest found all but 6 but oddly enough , she ended up with 4 more than I had planted . You see , she found a dime that I had not put there ! The older one came up 11 short and was most disappointed that her sister had found more than she ! As a bonus , they did find 7 nails that I had not expected to find as these were in areas well removed from the perimeter of the house.I also had an opportunity to explain to the older one that this was an application of science , where she could use a device to sense things that she could not see , hear , or feel . This made an impression on her , I could tell.They want to come back and do this again!Suits me fine.So what does this have to do with a review of a purchase ? This unit has worked well in not only my hands but in the little , inexperienced , and often clumsy hands of two children -LRB- after shortening the pole -RRB- . It is light enough in weight that neither I nor the children had any difficulty using it . The smaller did have to use two hands , however.I am pleased with it in general , but I have yet to test it for unsalted `` coin shooting '' -LRB- I love that term -RRB- , relic hunting , prospecting , or general treasure hunting as in finding objects of value say at a public beach , park , etc. I would recommend it as a good , affordable , general purpose metal detector , with the caveat that I have few benchmarks such as how a higher end unit would perform for comparison , such as a unit that worked by pulse induction , for example .
 I 've had this for about 6 months . I 've found a decent amount of change , and a few rings . I 've also thrown away a lot of trash that it also picked up -- but if you 're going to find good stuff , you 've got to clean out the trash , as well.This detector does n't have a lot of frills . You do n't have a display screen telling you that it 's a gold bracelet before you dig . On the other hand , even those fancy ones mistake a gold ring for pop tab , so it 's good to dig everything . It 's hard to say what I 've missed from not having a better -LRB- more expensive -RRB- one ... but I was not going to drop $ 300 on a detector and then find out I really did n't like it .
 I bought one used for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- on ... . I started scanning my Girlfriend 's yard -LRB- house built in 1940 's -RRB- and immediately picked up all sorts of signals . After a day I became used to the different tones and began discriminating what to and not to dig . That day I found 3 spoons , one of them is silver , and 5 wheat pennies . The next day I searched a sledding hill and found about -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- in change . I think its a great deal for the money .
 I had never used a metal detector before so I am not an expert . As a beginner I would say BH Tracker IV does pretty much what they say it does . I found no obvious problems or defects . It 's easy to use and the instructions are pretty clear . It was ready to use within just a few minutes of being taken out of the box . The more I use it , the better it works . Meaning that as I get used to it I am learning how it works , learning the subtle differences in tones , learning how to adjust it , `` tune '' it , to give me more information . If you do n't take the time to learn how to operate it , I bet you wo n't like it.I like it .
 I am over 50 and always wanted a metal detector . I research the web to find one that would fit my needs . Price , simplicity and performance were the three most important factors.This is going to sound like a lie but it is n't . In the first week of use I found coins -LRB- mostly pennies -RRB- , a gold opal ring , a .925 silver braclet and a silver ring . Not bad for a first timer . The detector has three settings . One that finds any metal and two that basically are used for jewelry and coins . Through the use I have found I really only use two of the settings . Read the manual which takes about 5 minutes , do the test to learn about the different sounds each metal makes and you are ready to go.Amazon.com had easily the cheapest price after looking around the web . Another piece of advice is you do n't need a headset when using this and forget the fancy tools they sell for digging and sifting . I found a little garden shovel for $ 3 and in the kitchen section of a `` cheap '' store I found a strainer type thing with a handle for sifting sand.One more piece of advice . Forget the beach for finding things . I have found only one coin there . I have made most of my finds in parking lots and playing fields . Seems many people lose things without knowing it while playing games and getting into and out of cars .
 This is a great device ... I found an aluminum can in my yard that was over a foot deep - much deeper than the product claims to be able to find . The discrimination works well , but do n't overuse it or you 'll lose inches on your depth . The display is useless , but you can easily tell what you 're detecting by using your EARS ! Put some `` earbud '' headphones on and listen to the tone of different metals.I set my sensitivity to about 2 o'clock and the discrimination to about 10 o'clock . This is the easiest way to find the most stuff with the greatest ability to tell what is what . I 'd buy another any day . You 'll have to spend more money to get a detector that can go in the water , but this one works great on sand -LRB- wet and dry -RRB- and on dirt . Swing slower and for great advice , do a google on `` Treasure Quest XLT '' and join the forums . SO much info that helped me greatly both with this device and in general . A great place to share you finds too : - -RRB-
 This is truly an entry-level device , great for someone who wants to just use it out of the box . I am an oddball though in that I am not using it to find normal metals . I am actually using it to find metal-bearing minerals such as pyrite and galena -LRB- iron and lead bearing , respectively -RRB- . This detector by itself is really better for just finding plain metals , and is not very sensitive at all for finding such minerals . If it were n't for the fact that a better search coil can be had , I would give it 3 stars.For those searching for minerals such as pyrite and galena , and even for those looking for pure metal items or relics -LRB- there are VERY FEW people interested in minerals ! -RRB- I HIGHLY recommend buying the 4 '' nugget coil for use with this . Having that coil and learning the differences in detectability -LRB- depth vs. sensitivity -RRB- will allow a variety of detecting options . For example , if know you do n't want to DIG and you just want to find something small stuck in the grass , use the smaller nugget coil . For beach combing or looking for deeper objects , use the standard coil . See my review of the gold nugget coil for more information.Anyway , this is such an inexpensive model and is so easy to use its hard to go wrong . My only gripe is that it has its own threshold for detectability that is internally set , and so the notification is a binary `` beep '' or no beep . You ca n't really listen to the tone -LRB- like you can with a Whites model -RRB- to get a `` feel '' for the search . For the price of this model , though , you just ca n't find that sort of function in any detector , and therefore I really ca n't give it bad marks for that.I will say that if you think you might get serious about prospecting or metal detecting as a hobby , understand that you will likely buy another more capable model later on . Although , you 'll probably not get rid of this one if you do ! It 's also great to have for fun with the kids on the beach or in the park - and no need for complex training for them to use it .
 I lost my wedding band last fall when I was doing yard work . I was brushing off my pants of dirt and leaf debris at the perimeter of our yard -LRB- right next to the lake -RRB- and my wedding band flew off into our lake . I searched all over the edge of the water through leaves and brush with no luck . For several days I searched the entire area for the ring but could n't find it . Naturally , my wife continued to give me a bunch of grief due to losing my ring but I was determined to find it . After much research I decided on purchasing this metal detector due to its high rating and reasonable cost . I searched the area , both within the yard and in the water -LRB- 1-3 ' deep -RRB- but found nothing but several aluminum pop cans , pop tabs , nails , etc. . Winter finally arrived and the water was too cold to continue looking for the ring so I decided to wait until the Spring . We finally have had some nice sunny days here recently and I decided to take the metal detector back out to the back yard to continue looking for the ring . After about 20 minutes , I found my wedding ring in about 1 foot of water in a bunch of decaying leaves . I would have never found the ring without this detector and it literally saved my marriage . Great product and it quickly paid for itself . Very happy with this product and my wife is now happy with me .
 works very well , found dime first try at beach . a little big for my 11 year old but she will soon grow into it Great family fun
 Ten minutes out of the box , I found a railroad spike , the head of a large bolt , and part of a tomato cage . Now I have to go read the instructions and learn what I 'm doing .
 This is everything they said it would be , it is very easy to use and lots of fun thank you for sending this out so fast it was mailed within 1 week
 I purchased this for my husband 's birthday -LRB- he 's in his thirties -RRB- and he really likes it . It 's simple to use . It needs two 9 volt batteries , not included and a little assembly which took only a few minutes . It does not have a digital display , but has different beeps and sounds depending on types of metals located underground like nails , tin , gold -LRB- have n't heard that beep yet -RRB- and others . My kids ages 7 , 12 and 14 also enjoyed using it , it really is simple and not too heavy . The hardest part is digging to find the treasure . We 've only used it a few times but it was accurate when it beeped .
 My husband really enjoyed using his new metal detector on the beach while we were vacationing in the Outerbanks of NC . It was easy to pack and bring with us as well as very easy to use while we were there . He is looking forward to trying it out near our home !
 I have tried three different metal detectors prior to this one . This one is the first one I feel confident using . It picks up everything . I tried it out in my backyard and immediately found two metal items . Then I brought it to the beach and found a lot of random metal objects and then adjusted the settings and found 5 pennies . I 'm sure once I find a better location I 'll find more fun things . Love it !
 This metal detector was a first for our family . We camp a lot and wanted to by our 9 year old something cool for his birthday . It was very easy to assemble . We have our entire front yard dug up to put up a garage and my 9 and 6yr old went right out to find treasures in the dirt . The directions are easy to follow and the boys had a blast digging up nails , cans , fence posts and railroad spikes on there 1st adventure . It is a perfect finder for a beginner . We had read several reviews from other customers and went with the Bounty Hunter based on it 's easy use . We brought it camping and wanted the kids to search the beach volleyball court . With in seconds a mob of kids swarmed them and wanted to use it and help dig . The boys were overwhelmed and walked away without trying to hunt . We had read that this happens a lot to people so next week we will go with them to help . We hope to find more than rusted metal out in the real world !
 I 'm happy with the Bounty Hunter so far . I have n't had time to use it much , but when I did it found lots of metal scraps & nails so I 'm sure it would fine coins & jewelry if it was there . It 's lightweight as advertised .
 I have used this several times in the mountains . My favorite thing is ability to shorten or lengthen unit for your height . Hard to pinpoint items but that is expected from price . One issue is the smallness of the battery storage unit that holds the 2 - 9V , a very tight fit . Was able to detect metal scraps buried a few inches through some leaf cover . Plan to use it more this summer . I would recomend for the price .
 Great value buy ! We have never tried one so this was our first venture . Great price and really works !
 Very , very pleased with this product . Simple to use , very light to carry , and extremely accurate . A 5-star product !
 I purchased this to locate just brass casings and this unit does quite well at sorting it out .
 Bounty Hunter Tracker IV Metal Detector , this product came to me in perfect conditions , works very well and honestly it was a gift for my wife for Christ-mas and she has hardly used it , but as for the performance of the product , it is well worth the money .
 So to begin with , for our 3 Year anniversary I had bought A very nice ring for my Girlfriend and I knew I was risking something because no offense she is very clumsy and has a great tenancy to lose everything she owns . Well guess what happened ? Hmm thats weird she lost her ring the second day she had it , not even 48 hours and gone . The other good part about this situation is that her yard is about 16 acres oh and there is about 2.5 feet of snow . So I am thinking she ran all over her yard that day playing with her dog and how are we ever going to find that thing before her dad snow blows a trail through the yard or mows the lawn in spring/summer . I got it , its made of metal , I have always wanted a metal detector before , why not ? So I am looking on amazon and I do n't want to pay out the butt for one and I come across this beast . I saw all of the great reviews and the ridiculously low price-Perfect . I make the order ASAP , wait for it and two days before I get it , Guess what , her dad snow blows . Great ... Well when I get it I take it for a spin and test it out , brilliant discrimination features , good sensitivity , and good depth . Awesome , but will I be lucky to find it in one piece ? I bring it over there the next day and start searching , I adjust all the features to what I think is good and get to it . She gives me a general Idea of where she thinks she may have lost it about a 50 yard perimeter , I had decided to search a little more outside of It just in case . About 15 min later I am right on the trail her dad made with the snow blower , BEEP . You got to be kidding me , we dig up a chunk of snow about 8in deep set it aside and I check it , BEEP . Wow , I thought could it really be that easy ? We break the chunk apart and there it is , YEA ! It was right next to the tire track of where the snow blower past through . We were so happy , we found what was special plus the fact that the metal detector already paid for itself as well . It sure did its job and I would highly recommend this product to anyone . I am also looking forward to using it for the hobby later and if something like this happens again , I will know exactly what to do .
 Looking to get into the hobby inexpensively ? this is the detector for you . I threw in the batteries , and off I was . The instructions are a good read as far as technique , and settings . I quickly learned to constantly sway the bottom back and forth , then to adjust the knobs to detect metal type.For an inexpensive unit , I was finding items at 10 '' -12 '' down which surprised me . I invested in a hand help detecting shovel with a very sharp end , but id recommend a 18 '' -24 '' collapsible shovel instead , as you will be up and down alot w / the hand held . It would give off a sound , and id dig until no sound came from the hole anymore , then id start swiping over the dirt I removed . super east to put together and on my first time out I found items .
 The bounty hunter tracker 4 is the best metal detector i have had . The feature that i like the most on it is the 3 diffrent tones that tell you if its gold or nickel -LRB- low tone -RRB- can tabs and trash -LRB- broken tone -RRB- copper , silver , brass -LRB- high tone -RRB- . It has a padded arm rest so the plastic isnt rubbing on your arm making a fun hobby a pain . It also includes a manual that will tell you how to use the metal detector and tells you how to set up a test ground . It may not show it in the picture but you can lenghthen or shorten the detector to a comftrable posision . I would recomend this to any person that is looking for a fun and money making hobby this is a must have dont wait get it asapP.S . i already found a solid gold wedding band in the park : -RRB-
 This is a great value for those looking to get started in the fun hobby of metal detecting . This detector goes together easy , is light weight , and does a good job with proper tuning of detecting metal in the ground . I 've found metal about 6 to 7 inches deep so far with it . I started in my yard and had it set for pretty much all metal , I found a lot of junk . I took it to a field near a lake where events are held and fine tuned it to ignore iron , and aluminum , etc. . It did good with a higher pitched beep for possible good hits , and low pitched grunt for the `` jumk '' . This quickly lead to my first hits of coins . Albeit pennies , but hey much more worth the dig effort . The only false hits I had came with bottle caps , not sure if its the size matching a coin , or the metal type , but I got positive hits on these and dug them up to a bah junk attitude.This detector has water proof coils , so you can do some under water searching . You ca n't do a lot of super fine tuning as you could with pricier models , and this wo n't try to tell you up front , that hey you might have just found a quarter , or dime , etc. . But for the price its a good detector and if you are just getting starting its a great learning one to start with before you sell it and upgrade to the next $ $ model . I would highly recommend this if you fit this type of buyer into the hobby.Happy hunting !
 Calibrating takes a little time . The sensitivity is nice , but it lacks the accuracy of my previous metal detector which was a $ 40 one from the Discovery Store that was intended for children to use that I bought for my daughter . With the cheap one , you could scan from left to right and right to left to pinpoint an object like using a stud sensor . With this one , you can have anywhere from a 6 `` x6 - 1 ` x1 ' area to try and probe for what lies underground - depending on your patience , it may lead to a lot of unnecessary digging of fairly large holes .
 I received this product today . First day out I found a bunch of old nails , an old gear from a car , tons of scrap metal and a few dollars in coins . Be sure you read the manual first and then from there it will be simple to use . Great , great product !
 This product is a very sweet deal . It is simple to use , easy to store away , and actually works wonderfully ! We received it in a timely manner , threw some batteries into it and started searching the back yard . After 20 minutes we had a penny , 2 nails , and a metal file . Digging was the time consuming process . This product will be very beneficial some summer time at the beach !
 I purchased this for my husband as a Christmas present . It 's amazing how sensitive it is for locating metal items . Have n't found anything valuable yet but still searching .
 The value of this metal detector is great . It works perfectly for someone just getting started out . I have n't played enough with the settings to see how discriminating between different metal works , so I ca n't comment on that . For overall basic metal detecting , it works great . Wherever it beeped , did some digging , 95 % of the time found something metal . Super fun .
 Me and my mom bought this for my dad as a Christmas present . It was a huge hit . He 's still getting the fine points down but the basics of using it are pretty straightforward .
 The item was as promised in the ad and was delivered before the date promised . It worked very well .
 Do n't believe the hype.The ONLY thing this baby needs is the accessory coils for more depth.Folks will tell you Oh you need that five hundred dolllar too one thousand dollar detector for finding anythng.Dont buy into it.While yes the meter may be useless overall.For one hundred dollars you ca n't beat the value.Only four and a half times out hunting and already I 've found bus fare for myself.a 1954 Rabies vaccinnation tag.A duck from who knows when , It looks like something natives made , Or a prison inmate?An VERY antique Water faucet where the end is small unlike todays ... I plan to go our library this week and see a directory on our how old our house is.I found an 9mm Luger spent shell casing . . A wheat penny . . Though ALL change `` new ' and old I 'll probally end up keeping for the find value . LOLAnd oh my yard is getting cleaner of garbage.So maybe our grass ll be cleaner n Greener ?! LOL
 The Bounty Hunter IV Metal Detector is simple to use . The Owner 's Manual was easy to follow . We have used it at the beach and around our property . We have n't found anything valuable yet , but its fun to try .
 Arrived on time and was simple to get up and operating . It was easy to locate metal lot markers and underground cables . The only down side on my first experience with any detector was the battery compartment is tight and getting them out took some effort .
 hav n`t reallt got too use this except in my back yard and did not find a thing , darn it . but plan on going this weekend and see what i can find . cool and great shiping thank you amazon !
 works well so far , I have used it onces and boy , in the hour i used it i found lots of treasures ... old nails , a really old hand made nail , a rotted metal can ... lol Ill keep searching though , wan na find something cool .
 Took it to the beach . Scanned the instructions briefly . Used it when I got bored waiting on my daughter . Except for larger objects , exceedingly easy to determine whether you want to dig or walk on by . Sputtering sound means it is probably trash . Pure tone means dig till you find it.First outing on the beach . found 2 pennies and a quarter and did this in less than 20 minutes of never used one of these things before . Found some other stuff including what was left of a car fender or some other metal objectPros
 This is my first metal detector and I have a lot of fun with it . easy to use and accurate .
 It 's almost funny - I ordered this Monday -LRB- July 31 -RRB- using `` free shipping '' then two days later got an email from Amazon saying the item had been shipped and I would receive it on August 13 . As I was reading the email my doorbell rang and the detector was delivered ! We 're still dying laughing !!! Anyway , the thing is well constructed and seems to work well ... now on to finding my fortune !
 Bought this for my wife . She loves it . Perfect for a first time `` Bounty Hunters '' . It works very well for anyone that does n't need all the professional features .
 Great Product and fun to use . This is my second detector and i love it . Cant beat the price also .
 Very very simple to use - right out of the box - This really seems like a good entry model and one that I can use for a long time.I recommend getting headphones - I got the Sony MDR-V150 Monitor Series Headphones with Reversible Earcups and they work great -
 I bought this for my son 's birthday . It is easy enough for him to use and is advanced enough for me to use ! It is not a toy ! Works great !!
 This product has some good points and bad points . Too short for a tall man . Wo n't extend far enough for me , I 'm 6ft4in and have to lean over to use it . Easy to understand instructions and was able to adjust quickly . Good overall value . Found a large cent on my first outing !
 Great Little Detector for the price . It is easy to use easy to handle light weight and works like a champ . . Great Buy
 If you just want to get into the hobby and have an effective metal detector , you probably wo n't find a better one for the price . Decent quality and has stood up to a lot of abuse the first year out .
 I recently purchased the Tracker IV with headset . They arrived in separate packages in less than one week , great protective packaging and in excellent condition . The Tracker IV is much easier to handle than a previous model because of the weight and it does a great job of rejecting junk iron or steel . The control knobs are conveniently placed and with time , a searcher can carefully pick and choose when to dig or pass over the buried item . My one suggestion for the manufacturer is to upgrade the size of the toggle switch . The headset is rather bulky and it is best to wear without a hat , however , it is very light and I 'm certain it will block out the noise of a loud surf .
 I bought this detector for a different reason than most . I took up archery a couple of years ago , shooting in the pasture when no horses are in the way . I found that the arrows can bury themselves completely under the grass and dirt if you miss the target . You can be looking right at one and not see it . They cost six bucks a piece , so losing them was making the hobby kind of expensive . Since my arrows are aluminum , a metal detector seemed like a good idea . Like other shoppers , I had a hard time trying to pick the right unit . The Tracker 4 was available at a good price and had good reviews . Let me tell you , this thing works great ! It has paid for itself several times over in found arrows . I like the tone feature that helps discriminate what kind of metal is being found . Battery life is very good . I am about the change the batteries for the first time since I bought it -- and it 's been used a lot ! I have n't had the opportunity to do any hunting at local parks and beaches , but have practiced around the farm . It can zero in on some really tiny pieces of metal . I 'm sure the more expensive units can help determine trash from treasure , but I 'm happy with the money I spent .
 For a beginner , this is the detector I would recommend . It 's easy to use , lightweight , and economical -LRB- just in case it ends up in the closet ! -RRB- so any family member can use it . I bought an audio adapter from Radio Shack for a couple of bucks so I could use my mp3 ear buds . I 've actually found some change at the parks and play grounds with it and it was easy !
 This is my first metal detector -LRB- though I 've used other people 's before -RRB- , so , to figure out what to buy , I read many product reviews on amazon and on metal detector websites . I main hope to find old coins . I came to the conclusion that I should buy this detector along with theGarrett Pro-Pointer . Considering this product 's relatively low price , I thought it might have trouble finding anything , but this detector is very good at finding coins as well as trash . -LRB- Note that I use this detector in conjunction with the aforementioned Garrett Pro-Pointer , which speeds up the recovery speed perhaps 10x and is amazing to see/hear in action . You really need both , or the recovery process will be excruciatingly slow . -RRB- After a few days ' practice , I am starting to be able to discern the size and depth of an object even before digging , which helps me decide whether to even bother digging . -LRB- I realize I may be passing up some treasure , but digging up lots of trash is so discouraging ! -RRB- . So , now I am pulling up mostly coins and trash that 's the same size as a coin . I still have n't found anything the least bit rare , and I figure my hourly `` wages '' have averaged about 40 cents -LRB- from the coins I find -RRB- , but it 's fun , and I 'm still hopeful I 'll find something worth talking about some day.In practice , I generally leave the sensitivity setting all the way up , the mode set to TONE -LRB- which beeps nicely to indicate treasure and beeps harshly to indicate trash -RRB- , and the discrimination level set to about half way . However , if I am in an area that has hardly any metal and am struggling to find anything , I set the mode to ALL , and turn the discriminator down all the way -LRB- because that maximizes the machine 's overall sensitivity -RRB- . Once I get a beep , I switch to TONE and 50 % discrimination to get an idea of what 's buried . Later , I try to remember to switch the settings back to maximize sensitivity . There are lots of ways to successfully use the controls . The worst thing to do is to not bother learning how they work because they are essential to your success.The length of the stem of the detector is adjustable -LRB- just like on exercise equipment -RRB- , so I shorten it to the shortest setting to fit it in my car 's tiny trunk , and I lengthen it to the longest setting when I 'm using the detector.To preserve battery life , I turn the detector off when It 's located something . Then , I use the Garrett Pro-Pointer to narrow it down even closer , digging as needed . I turn the Pro-Pointer off ASAP to preserve its battery too . On the other hand , If I 'm in an area that 's chock full of coins , I do n't bother turning either device off because doing so would slow me down too much and not save much battery life . Speaking of batteries
 I have new respect for my Bounty Hunter 4 -LRB- BH4 -RRB- . I took my BH4 to the prospecting shop yesterday hoping to find a reason to buy an new detector . I compared the BH4 to the Fisher Gold Bug 2 and Tesoro Lobo SuperTraq . During air-testing I found that all three detectors will sound-off at about the same depth -LRB- 8 '' -RRB- with a 1gm . nugget . The BH4 will not detect a $ 10 -LRB- less than pin-head-sized -RRB- nugget even if it 's rubbing against the -LRB- standard 8 '' -RRB- search coil , while both the Fisher and Tesoro will detect the tiny nugget at 2 inches . The Fisher and Tesoro both had much smaller search coils , so for fairness , I will next install the 4 '' gold coil on my BH4 and re-test using the tiny nugget . I 'll try to remember to update my review at that time.The BH4 is a good deal . It 's a durable detector that is lightweight , easy to learn , has a waterproof coil , uses only 2 batteries and has optional coils available to customize the machine to your intended use . It 's not a gold-flake finding machine with the standard 8 '' coil , but if your desired targets are larger objects , the BH4 will perform well for you and do it economically .
 During a vigorous game of pool volleyball , I somehow lost my tungsten wedding ring . Later that day , once discovered missing , myself and 8 other adults scoured the backyard through bushes , grass , monkey/astec grass and other shrubbery for 2 hours to no avail.I decided that rather than paying $ 350 to replace my wedding band , I should look into a metal detector . I checked to be sure that metal detectors can find tungsten and once I found out they could , I began researching which to get . I had a detector as a kid and this one functions similar to that one . It 's a motion-based detector so you have to keep the sensor in motion to find something.I began sweeping the sections of the yard diligently . After 20 minutes I found it in the St Augustine grass that everyone said had been checked.It 's worth the money and I think I 'll take it to the park and check out what 's there.The device is very light . There are instructions and a jack for a 1/4 '' headphone connection , which are the larger style if you are n't familiar with it . I 'm not sure why they are still manufacturing them with the larger port , but you can find an adapter cheaply enough at a local electronics store . The two knobs move nicely and smoothly . Overall a good purchase . I 'm glad I got it .
 Today I worked and played in the yard all day with the kids . We were everywhere -- side yards , front yard , back yard . We did everything -- pruning , weeding , raking , dragging , stacking , running , sliding.The trouble is , after all this I realized my gold wedding ring was gone . It was on my finger when we exited the house , but it was on my finger no longer . I had no idea where it was
 My wife lost a gold anniversary necklace and I bought this as a long shot , hoping that I could find it around our property . No happy ending I 'm afraid but I found six fairly recent coins on my first day out . As I searched , I found a lot of Aluminum , two axe heads , shell casings and more coins . The trick is adjusting the settings for the type of metal you want to find . Since I was looking for gold , I kept the sensitivity at about 90 % , the discrimination at 50 % , and the toggle switch on ` tone ' - after experimenting with other settings . Use headphones . If you experiment with it as the manual says , you can find things six inches or more down . I 'm looking forward to the change of seasons so that I can get back to using it again . It is really fascinating to have the detector go off , then to dig and actually find something .
 This is a great , comfortable , and easy-to-use metal detector , and if you 're like me and have never touched a metal detector before , you will like the Bounty Hunter TRACKER IV . Assembling it was easy and took little time , but I did n't know that it needed batteries . Be sure to have TWO 9-VOLT ALKALINE batteries on hand when you get your metal detector!The manual that comes with the detector is very concise and helpful - it shows you how to distinguish between trash and valuables and even between different types of metals based on the tones of the beeps . It also shows you how to do a tutorial with your detector to get you used to the settings , as well as tips if you 're searching for coins , jewelry , or relics -LRB- artifacts -RRB- . I was able to start searching in my backyard almost right away after I set my detector up . Have n't found anything valuable yet , but I 'm having a lot of fun !
 Well , as the title states , I had lost my wedding band at a job site . I was not too confident I would find it , since the job site was in rough , New Hampshire terrain . Sand , Granite boulders , goats , chickens , electrical wire , and anything else you can imagine was around the 2 acres . And to top it off , It is end of Autumn here so the leaves are 2 feet deep in some places . I was very sad about losing my ring.I ordered the Bounty Hunter Tracker IV and had it shipped one day via fedex . It arrived on time and I assembled it easily . Installed 2-9V batteries and I was all set to test it out . I used a gold necklace I have to zero in on what gold would sound like if detected . It gives a low tone . I set the tracker to `` tone '' and the sensitivity to 75 % , the discriminate knob to 75 % , and started searching.I located the ring within an hour of using it . Using the tone setting allows the unit to disregard trash metals . I was impressed how the unit worked well over live electrical conductors in a trench . No interference whatsoever . I thought surely it would cause the unit to give false beeps , or none at all . The unit performed flawlessly.Now I have this great meal detector to look for treasure in my yard . My yard had a lot of `` beeps '' so I imagine in time it will look like a gopher farm around my place : -RRB- Very handy piece of equipment !!
 The Tracker IV did the job I purchased it for . I was trying to find metal survey stakes and I found them quicker than someone who had rented a metal detector .
 I had hidden quarters wrapped in aluminum foil under a small amount of dirt . Could n't find most of them with the cheaper youth metal detector I had bought . This seems to work much better . I have n't really used it much because I 'm waiting to hid more quarters for the grandkids at Christmas time .
 Great bang for the buck , detector for me . Never using one before , I read alot of reviews and this one was in my price range . So far no treasures , but My idea was not to comb the whole yard in so many hours I am learning at my leasure and following the instructions . I am not disappointed .
 Product shipped super fast , easy to put together and up and running with minimal effort . Works exceptionally well for the price . I was a little surprised at the depth it found several objects on our test run , a piece of aluminum can about 8 inches down in some pretty hard packed ground . With a little practice the tone knob can be used to help differentiate between different types of metals , not super effective but works well enough . All in all , great intro detector !
 I bought this for my husband on his birthday . He needed a new hobby and I thought this was perfect . It gets him outdoors and it really is fun ! The equipment is so easy to use and really light , so you do n't get tired too easy . He loves it !
 This is a fun detector for an amateur . I found a pretty cool old spoon in the yard . I would like to take it someplace more interesting , like an old forest , but have not made the time ... it would be fun to find something truly valuable or ancient . With detailed reading of the manual , I am sure it would be easy to understand all it is capable of ... I simply turned it on and used it ... and found a spoon .
 I received my Tracker IV three days ago and it seems to be just fine . Assembly took only 5 minutes and the owners manual is very easy to understand . I simply went into my back yard and dug up 11 cents in no time ! I also found some scraps of metal and a few nails laying around . I live in an area which is rich in Civil War history and I am looking forward to doing some more prospecting . For the price , the Tracker IV is well worth it ! Also , you can use any type of headphones on the device as long as you have the converter peice which changes the size of the plug . I 'm sure you can get one at Radioshack or somewhere ...
 I recently purchased this for my husband on his 55th birthday - we then used it on vacation at the beach for two weeks and he 's now unofficially switched from ocean fishing to `` land fishing '' . This detector was easy to start using immediately and our family had hours of fun finding quarters , pennies , dimes , and nickels buried in the sand . A nice piece of equipment for the price and user friendly enough to start using right away .
 grandson , he loves it ! took it outside right after he opened it . . we buried one of his other gifts and didnt tell him ! he found it ok ! -LRB- and some nails from a construction summer project ! -RRB-
 This works good my son has had a lot of fun thinking hes finding gold it cracks me up every time I see him digging after it beeps
 I 've never used a metal detector before , I do n't really use it for a sport or general searching . I wanted this for a specific reason - > to locate the old boundary stakes at our new house . We have a very oddly shaped 3 acres with at least 10 different stake points/angle changes , and a steep drop off and ravine in the backyard . Most of the stakes were buried under a few inches of dirt , a lot of leaves and loose wood debris . I found at least half of them somewhat easily with this . It did take some time , I did my homework before hand and guessed the distance between stakes points and direction I needed to walk to begin the next search . However , the odd angles and steep hill through woods that have matured over the past 40 years made it kind of difficult -LRB- at least time consuming -RRB- at times . But once you get over top of a marker this found them , no problem.Maybe someday I 'll play with this in a general hunt , I 'm sure it works great for that purpose . And for my purpose it definitely succeeded . It would 've cost me over 1k $ to get a survey team to map and plant new stakes . This gives me a good idea of most of my boundaries enough to where I can put up the fences , trees , and paths that I wanted to .
 Wow , for the price you pay for this , it 's most certainly worth it ! Packaged nice and securely , it 's easy to assemble snapping the handle together . It is sturdy , very well made and so much fun when you hear the buzzer go off ! It 's compact , easy to store or carry along ; lightweight -LRB- so it 's easy for children to use -RRB- but packs a powerful punch when it comes to finding things like old bottles , jewelry , coins and some things that may not be valuable , but you have so much fun those things become valuable anyway . I would definitely recommend this metal detector for both beginners and advanced Treasure Hunters . You 're getting your moneys worth and more ! Happy hunting !
 i got this metal detector for my son for christmas . it is for a beginner . he said it works great , but he 's ready to move on to a more advanced one . you get what you pay for . i would recomend this one for a beginner ...
 This was a great item . Some people might thinks otherwise . In the end it is up to you to decide .
 In purchasing this item , I received great updates , fast shipping , and though still learning how to distinguish sounds with found items , was very pleased to see I did detect metal objects and coins up to 5 inch depth so far . Look forward to greater finds once the ground thaws in this area and would recommend this detector to beginners , and highly recommend Amazon for excellent service .
 I 've not found any dubloons yet but I 've picked up a lot of aluminum foil ! It 's fun , not terribly sensitive past about 3 inches but it gets you out in the open air and stirs the imagination . I 'm a small woman and even as light as it is I find myself switching arms regularly . When you take it out take the instructions for setting it with you as it matters a great deal . Also , be sure you read all the small print on beach notices since most national park areas do not permit detectors . Follow all the moral guidance instructions because you do not want to do anything but leave footprints behind !
 my daughter has enjoyed her first metal detector , easy to use , light weight and has been a positive in increasing my daughter 's interest in metal detecting .
 A Christmas present for my Dad to use out here in Las Vegas , and he is now addicted to using it 2-3x a week , with no issues . The beep is loud enough for all of us to hear it while we 're outdoors , it went together great , and the packaging did n't damage the product in any way . I would recommend rechargeable 9v batteries if you 're serious about using it , to keep the costs down.Only complaint is that the headphone jack seems bigger than any headphones we have in the house , so an adapted may be needed but does n't hurt the high qualify of this item .
 Always wanted one and my son began going with a friend to an old farm to metal detect so I decided to get one so they could both detect at the same time . Adjustable shaft gets quite short for kids or trunk and extends pretty long for taller adults.It is very simple to use and works as well as his friends unit which is a very expensive model according to the friends folks . About 1/2 the weight of some models.Very reasonable price . Next up , the nugget coil accessory so he can find some nuggets down by the creek . The included coil is waterproof but the nugget coil is smaller to get in between rocks and such and narrow down you find area .
 I purchased this for my dad . He had an old one for over twenty years and it finally broke . He 's 6 ' 7 '' and he has a chronic tennis elbow . He found the arm peice comfortable and it doesn ' bother his elbow . It 's balanced well and he 's been using it frequently with no complaints .
 Our son-in-law lost his wedding band in our front yard . After 2 days of searching , we ordered this item and found it right away ! I would have given it 5 stars , but my husband really wanted it to be more compact -- -LRB- maybe foldable ? -RRB- and it 's pretty big .
 I researched many metal detectors before purchasing the Bounty Hunter Tracker IV . The positive reviews it received were right on . It was easy to use right out of the box and my kids -LRB- 10 & 12 -RRB- found lots of metal objects their first day out . I highly recommend this product .
 Just wanted a dependable detector to start dabbling here and there , go to parks and see what could be found . This one does the job quite well . It is easy to use and seems quite accurate . Have n't quite mastered the whole discriminator thing yet , but getting there.No complaints about this detector . It 's easy to use , light , and fun . So far found a couple coins , earring , and a whole bunch of bottle caps but I guess that 's to be expected.Nice piece , recommend it highly .
 we are very happy with our new bounty hunter metal detector . No problems with it at all . Sure is a lot of fun .
 I 've wanted one of these things all my life . I do n't even remember how I landed on this one-but it 's a heck of a good little machine for less than a hundred bucks -LRB- I got it on sale on Amazon-and the best price anywhere that I found -RRB- . I 've found a hoe and a pretty cool pocket knife from the sixties . I found a well tarnished 1999 quarter . And , I 've found lots of nails , wires , pop tops and beer cans . I agree with the reviews that say forget the discriminator-leave the thing wide open and dig everything . It 's finding stuff at least six inches down sometimes-and from what I hear that 's closer to the more expensive models . I ca n't wait to go to a known historical area and really work it out . There 's a definite bang for the buck , and just a heck of a lot of fun in this sweet deal of a machine . For the money , there 's just no downside to it .
 I was a little apprehensive when I bought the Bounty Hunter Tracker IV metal detector for my husband for Christmas as this would be our first experience using a metal detector . I read tons of reviews and finally decided on purchasing the Tracker IV . All doubts about how well it would perform or if it would get much use have been completely erased ! My husband had the metal detector set up and ready to go in about 20 minutes . It is very quick and easy to learn how to use . We have four acres and have been amazed at the things the metal detector has found . We have dug up parts of a 1920 's toy cap gun , an old iron , belt buckles , silverware , and so much more ! The metal detector is even light enough for our five year old daughter to carry around and join in on the fun . The detector has always been spot on pin-pointing the exact spot to begin digging at . We are still hoping for gold -LRB- Ha Ha -RRB- but the fun and excitement of finding old relics have been so worth it . Even the neighbor 's boys come running over now to join us when we are out . I highly recommend the Bounty Hunter Tracker IV !
 I purchased this metal detector for my parents . They have wanted one for quite some time . It was great for digging up coins in the back yard , alongside the driveway , and in the front yard . It seems to pick up anything 6 '' to 10 '' underground without a problem , which is more than what I expected it to do . So far they have had a blast with it . I believe this product is worth every dime as long as you realize that you 're probably not going to find treasure buried 8ft deep .
 Purchased this metal detector mainly for finding property pins . Very easy setup and appears to pickup rebar even when buried a few inches . Would but again for the price and quality .
 So far we have enjoyed our Bounty Hunter . We have n't found anything huge in value yet because its pretty wet and cold right now , but my boys did find a metal frame to a mini-bike . Anyway , we are looking forward to when it warms up and being able to find more goodies . No real disappointments on this . It is my first metal detector , but so far pretty easy to use and does what it says .
 Easy to put together out of the box . Read the instructions and within ten minutes I went to our backyard to find my wedding ring I had lost while raking leaves . Found it within 10 minutes ! Awesome !
 we have received this and have put it together but are waiting for the snow to melt to test it out ... ca n't wait to go to the beach and give it a go !
 Bought this as a gift for my boyfriend . We have both enjoyed using it around our property . Looking forward to taking it out and about when the weather improves . Good sensitivity . Light and easy to operate .
 This metal detector works better than expected . Easy to use . On my first day I found $ 5 in coins around my neighborhood and a silver ring . I do recommend this product .
 Have had this MD for about a month now and I 'm impressed with the accuracy of it . It 's light weight and easy to use . Have found coins as deep as 10 inches . Would recommend this to anyone . Excellent for the price . Only problem is the analog meter really does n't give any help on searching .
 Does whats its suppose to . Found alot of stuff so far very sensitive . Glad I went with this basic model . Pinpoints within a 3in radius . Found a penny at 5in .
 This was a gift for my 9 year old son . I was looking for something that was easy but not just a `` toy '' . He loves it ! We take it to parks , the beach , all over . It works well in the sand and grass . His only complaint is that it is a little heavy , so we just take turns.Bounty Hunter TK4 Tracker IV Metal Detector
 I am new to metal detecting -LRB- somewhat ... my brother had a cheap radio-shack metal detector when we were kids 25 years ago -RRB- , so take my opinions as that of a `` newbie '' . WOW ! I AM IMPRESSED ! This thing is fun , user friendly , lightweight , and funds what you 're looking for ! The instructions are simple , and the controls are simple -LRB- too simple for a pro , just right for a newbie ! -RRB- and easily understandable ! . Requires two 9V Batteries -LRB- not included -RRB- , which , when coupled with headphones -LRB- ~ $ 30 on Amazon -RRB- , last a loooong time ... I did n't keep track , but my first set lasted approx 12 hours continuous . I am now trying turning the detector off while I dig . It is `` on '' even when sitting there , and sucking power creating an alternating magnetic field , so it might be wise to turn it off when you do n't need it.Extremely lightweight ! Wo n't hurt your muscles!has a toggle switch for `` Discriminate '' , `` all metal '' , and `` Tone discriminate '' . Has a discriminate adjustment dial . You can weed out trash to different levels , based on how trashy the place you 're looking , and how much trash you want to dig up versus how much treasure you want to accidentally skip.I suggest you watch some youtube videos of where to look.I HIGHLY recommend you get the Garrett Pro pinpointer -LRB- yes , it is $ 130 , but it speeds up your findings about 10X -RRB- . Again , watch youtube , see how it 's used.Enjoy , and happy hunting !
 I figured that any metal detector would find the '32 Chevy buried in my backyard , but I wanted to find coins , rings , and Civil War relics in my 5 acre woods . It took 5 minutes to assemble the Tracker IV and about 15 minutes to review the instruction manual . Round up a few coins , a gold ring , and some nails and run through the demonstration on page 5 of the manual . It will give you an idea of how different objects respond to the 3 detection modes.I borrowed my wife 's headphones -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- and headed for the woods . Within minutes I found beer cans , shotgun shells , nails . The detector will pinpoint an object close enough that you can dig it up with a few scoops of a garden trowel . On my second attempt I found a man 's silver ring.Tracker IV appears to be well constructed and a good value . I do n't have any experience with other detectors , but I ca n't imagine that any are easier to use than this one . Tracker IV is a great choice for your kids to use , if they can get it away from you !
 The Bounty Hunter was exactly what I was looking for . My 11 year old son and I wanted to expore metal detecting together . I did n't want to invest a large amount of money in something that was too high tech or that he would lose interest in . I did n't want to spend too little and get a cheap product . This item was priced right and so far has proven to be a quality item . It was easy to assemble -LRB- maybe 5 minutes -RRB- , takes 2 standard 9 volt batteries and is lightweight enough for my 11 year old to handle with ease . The shaft adjusts in height so when I finally get my turn , I can adjust it to fit me.We are having a ball so far with it . We have n't found any high dollar finds yet , but the neighborhood kids have gone with us the last few days and made it a fun treasure hunt . In our search of a couple vacant lots , we have found 17 cents , lots of nails , an old bottle cap , a saw blade and other misc items . We plan on taking this into the mountains soon , as it is waterproof so you can look for gold in the rivers . We ca n't wait !
 When I started researching metal detectors before buying one for my husband , I was overwhelmed with all the reviews , ads , etc. , I found on the internet . I printed out all the information that seemed to have a `` voice of authority '' behind it ; it was n't long before one brand/model seemed to take first place as the best choice for units under $ 300 . Reviews from novices to experts concurred that the Bounty Hunter Tracker IV was a great buy as well as a great metal detector for novice to intermediate users . My husband is not someone who reads the instructions before using anything , but I showed him some of the printouts that warned against trying to use any metal detector without getting familiar with the instruction booklet first -LRB- because if you do n't know what you 're doing , you 'll be frustrated and decide the detector does n't work right -RRB- . For once , he did spend time reading the instructions and then practicing with the detector as the directions advised . It was n't long before he was out in the yard and up a mountain actually using his Bounty Hunter IV with success . I also bought him the Bounty Hunter earphones because I read that using earphones prolongs the battery life of the battery in the detector . Earphones also raise the user 's chance of success by blocking noises that might cause some of the more subtle indicator sounds to be missed . We live in a windy , windy canyon , so the earphones were a must for blocking wind noise . So far my husband loves his Bounty Hunter Tracker IV , and the learning curve , according to him , was pretty short .
 As a low cost metal detector I give this thing five stars . I bought this Detector several months back and enjoy it 's relative ease of use , and it DOES find what you are searching for -LRB- coins , rings , earings , necklaces , etc -RRB- . The other reviews here pretty much wrap it up as a good -LRB- affordable ! -RRB- unit , but I wanted to make a few comments from an amateur 's point of view : - This detector has , of course , the discrimination circuitry used to tell the difference between the various metals helping you to avoid digging up junk like soda can pull tabs which are everywhere . It does work pretty good , BUT - I have found that by using the Tracker IV discriminator , you will most likely be missing some good stuff . I have gone back over `` Discriminated '' areas again in `` All Metal '' mode and found some nice stuff that Discriminate did n't catch . Granted I am no pro , but the fact is if you want to get every coin , every ring , or every cool item of various metals , you may want to consider just using `` All Metal '' mode . I almost exclusively use it now and although I sift through some absolute junk . I have found a bunch of coins , necklaces , pendants , etc that I would have otherwise missed . Use the Discriminate mode when looking for that gold wedding ring your wife through at you in the back yard ... - Invest in the 4 inch `` Gold Nugget Coil '' which is far superior at pinpointing metal . The stock coil works fine but is a tad ambiguous as to precisely where your coin , ring , -LRB- or pull tab -RRB- is . The smaller coil reduces search time and I am glad I have one . - I bought the recommended Bounty Hunter Headphones -LRB- to save battery power -RRB- , but have found them to be a bit more trouble than help . When I detect something I squat or sit down and dig . I set the detector down so the coil is near the dig zone so I can waive clumps of dirt -LRB- or sand -RRB- in front of the coil as I search . The problem is the headphone 's wire tends to be always in the way when I perform this move . I get tired of `` untangling '' so I do n't use them anymore . Maybe I 'm just getting old . - The meter is of no value for anyone who can hear the audible report . It has no `` range '' to judge metals you are passing over . It simply swings hard to the right no matter what from what I can tell . I have tried different modes and different metals to test it , but it seems to merely swing hard to the right as you pass over any type of metal / alloy . I can see how this would still be useful to a deaf person , but it just as easily could have been a bright light bulb instead of a meter . I wo n't ding this low cost detector for that though because I 'd still dig if it was half scale or pegged . - And lastly a warning . If you go into a park , or any area attended by kids , you will be spotted . Within a short amount of time you will be surrounded by kids `` helping you '' to dig up buried treasure . At that point you have to decide whether to be a meanie and bark at them , or write the rest of the hunt off and let them shred the area every time the detector beeps . I generally tell them how it 's been a long day and `` see ya '' since they will invariably have their hands in there digging away no matter what you say ...
 38 years ago my wife lost her wedding ring on the lawn of our summer house . Yesterday , we found the ring after a search of two hours . Much of this time was wasted in low probability areas.The keys to success in searching for a gold item seem to be : Set the sensivity to high and the discrimination knob to about 75 % ; then `` calibrate '' your ears by scanning a known gold target and some other metal trash . With these settings we were able to ignore dozens of other metal objects . You want to hear a `` low '' alert tone.Use the optional gold nugget detector for more accurate location of the target , although the standard coil did find the ring , about two inches deep in the sod.Among the many objects detected , only 4 gave the characteristic low tone
 This was my second metal detector I had purchased in the past 20 years , my first one also being a Bounty Hunter . I was pleased to see that all aspects of the detector were a vast improvement over my 1980 's model . The current model is lightweight and easy to use and does not require constant `` re-tuning '' . Although it lacks a `` no-motion '' detection mode -LRB- only found in detectors costing hundreds of dollars more -RRB- the light weight and well thought out design make sweeping the target area easy . It has an easy to understand instruction booklet and is a cinch to assemble . Quality is first rate overall and I would recommend this detector to any beginner or even to a seasoned pro as a decent back-up detector .
 This Metal Detector is a good intro to metal detecting . It finds coins great and has even paid itself over and over again for me . I 've found 3,000 dollars in coins with this thing ! It works great and is solidly built , I 've dropped it a few times and it just kept on going . Now for the `` but '' part ... . because it is a `` mulit-purpose '' Detector it 's not so good at finding small peices of gold , like small nuggets . It can find the big stuff -LRB- at least thats what I 've heard -RRB- but I have yet to find any nuggets with this thing . BUT ! Do n't let that discourage you from making a good purchase , afterall , if you find the big one , who cares ? But it really is good for coins . For large caches it has a depth of 3 feet ! I kid you not ! So if for you or as a gift for the kids , pick this up . Who knows , you may find a kings ransom !
 I purchased this metal detector about six months ago and I have been having an absolute blast with it ! It was my first metal detector and I knew almost nothing about them . I have to admit that I was a little nervous about blindly buying a metal detector , especially since I knew virtually nothing about them . However , after doing a lot of reading on Amazon -LRB- and other sites -RRB- , I finally came to the conclusion that this is the model for me!Here 's why this is a five star product :1 -RRB- Light weight . It is extremely light weight , which means that you can have hours of searching fun , without having a terrible arm ache afterwards .2 -RRB- Extremely easy to use . This model has the power of the more expensive models , but the ease of use that makes it perfect for novices . It has several modes that make it easy to filter out garbage -LRB- such as nails , pulltabs , wire , etc. -RRB- from being detected . This comes in extremely handy when checking out commonly-used , public places , such as parks , beaches , etc. 3 -RRB- Comes with a quick training manual that is extremely easy to understand . It also comes with tutorials for you to try , so that you get hands-on experience with the device , before you head out to do some real searching.The main disadvantage of this model :1 -RRB- The meter in the middle of the detector simply shows when you have found some metal . It really does n't provide any valuable information about your find . The only purpose that I can see it having would be for a deaf person , who could n't hear the beep produced . Besides this , the meter is virtually worthless . However , besides this , it is a great detector - a bargain considering that most detectors of equilivant abilities cost several times as much.My advice
 I remember as a kid wanting a metal detector . And I have a vague recollection of actually using one when I was about 10 years old . It belonged to a friend of mine . I do n't remember much about it other than how it made me feel . It was like someone gave me a treasure map and said , `` Go find the treasure . '' I was excited at the idea that maybe I was going to find something worth thousands of dollars . No , hundreds of thousands of dollars . It was my destiny ! Hehe . Well , that 's what I felt when I was a kid holding that thing for the first time.Anyway , forward a good number of years , and now I have a couple nephews around that age . I think long and hard about what to get them for Christmas . I always get them interesting , unusual gifts each year . I try to imagine what I would have wanted when I was their age . And I insist on it having some aspect that makes them think or learn about stuff.And so for Christmas 2010 -LRB- a little over a year ago -RRB- , I was making a list of all kinds of stuff I might want to give them for Christmas . Then it came back to me how I would have loved a metal detector growing up . And so , that 's what I got them . My youngest nephew was 9 years old and the other was 12 , by the way , when I gave them this.I 'm real picky about what I get , though . It took me a while of shopping and looking at specs and reviews before I decided that this was the best metal detector for the price . Most people said they thought it was of better build quality than most others for this price . It 's ergonomic also , which was important to me since I did n't want my nephews to feel like it was too heavy or putting too much strain on their wrists . It can be used by kids or adults.No , it does n't have the fancy displays and bells and whistles that some of the more expensive models have , but that stuff is n't even something most people care about . What people care about is if it can find stuff . And according to my nephews ' results and all the other reviewers out there , it is definitely up to that task . You do n't need a fancy LCD or LED display . Those things add very little to the overall experience , and I personally think having an old fashioned analog display like this is actually cooler . It certainly makes it easier to understand , especially if you 're a kid . And you do n't have to worry about not being able to see the display in bright sunlight like you do with LCD displays.This product even has swappable parts , so you can swap out the head with another one that detects more gold or another one which detects a smaller area or a larger depth . The head that comes with the unit is pretty good for finding metals in general , though , so I doubt we 'll ever get those other parts . But it 's that sort of thing that caught my eye about this product . It says that the manufacturer has put a lot of thought into its design and does n't just want to sell you a new unit each time.Actually , this metal detector went to only one of my two nephews , the older -LRB- 12 years old at the time -RRB- one . I thought about getting them both one each , but I expected they would share it . And I was right . My brother tells me they both love it . The older nephew moves it around while the younger one digs for the treasure . They 're a two man team , and it goes a lot faster that way since one can continue looking while the other is digging away . It was maybe just a little too big for the younger nephew -LRB- 9 years old at the time -RRB- , but he could still use it just fine.Anyway , my brother tells me they bring it with them on family trips and vacations . Especially to the beach . Apparently they 've already found some things of real value . They found a watch valued at over $ 250 on the beach one day . They found an expensive knife once . They find coins . And of course bottle caps . This just adds a whole other dimension to any family outing . My brother tells me that they look forward to being able to use the metal detector whenever they go on trips now . They take it everywhere.Here 's something you 'll want to do . I told my brother before giving them this Christmas gift from me that he had to throw some coins around the yard ahead of time . Then when they open up the present , I told him to tell them that there are coins hidden in the yard for them to find and go to it ! They enjoyed that a lot , and it got them hooked on day one . I think my brother said they found most of the coins he put out there , too . And they found some stuff he did n't even know about . Cool!As for the educational value of this , it 's phenomenal . The kids learn about electro-magnetic fields and metals . They also dig up pieces of history and try to research what it is they 've found . And poking around nature , they get to see the natural world , which is something a lot of kids do n't do these days.Actually , for older teenage kids and adults , there 's yet another educational level to this , which I did n't even know about until I saw something on TV about it . Apparently there are `` historical '' treasure hunters out there . They learn about historical places that used to exist but are now just uninhabited wilderness or maybe public parks and such . They 're not historically famous places like Valley Forge or something . Those places do n't let you do any metal detecting , I do n't think . But at these non-famous places , you can use your metal detector and dig all you want . Since they 're obscure places , they may not have already been gone over by others with metal detectors yet . And that means you can sometimes find really interesting things.So to any parents , grandparents , aunts , or uncles out there , this is a great gift to get the young ones . It has stood the test of time . My nephews are still excited about it and take it everywhere . They now have iPhones , iPads , PS3 's , and laptop PC 's . You can give them yet another video game to add to their collection , and it will be cool for all of a couple weeks or so . The metal detector is n't something they 'll outgrow or get bored of that easily . It 's something they 'll keep coming back to when they get bored of all the other stuff they have . It also gets them out of the house and into the real world for a change . For the price , it 's well worth it for the entertainment and educational value . I highly recommend it.Hope that helps .
 We have enjoyed playing with this metal detector . It is easy to use , lightweight , comes apart for storage . We have n't found any treasure yet , but we have learned that there are a lot of old rusty nails out there .
 I bought this for my kids on a trip to the Black Hills . When it goes off it is fairly easy to pinpoint the item . It was the source of a lot of fun for them !
 It detects all metal EVEN gold . I placed a nickel , a dime , a quarter , a penny , pieace of foil and a nail all spread out on the floor . It detected all but the aluminum foil which is what its suspose to do . You can set it to detect ALL metals but I prefer the discrimination mode . I sat my wifes gold ring on the grass and it also detected it ! GREAT PRODUCT AND A + + + + + The first time I took it in my back yard I found a quarter and a dime !
 I wanted this detector to recover knives , trimming shears etc. that were accidently tossed over the mountainside with weeds . Happy with the recovery results . Found a good florists knife that I had lost seven years ago and buried about 4 '' under dirt.Since I 've had fun searching beaches and small streams -LRB- still looking for gold nuggets without success -RRB- . It 's light weight and easy to handle and has a loud enough beep when metal is located . It 's a great item for the novice for the price !!!
 This proved to be an excellant purchase based upon my review of prior `` reviews '' . I am a first time user of a metal detector , and it was easy to set up and worked as directed .
 Baught this detector a while ago . Still works ok . Very light . Quality is so so . As long as you do n't throw it around it should remain working . Did notice ground penitration is not what they say it is . But managed to find a very old cigerette case on a trail that has n't been used in a long time.Brad wPerfected soundsSanta cruz calibwalls831@gmail.com
 The product arrived promptly , it was well wrapped , and it was the product I expected.The product was easy to put together even without looking at the instructions . As far as using the product there was basically no learning curve . I have had no previous experience using a metal detector ; however with this product , all I had to do was to put it together and start using it . I have had no problems with this product and would recommend it.Good vendor , good product , good experience.Doug
 easy to understand and use . excellent for the beginner to intermediate user . it would make a value buyer very happy .
 durable , fast , no mystery signals , reliable 6 inch depth here , outperforms ace 250 hands down . good price . we bought a second 1 after , after buying an ace 250 .
 Purchased this detector to find cast iron valve boxes . Easy to use and worked well . A co-worker borrowed the detector and went home and found his missing wedding ring in the backyard .
 This is my first metal detector . I am a rookie that only knows what I have read in reviews and articals , so I actually read the directions and set up the unit as they said . Directions were real easy to follow . I decided my test would be to find the coin that I had mounted in my new driveway that went missing a couple years ago . I went to the area close to where it was mounted and found it within , literally , 30 seconds . It works great so far . Looking forward to my first hunt this weekend .
 Great detector . I used it to locate buried gas pipe lines and electrical wires/conduit . Great price and works fantastic .
 The Bounty Hunter TD4-PL fit my price range and was easy to assemble and use . My husband thought a metal detector would be fun to have and so this item was the perfect gift for Christmas . He ca n't wait to try it outside in the spring .
 Is a nice beginner metal detector . Too cold outside right now to give it a real test in the back yard , but works pretty well inside . Good craftsmanship for the money .
 I , m new at this , metal detecting , I have fun . I just like finding something , you get all excited , what could it be , money , jewelry , or what.treasure hunting its kool . the bounty hunter was easy to use simple to put together .
 My first detector and it has n't seems to work great . Found all kind of different metals . No Loot yet .
 Heavy stainless steel , cone-shaped screen , imbedded in good quality rubbber . Looks like they 'll last forever .
 I picked one of these up several months back and have been very satisfied with its performance ... . The coil is waterproof and can be used in shallow water , wet soil or sand which makes this a great beach detector . It 's okay and recommended to drag the coil along the ground back and forth SLOWLY for maximum depth . It runs on only 2 9-volt batteries which by using headphones you can really extend the life of . While it does n't have any visual target windows like more expensive detectors , the two-tone audio speaker is the key to determining what kind of metal you 've found . You can literally turn this thing on and go ! There 's only 2 dials of operation to worry about `` all metal '' -LRB- a 10 o'clock setting is good -RRB- and it can be used in concert with the `` discrimination '' dial -LRB- 11 o'clock is good here -RRB- to eliminate iron and other junk metals . It 's simple enough for a child to use and understand ... . To save the prospective buyer some trouble , read the manual carefully and practice around your house and yard before taking this into the field -- trust me . This is an ideal first detector for someone who is n't sure they 'll like this hobby and do n't want to spend lots of money to find out . Bounty Hunter also offers a 5-year limited warranty which shows you that they really stand behind their product . RESEARCH is the key to making good finds though , so do n't expect great results without it ! Read and learn all you can about your local area 's history to improve your odds of success . Metal detecting has something big in common with real estate -- location , location , location is the key !
 My husband and I got this for his 9-year old son , who lives in Florida . He absolutely loves it . He 's found all kinds of things , which , of course , are treasures to him ! He 's had it for three weeks , and is still using it daily . That , for a nine-year old , is true interest , and not a fad . It 's not too heavy , has a good angle on it , and a good radius . I recommend getting the headphones , too .
 The Bounty Hunter is an excellent value for the person who loves to scour about an area that was lush with people ie . -LRB- company picnic , family reunion -RRB- . The Hunter is easy to use and is lightweight . The instructions are clear and concise in describing the difference between a rusty nail and a piece of jewerly . This is my first Bounty Hunter , and I 've already recommended it to my friends .
 I purchased two of these metal detectors for myself and my 8 year old daughter . We have used them approximately 3 times , and I have not been disappointed . Easy to use right out of the box . We could use more practice to determine if what we have found is junk or treasure . I have used at beach , though I have heard that these are not equipped for heavy beach scouting . I have also used at playgrounds . It is lightweight , and somewhat easy to handle . One key
 We ordered this product so we could locate the corner pins on a piece of property we purchased . It did not disappoint . The vegetation had completely covered the areas where the pins were located , so it would have taken forever to locate them without the Fast Tracker . It is easy to use and gives an audible signal .
 I am satisfied with this item . I bought it as a gift for my boyfriend and did not want to spend too much incase metal detecting was just a ` phase ' ! It is easy to use and beeps at the first sign of metal ! We 've mostly dug up ring pulls from cans and a few cents here and there . We 've had no problems with it . He 's used it a number of times and the batteries show no sign of running out yet.Metal detecting is fun and this detector would make a great gift for 8-16 year olds , or anyone just starting out their interset in metal detecting .
 I 'm pretty happy with this detector , it works really well . I just wish I could turn the volume down . The beep is ear-piercing . I started using headphones with it , so now I have the pleasure of ear-piercing beeps even closer to my ear drum . This was purchased to help find a lost item in the backyard , so it would have been nice to have the option of turning it down , for the neighbors sake .
 I am very pleased with the Bounty Hunter Fast Track Metal Detector It is very light and easy to set up and use , It is a great value at $ 84.00 dollars delivered . The VINMan
 I gave this too my mother for Christmas . She loves it . It is very light and easy to use . Just be sure to bring your shovel with you when you use it .
 I bought the bounty hunter for my 9 yr old son and he has used it at the beach , sandbox at school , hiking trails , playgrounds to find bottle caps and pennies mostly . It beeps when it detects metal and works very well . We even dug up a mountain of beer cans at the beach ... about 20 buried in the sand . It is light weight , easy to use and detects very well .
 This metal detector was easy to use right out of the box , but instructions are helpful to narrow searches - Was perfect gift for 10year old boy - Has also proven to be helpful in finding nails and screws that have fallen in the yard during construction projects ! Uses batteries pretty fast - but not fast enough for us to not use it - The whole family enjoys it !
 I bought this for my grandson , who was thrilled to receive it . He immediately started `` searching for treasures '' in the living room carpet!This detector is easy to use and great for a pre-teen .
 We got it for his birthday . He loves it . It works great . Already found some cool stuff around an old home place on our land .
 We bought this item for our 10 year old grandson , who is more into electronics then anything , just to get him out of the house . When he found treasures he was thrilled , even though the treasures were not worth much . My husband used it and he also was thrilled , now we will be purchasing another for him . Loved it ! Thank-You
 I just bought one of these last week and i already found some medal and other things i would highly reccomend this if you like finding things and dont mind getting your hands dirty , buy it or you 're going to be sorry .
 I am satisfied with this item . I bought it as a gift for my husband and did not want to spend too much incase metal detecting . It is easy to use and beeps at the first sign of metal .
 i love it it is the best i use it when ever i go out in a filed or beach i found a 100 dallor coin in my back yard and a ring in the beach i recamed it for you
 This is a very good working metal detector . I 'd recamend it to anyone who is looking in to buy it .
 Fast and good product .
 Bought this as an open box . What a great detector for the money . I had it out of the box and up and running in 5 mins . Very easy setup !! Took it to the back yard and found 3 pennies in the first 10 mins -LRB- one was a wheat penny -RRB- . The LCD correctly displayed them as a pennies . As this was my first time detecting , the unit seems very easy to use . An excellent choice for those wanting a feature filled detector at a bargin price .
 Just got done trying out the Sharp Shooter II from amazon , 1st find was a 1952 D wheat penny -LRB- not bad -RRB- , three hrs later we totaled at 3 Quaters -LRB- 1967-1999 -RRB- , 3 Dimes -LRB- 1953 Silver ! , 1967 & 1989 -RRB- , a 1938 Nickel -LRB- Ike -RRB- , and a 1898 Indian Head penny ! . All from our small back yard -LRB- built in the late 1800 's -RRB- . This thing nailed the ID about 80 % of the time , after doing the `` quick start demo '' settings listed in the manual , 5 minutes-tops & your off . Cool , ca n't wait to root around so more .
 I purchased this as a compliment to my son 's BH EX detector so we could spend time away from his WII and PSP . Not being experienced with detectors and the features available I first spent time online watching tutorials etc. . . -LRB- Recommended ! -RRB- With insight gained from experts the criteria for purchase came down to
 This is my second Bounty Hunter Metal Detector . I 've owned a Quick Draw 2 for a few years -LRB- which I love -RRB- and wanted to try to next higher model . This unit seems to pick up with a better signal , but this detector does n't have a depth gauge like the QD2 . All-in-all worth the money . Within the first wto weeks I found several old coins and a sterling silver cross pendant .
 I have just used this detector a couple of times . When working a park most coins found were exactly what the detector said they were and typically at 6 '' . The kids had a blast with it .
 This Metal detector is real nice . -LRB- my first one -RRB- I played with it on the table for a half hour then went out side hit my gravel driveway rightoutside my door and it registered dime . took my handfull of gravel and dirt and ran my hands under the sink picked out rocks and there was a mercury head dime . ten mintes later found a silver 50 cent piece . Light weight works very well and am enjoying it imensly
 All that I expected . Am looking forward to finding `` The One '' piece of treasure that will put me over the top . Excellent shipping . It arrived on the date stated and I was playing with it with-in 5 minutes .
 This is a great first-timer metal detector . Within minutes of unpacking , my son and I were on the hunt , finding assorted items right in our yard . The controls are easy to work and the unit is well balanced in your hand . The low price really iced the cake for me and I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 Got the item before I hit send payment ... shipping was FAST ... . unit works great , working out bugs ... so far I found 3 soda/beer cans and an old bike rim ! 30 mins of hunting , not bad , the unit works good and is light , missing a locking collar but it still works perfect . nice little machine !
 great product , easy to use , good for entry level . well packed and easy assembly . control panel easy to understand . lots of features for the price .
 I 'm not very experienced at metal detecting but after doing much research , I bought this metal detector for my dad and myself and we 're both having a blast with it . It does everything it states it 'll do in the manual . It 's great , a terrific way to spend quality family time together and perhaps find some treasure at the same time . My dad is 87 years old so he ca n't walk and bend up and down too long before he needs to rest but all in all we still really enjoy using the Bounty Hunter SS2 Sharpshooter 11 together because we both have an interest in treasure hunting and this is really a great metal detector . It can differentiate between fine gold , gold , silver , iron , aluminum , bronze and much more . You can set it for just about anything you want to find and it 's fully submersible too . Anyway , I feel it 's well worth the money , does n't cost a fortune and anyone will enjoy using this detector .
 I ordered one , but would like to know if on the last review if that is salt water or fresh and what kind of luck , and on the other update on further finds , as for the other review just find Google and type in Bounty Hunter and the name of the detector and you 'll find all of that then knock it down to the best buy and or support which ever is important to you , I bought a detector when I was 13 by picking strawberries all summer I am 30 + years past that and I had a blast until I sat on it : < , I want that fun back ! I know im kinda turning this into a Blog but its important for things left unsaid and more helpful for those checking it out for the first time .
 I gave it as a gift to my son and he likes it .
 My Grandfather bought the bounty hunter sharp shooter 2 metal detector for my daughters and my self . They are 5 and 8 and love going to the beach to search for `` treasure '' .
 I did a lot of searching and review reading on the internet before finally deciding what to buy . I am convinced Quick Draw II is THE best value available of any make by any conpany . The features on the QDII are generally found only on much higher priced detectors . This thing really works as advertised . I have already found several coins and other things right in my own yard . It will reliably indicate what coin is being detected although it many times confuses dimes and pennies on the LCD readout . It is very sensitive and detects most coin size items very reliably to about 6 or 8 inches . The auto notch discrimination works well and filters out most trash items . I have used metal detectors that ended up being aggravating and frustrating . This one is a pleasure to use and is quickly becoming a relaxing and profitable pastime for me . If you want a serious metal detector without spending a whole lot of money give it a try ... you wo n't be disappointed ...
 The Bounty hunter QDII is a detector that allows both the proffesional and amateur detectorist to make excellent finds . although it is in Bounty hunters interest to push their higher price models , the QDII is probably the equal of most detectors in a much higher price bracket , and is in my opinion not promoted enough.It is good on the beach , on both wet and dry sand , it is at home inland , in forest , park , or ploughed field . it is advanced in its electronics , and very lightweight . this detector is in a class of its own , and very affordable . Dont allow the low price to put you off , this detector is easily the equal of detectors in the 600 price range , and will pay for itelf in no time at all .
 A small caveat before you read this review . Understand who this detector is marketed towards . Individuals with a lot of metal detecting exposure or experience will mock this inexpensive version of a more sophisticated Whites or Garrett detector . However , if you are a beginner , this is not a bad first investment considering the prices of some of the more advanced detectors on the market . I was an avid detector fan in high school for a summer some twenty years ago and only recently got bit by the same bug that has infected my eight year old son after watching the National Treasure movies . So for Christmas he got his Bounty Hunter Jr. and I got this detector but the Walmart branded version which is the Pioneer 202 . First , this detector is excellent at honing your digging skills , something you will need as you advance along in the sport . The reason ? I dig a lot . A whole lot . With this detector , I find it very difficult to adequately pin-point my target , even using the suggestions that were included in a nice DVD that comes with the product demonstrating its features . However , as I get more accustomed to the detector 's quirks and improve my pinpointing abilities , this skill will server me well after I spend $ 800 - $ 1000 on a detector with more advanced pinpointing technology . Also , because I dig a lot , I 've learned to repair the ground where I torturously labored for some time.That is really my only negative , again , referencing the market for this detector . The detector comes with some nice discriminating features . It has a manual discriminator that allows you to progressively eliminate certain objects . You can test this by moving the discriminator knob slowly , while you pass objects you want to eliminate over the search coil . Typically I have had success by simply starting in the ` All Metal Mode ' , the default each time you turn it on , to get a feel for the area I am search and then hitting the Auto-Notch . The Notch feature allows you to selectively eliminate certain objects while still seeing others . Auto-Notch is preprogrammed to eliminate most junk . It still detects most coins except nickels but still detects smaller pieces of trash like foil . It does eliminate pesky pull tabs , bottle caps , tin and nails.The audio you hear is based on the signature it receives as the search coil passes over the object . The signatures are : Low Tones - Iron , Foil , Nickel and Gold RangeMedium Tone - Pull Tab , new penny , zinc , and GoldHigh Tone - Copper Pennies , Dime , Quarter , Half Dollar , Silver Dollar and Silver RangeAside from the tones , the detector has an LCD display that not only tells you the type of metal your object more than likely is , but also its depth . So far , the depth finder has not been off but you must keep in mind it what is displayed is NOT the depth the coin is buried , but you must include the distance from the search coil to the ground in your depth calculations . This has nothing to do with the detector , but something that has caught me a couple of times as I dug . If the target is displayed at 4 inches and I am holding the search coil 2 inches above the ground , then I should dig 2 inches , not 4 . I would echo another review that this detector probably is not going to work for relic hunting as in my testing I held near the search coil a small rusted antique iron -LRB- the kind people might paint and use for a door stop today -RRB- and the detector gave a different signature over each pass -LRB- high , low and medium -RRB- . I am sure this iron is ` iron ' and not a composite material . The detector just did n't handle it well.All in all , taken for its price and features , it does n't nor is designed to compete against a Whites or Garrett metal detector . It is an excellent coin shooter . Great in parks or back yards . The coil is submersible but I have not tried beach combing yet . If this is your first venture into metal detecting , I would highly recommend this product for the price . If anything , it will get you the experience you need to truly appreciate the features of an $ 800.00 Whites or Garrett detector , and the rudimentary skills you will need to be successful and feel that you have n't sunk a lot of money into a hobby that turns out not to be as enjoyable as you thought .
 This detector is an amazing value for such a low price . Featuring everything a beginner or experience tresure hunter could ever need . Includes feature that tells what kind of metal and also approximatly how deep it 's in the ground , a great help !
 I have used the Whites 5900 Pro for several years . This little Bounty Hunter will surprise even old pros . It is light and easy to use . One of the best things is you can break it down for travel fast and easy . You can program it for your personal type of hunting . I ca n't wait to try the 4 '' coil on it for nugget shooting . The only problem has been target the exact location after you get a buzz in the earphones . May take a little practice . One third the cost of my Whites unit , and while not as complex , it has lots going for it for the money invested . A good buy .
 I lost my gold wedding ring at the beach - IN THE WATER - yesterday at a depth of about 3 feet . The water was really murky and we could n't see more than a few inches below the surface , so a visual search was impossible , and after about 2 hours of feeling around on the ocean floor in the area where the ring we gave up the search . Determined to find it , today I purchased the Quickdraw II -LRB- at a premium price from a local sporting goods store -RRB- and headed back to the water . It was simple to set up , and I used my wife 's ring as the test to see what reading the detector would spit out -LRB- gold 5 cent I think -RRB- . After 30 minutes of sweeping the area -LRB- yes , it works underwater up until the electronic head -RRB- , the Quickdraw II displayed the same reading it showed for my wife 's ring , I felt down and sure enough I found my ring ! This thing is a lifesaver !
 The `` Bounty Hunter Quick Draw II '' -LRB- QDII -RRB- is a very good , feature rich , mid-priced metal detector . After doing a lot of research for a `` real '' metal detector as a gift for my teenage son , I found the features for the price made the QDII the clear choice.The QDII has features that are generally only found on higher priced units : * The LCD screen can indicate what type of metal has been found * Indicates approximate depth * The Notch Modes work well for filtering out most trash itemsWe have really enjoyed using this sensitive and accurate metal detector!Highly recommended !
 The `` Bounty Hunter Quick Draw II '' -LRB- QDII -RRB- is a very good , feature rich , mid-priced metal detector . After doing a lot of research for a `` real '' metal detector as a gift for my teenage son , I found the features for the price made the QDII the clear choice.The QDII has features that are generally only found on higher priced units : * The LCD screen can indicate what type of metal has been found * Indicates approximate depth * The Notch Modes work well for filtering out most trash itemsWe have really enjoyed using this sensitive and accurate metal detector!Highly recommended !
 My first metal detector - I purchased this hoping I 'd find some jewelry at a local lake that had flooded last summer . I read the instruction booklet -LRB- very important -RRB- and sat-out to find treasure . Well ... I found an old anchor , an old grill , and a Schlitz beer can . Oh well ... It did work really very well , and I 'm glad I got it . Now I 'm off to the Gulf Coast and this will definitely be in my car !
 This is the first MD I 've ever bought and I 'm extremely pleased with how easy it is to use . Whith all the features this detector has , it is still user friendly . But , you need to read the instruction manual very carefully -LRB- maybe more than one time -RRB- to fully understant some othe more advanced features . You do n't need to learn more than just turning it on and adjusting two dials , and your good to go . . This detector should provide all you 'll need to get started . If at some point in the future you feel the need to upgrade , plan an spending at least double of what you paid for the Quick Draw II . . Here is a Bounty Hunter web site that will provide answers to most all of your questions . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is my first metal detector and I love it . It is lightweight , very user friendly , and comes at a great price with many extras . I have found it easy to locate and dig up everything that it hits on . I am still learning how to use the Notch feature so , not all of the stuff is treasure , but it is really fun and entertaining . It has located a lot of change and some jewelry . I got a pretty bad sunburn the last time I used it , so make sure you protect yourself from the sun . I highly recommend this metal detector to any beginner or intermediate treasure hunter or hobbyist . As for the novice treasure hunters you already know what I am talking about and I am sure you would agree .
 The `` Bounty Hunter Quick Draw II '' -LRB- QDII -RRB- is a very good , feature rich , mid-priced metal detector . After doing a lot of research for a `` real '' metal detector as a gift for my teenage son , I found the features for the price made the QDII the clear choice.The QDII has features that are generally only found on higher priced units : * The LCD screen can indicate what type of metal has been found * Indicates approximate depth * The Notch Modes work well for filtering out most trash itemsWe have really enjoyed using this sensitive and accurate metal detector!Highly recommended !
 Happy with it . It 's on me , but it does take me some practice & refreshing to be good with it . Very good for the money in any case .
 After receving my Bounty Hunter Quick Draw II metal detector I have enjoyed several hours with it . So far the only area I have used it has revealed several old relics and lots of scrap iron as this area is an old coal strip mining area . Am looking forward to going to an area where I can do some coin shooting . First detector so I am learning how to operate it , but sofar am having a lot of fun with it . It works very well . Found a lead crystal vanity dish lid that was 4 inches underground . So far it has been a very enjoyable experience . Detector was lowest price I could find on the internet for a new machine . Am very pleased with my purchase from this company .
 Bought this as a gift for one of my kids and it 's great fun for the beginner . Digging up all kinds of treasures -LRB- and coins -RRB- .
 Item arrived in excellent condition and very fast , have not been able to use it much considering the ground is frozen solid here in New York , but it will be put to good use once the snow is gone !
 Ho , noble comrades ! ` Twas time again for the Fellowship Fan Club to host its Annual Sauron Scavenger Hunt . As ever , the goal was simple
 I 've been using metal detectors for around 5 years now . My first detector was a Bounty Hunter QuickDraw II , a very fine , easy to learn detector that 's a real workhorse . I learned most everything I know about metal detecting from personal experience and from reading lots of posts and asking lots of questions at the Bounty Hunter Forum http://www.detecting.comI shopped around and found the Bounty Hunter Land Ranger as a factory shipped model -LRB- no extras except 4 '' and 8 '' coil -RRB- for $ 337 . For that price , I could n't afford not to buy it!When the Land Ranger -LRB- LR -RRB- arrived , it was in 3 pieces and extremely easy to assemble . The manual that comes with the LR gives you the basic information you need to get started detecting with the LR , but is a bit general when it comes to explaining what each of the functions do.If you just want a `` Turn On and Go '' detector , the Land Ranger may not be for you . If this is the case , I would recommend getting an easier to learn detector such as the Bounty Hunter QuickDraw II or even the Bounty Hunter Tracker IV . Should you later decide to get the Land Ranger , your first detector will make an excellent back-up detector and a great detector for a friend or family to use with you . What I would recommend is going to the Bounty Hunter Forum website listed above to learn , way more , information about various detectors and their various functions than I could ever begin to explain here.Even though I had been detecting for a while , my first trip out with the Land Ranger was quite overwhelming and somewhat frustrating due to the much greater sensitivity of this model , the added features it has and an the information overload of tones responding to mineralized ground conditions , trashy areas -LRB- many pulltabs , screwcaps etc. -RRB- and a condition know as `` falsing '' -LRB- tones due mostly to incorrect `` Sensitivity '' settings and improper Ground Balancing -RRB- . The initial experience that I describe here is very common with first time Land Ranger users and is frustrating , but will get much better with practice and with the more one learns about detecting in general and about the Land Ranger in particular.As I use the Land Ranger now , I have learned much about settings , what to ignore and what to watch for to indicate which targets may be worth digging . Once past the information overload -LRB- that will happen , I assure you -RRB- , the user will begin to appreciate the sensitivity of this detector , learn the proper settings , begin finding more and more valuable items -LRB- or targets as they are called -RRB- and become one with this detector.I purchased the Bounty Hunter Land Ranger for it 's very sophisticated microprocessor features including - Target Id , VDI -LRB- numeric -RRB- readout indicating target conductivity , 3 Tone ID , it 's automatic & manual Ground Balancing , Programmable Target Accept / Reject , All Metals , No Motion / Pinpoint mode , Self Tuning -LRB- Motion -RRB- All Metals Mode -LRB- good for deep hunting of Relics , Caches and/or gold nugget shooting -RRB- ... And ... for the reputation of Bounty Hunter Detectors ... but MAINLY for the excellent price of such a full featured , professional metal detector.I love being able to put this baby to work discriminating out trash items while ringing in sharp and clear when locating coins and jewelry . The Land Ranger is also ideal for hunting Relics and for -LRB- gold -RRB- nugget shooting , although I have not done much of either of these yet -LRB- soon , I hope -RRB- . I also love the fact that two coils -LRB- standard 8 '' and 4 '' nugget coil -RRB- come stock with the Land Ranger and I also have a 10 '' coil that I purchased for around $ 60 . -LRB- it 's important to have several coil sizes available for various types of hunting -RRB- The price of additional coils for many other brands of detectors is astronomical , so this was an integral part of my decision to get a Bounty Hunter rather than some other brands.I love how lightweight this detector is . I love knowing that I have a sophisticated detector that will not miss items that are buried deep . -LRB- how deep depends on the size of object , type of metal , soil conditions etc -RRB- Generally , the LR will detect to a depth of around 10 '' -12 '' deep for a coin sized target . -LRB- believe me , you wo n't want to dig too many objects THAT deep , most targets are right around 4 '' -6 '' deep , due to how coins , jewelry etc. tend to migrate down into the soil , this varies , of course , but in general , a greater number of objects are somewhere in this depth range.What I hate about the Land Ranger is that parts of the manual give a very general description of certain features like the ground monitor meter or self tuning all metals mode . I wish that the Land Ranger were waterproof or at least water resistant ... it is not , and I highly recommend that you do not use it in the rain without a good plastic cover that fits securely around the control housing.In Conclusion : I highly recommend the Land Ranger for any seasoned detectorist ... or for a novice detectorist that is willing to devote a good deal of time and a fair amount of patience to mastering the many nuances of this full featured detector . The Land Ranger hosts Target ID , -LRB- VDI -RRB- Numeric Readout , 3 Tone ID , Depth Meter , Battery Meter , Ground Monitor Meter , Sensitivity meter and Target indicator . It has Touchpad controls for Sensitivity , Accept / Reject Discrimination , All Metals - No Motion / Pinpoint mode , 3 Factory Preset modes , All Metals -LRB- Motion -RRB- Self Tuning mode and for Smart Trac Automatic and Manual Ground Balancing.It 's a handful , but a great full featured unit for a very reasonable price . 5 stars ... Highly Recommended if you are willing to devote some time and patience in learning it 's traits and harnessing it 's potential , once you do , you 'll absolutely love it , I know I do!RecommendedYes
 We Love it ! Best purchase I have made in a long time ! At first I thought it was a little too much to spend on a metal detector ... This is in the middle range and very easy to use . I bought it as a family project , something we all could do . In the first 3 months of purchasing it we have found 3 diamond rings , 2 gold watches , a bracelet , gold necklace and several old and valuable coins that date back to as early as 1890 . Also it 's a great hobbie and money maker . Worth every cent !! Do n't forget to get the headphones -- a MUST !!! Get it for a Christmas 2004 gift , your gift will keep them busy and keep giving back all year long .
 I have used a lot of detectors in my time . This Bounty Hunter Land Ranger Metal Detector is the best at this price that I have used . The only problem with this one is you have to read the book and have knowledge of detectors to use . It has found a lot of good stuff for me , coins , bullets , etc. .
 I did n't want to buy a cheap detector , so I went with a mid class one . It takes a little time to master it and the owner 's manual is n't that detailed . It was worth it . I did n't want to start with a cheap one and then up grade . I like it . Has the bells and whistles I can use and is fun .
 The digital display is clear , detailed and accurate . I 've thoroughly enjoyed using this detector . I researched detectors before I purchased this one , and it has thoroughly met my expectations . I highly recommend it .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas and I thought it would be a big waste . To date my husband has found several pieces of jewelry , a ton of coins and a silver dollar coin that dated 1860 -LRB- that we sold for $ 220 -RRB- . Its easy to use and we now fight to see who will use it next . A great addition to our family .
 I 've owned the Bounty Hunter Land Star for about 2 years now and it is a great , economically priced detector . Shop around because you can get it for less then one hundred dollars if you know where to look ... cough ... ebay ... cough ... ebay.I 've found tons of silver coins with this detector . It 's target processor is extremely reliable for coins . If you get a solid repeatable coin tone then you 've got a 95 % chance of digging up a coin . I 've also found Civil War buttons , old toys , and multiple rings at the beach . Yesterday I found 2 Mercury Head dimes -LRB- 1918 and 1941 -RRB- in a local park . Believe me when I tell you that treasure is in the ground everywhere.Contrary to another review that you may see below , the All-Metal mode works exactly as it should . Not only does it work as it should , but it is the most useful and descriptive mode on this machine . Mr. David Carlson obviously does n't know how to operate his metal detector . The symptoms that he describes are the result of someone not reading the manual . He does n't understand the relationship between All-Metal mode and Ground Balance . It just takes a moment to read and understand.Bottom line
 My husband and I had been talking about getting a detector on and off for over a year . The more we looked into it , the more confused we were . We did n't know what features we needed or what to look for . We did n't want to spend too much but were afraid to go too low and end up with one that did n't work well . We decided on this one based on other reviews and price.It came with a video which helped us understand about the model and how they work in general . Just practicing around the yard he found two colonial coins . We 've only taken it on one camping trip and found a silver dime , some quarters , pennies , and a silver Mexican Peso in New Hampshire about 4 inches deep . My husband is getting the hang of it . The more items you find , the more you understand it . He says that when it says it 's junk , turns out it is junk and it 's been right on with quarters and smaller coins.We are very happy with the unit and feel we made the right choice . I would have given it one more star but my husband has n't found any jewelry yet !
 I bought this as a birthday present for my boyfriend . After researching several different metal detectors both here and elsewhere , I decided that I was going to have to spend at least $ 250 to get anything decent . While there were several other models listed at the time when I purchased this , the Bounty Hunter Land Star seemed to have a respectable array of functions , such as the ability to filter out `` useless '' items such as soda can tab tops and bottle caps , a sensitivity adjuster to control the amount of detection , an LED panel to visually show what range an item was in -LRB- i.e. gold , silver , pennies , nickels , quarters , etc. -RRB- , and most importanly
 I have owned several high end metal detectors , -LRB- 1 -RRB- Fisher Cz series and a Garrett GT series , and this metal detector has more settings -LRB- or equal to -RRB- and dials in closer than the others i paid over 7 or 800 bucks for . BUT if i was gon na go with the `` Bounty Hunter '' brand i would go as high end as i could with their units , due to the fact that they are either high end or low end , not really a mid ground for them . This landstar has been a great unit and I couldnt be happier . With that being said you need to understand how metal detectors work and what ground balancing is and how the sensitivity works and how to use the discrimination to use it at its potential , nearly everytime it indicates that their is something beneath the soil there usually is ... I would definatly suggest this for someone wanting a detector that will be good for entry level to advanced . Another suggestion i would make is read the manual several times -LRB- unlike myself -RRB- so when you take it out for the first time you dont get discouraged . Last thing i would suggest is read up on metal detecting and soil mineralization , and ground balancing ... All in all a great unit , your spending a 3rd usually of what it would take to buy a unit with these features . I have heard rumors of it being discontinued due to being a little to technical for the average `` big box store '' buyer ... Manufactur is wishy washy about giving me an answer one way or the other on that ... I ordered extra parts for mine just in case , thats how much i thought of this detector , with extras i am still WAY under what it would have cost for a higher end unit . And money wasnt even an issue in my purchase , i stumbled on this and bought it on impulse since the price was so low with the features it indicated it had , figured oh well if it doesnt work out i will take it back , now it goes in the truck when i do . .
 I purchased this as a Christmas present for my husband . It arrived in a timely manner -LRB- Just in time for Christmas -RRB- , and in great shape . He really never asks for much , but he wanted this . We went to the Smokies for Christmas and he got to try it out searching for Gold!Needless to say he loves it ! I would highly recommend it for anyone looking for some fun !
 bought detector to find ring worth $ $ $ $ found it in 10 minutes . Already paid for itself !!! Worked great , got here fast . Great price !! Thanks
 These head phones are very easy to use , you can adjust the volume with easel . Really like them and for the money you ca n't beat it , they are as good as the most expensive ones .
 My boyfriend uses it with his metal detector and he uses it often . He 's happy with it so it 's a great product so far . Thank you for giving a great product .
 I bought these because they were of the same brand that makes the metal detector and so I thought they would be more compatable .
 i got these headphones for my son for christmas to go along with his new metal detector . he really loved them . they are very comfortable ...
 I use these headphones for metal detecting , listening to books , movies and audio books . They are much better than my everyday headphones and I even use them at the gym .
 I bought these headphones for my son for his Metal Detector , but he has been using them for his Electric Drum Sets , he loves them , they are very good quality and work with a multiple of other products . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This was a Christmas gift for my grandson and he has n't had much opportunity to use it , but it fits him and I think it will be fine .
 they are top quality ... heavy duty ... i 'm not able to use them yet , winter snow , but i 'm looking forward to it in the spring ...
 i bought this with my bounty hunter metal detector , it is good and satisfied with my purshasefor the price it is a good product
 I AM SO GLAD I BOUGHT THESE HEAD PHONES.QUALITY NO QUESTION
 These are the best headphones not only for my Bounty Hunter Metal Detector ... but excellent for my MP3 player and home stereo ! What clear , remarkable sounds it delivers !!!
 I bought as Christmas present for grandson as he got the metal detector and according to him , they work just fine . He dug up the backyard Christmas day and found an old BirdsEye juice can !
 Exactly as described . My husband got a metal detector for his birthday and his headset to go along with it . He 's very pleased with it .
 I bought them to use with my Bounty Hunter metal detector . Makes searching much easier . I recommend that if you purchase a metal detector that you order the headsets .
 I just got into the metal detecting hobby and quickly realized surrounding noises detracted from my searching . These are lightweight and loud and the price was inexpensive which helps my wife tolerate `` Yet another expensive hobby '' . They cover the entire ear blocking out 85 % of the surrounding noise . The coil cord seem stiff and short but I 'm sure it will stretch in a short time .
 Got this item the same week I ordered it . Nice set of headphones for the price . Works very well with the Bounty Hunter Metal Detector I also purchased . I 'm satisfied with this product . It 's light weight , and does the job well .
 These have been a godsend for my husband ! He uses them withhis metal detector and it block out all of the beach noise .
 He bought himself the metal detector and the directions stated that you needed the headphone to be able to be able to hear better .
 We bought these to go with the Bounty Hunter metal detector . They are perfect and an excellent value . Great fun gold mining , etc. with grandkids .
 My husband and I got these headphones for his 9-year old son who lives in Ocala , Florida . He loves them . They are n't too heavy , and really allow him to listen carefully . When a 9-year old can concentrate on something for longer than five minutes , you know it 's a good product ! They took some getting used to , but after three weeks , he 's doing very well , and does n't even notice that he has them on .
 So much better than the original headset . The coiled cord does n't interfere , however they are hot in the Florida weather , great in Wyoming . .
 Unlike previous reviews , mine has a coiled cord ? Nice . Excellent souls quality , fits my ears perfect , and has a 1/8 to phono adapter included . I could n't expect anything better for this price . Very pleased with the entire purchase .
 Makes metal detecting easier . They keep the noise down so others around are not bothered by the noise when in use .
 These I bought as an after thought for my metal detector . Wow what a great thing to have . Easy to hear all the different sounds the first time and know almost to the T what you can expect to find . Before I was unable to discern some of the sounds because of ocean noise including people and birds .
 This is a excellent quality headset , comfortable with volume control for each ear and excellent frequency pickup . I 'd recommend them to anyone looking for a good headset .
 Love it . Cuts out most of distraction from surf and other noises . Excellent product . Look forward to many hours of play time with it . Product arrived on time and ready to use .
 great buy.easy to put together.easy to use.reliable product.found metal items on first use.read-out was correct for each type .
 Headphones work great , i would recommend these to anybody . I use them most of the time i am out with the metal detector and everything comes in clear .
 These work well for what they are for ... blocking environmental sound , providing a good sound to your ears from the detector , individual volume controls.What I do n't like is that they are bulky , hot , and sweaty , and if your eyeglasses are behind your ears , your ears will hurt when you are done ! Also , if you use a pinpointer -LRB- I recommend the Garrett ProPointer -RRB- , you will be taking these off and puting them back on constantly.So ... they work well , but I wish there was a better solution . I have ordered an adaptor so my iPod headphones will fit ... only problem is , I wo n't have any volume control -LRB- no , your iPod headphone volume control controls your IPOD , and will not control the detector -RRB- . Maybe I can just pull the headphones out of my ears a little bit . I am also thinking perhaps the batteries might last longer with ipod headphones ??? I will try to remember to update my review when I get my adaptor .
 I bought these headphones to use with my Bounty Hunter Metal Detector . They do what they are designed to do . They help cut out outside noise and make it easy for you to hear those faint noises that are important when hunting for underground treasures . It takes a little bit of getting used to , but after a few days they are quite comfortable . Remember , they are for use with a Metal Detector only .
 When researching metal detectors before buying a Bounty Hunter Tracker IV for a Christmas gift , I learned that using earphones with the detector not only makes hearing the `` beeps '' much easier , but also extends the battery life of the battery in the detector . We live in a windy , windy canyon area , so I knew the earphones were a necessity because of the constant wind noise . My husband says that the earphones effectively screen out noise that would overpower the emissions from the detector if he were n't wearing the headset . He 's a happy camper with his Bounty Hunter Tracker IV and the Bounty Hunter stereo earphones .
 I have only been metal detecting for a few months now , but with these new headphones I have found coins and rings on places I have already gone over . Check them out you 'll love them.Bounty Hunter Metal Detector Headphone
 Ordered this product to go with the Bounty Hunter Fast Tracker Metal Detector . If you do n't want to disturb the neighbors when searching for treasures in your back yard , this is the product for you .
 Good fit and adjustable for any one . Very sensitive and volume control is easy to adjust to the outside noises .
 I recieved the headphones this week and hooked them up to my fast tracker and went out into the yard looking for treasure . They work great and I was very pleased with the quality of the product and the sound.If you have a fast track metal detector you need to purchase this accessory it is made to adapt to all bounty fast track models . The Vinman
 We bought these headphones to go with our Garret Ace 250 metal detector that we purchased for our 9yr son.These headphones fit his head nicely . The connector has an adapter for the larger headphone jack required by the metal detector , but when you take it off , the headphones can be used with iPods , DS 's etc. . Sometimes , our son plugs them into his Nintendo DS . The ear-covering headphones are more comfortable for him than ear-buds . Sound seems good enough and they feel well made .
 These are good quality , well built headphones . They help prolong the battery life on your metal detector and make it easier to hear the tones . I did n't have a comfort problem with them , but i can tell you if it is hot out ... with these on expect to get a bit sweaty.I 'm 5 ' 7 '' and did not have any issues with the length of the cord . It did n't get in the way for me when i was digging for my find as others stated.This is a great addition to your metal detecting pack !
 Very nice headphones here , but make sure you pretty much just want to use them for your metal detector . No base at all , but that 's cool . I wanted this for my metal detector nothing else . Highly Recommend .
 Awesome ! my pkg came so early than the expected date . I will definitely buy again from the company . Keep do the good job !
 Seems to work well , close noise does not seem to be an issue . Fully adjustable so it fits both me and my 12 year old grand son .
 they work good and I like the controls on each cup . Plastic on ear muffs a little stiff but not bad . They fit head good and not too heavy
 item arrived on time works well arrived in good condition appears as described very satisfied with company and product.Bounty Hunter Metal Detector Binaural Headphone Wired Connectivity Stereo Over-the-head
 Bought in the complete set to Bounty Hunter Discovery 3300 Metal Detector -LRB- Lawn and Patio -RRB- For a gift , therefore anything bad I can not tell . I know that to that to whom has presented - it is very glad to my gift . That will be further - I do not know ...
 Great HeadphonesI bought these headphones to use with my Bounty Hunter Metal Detector . They do what they are designed to do .
 Bought these to go with a metal detector . Have found that they are great for listening to music from my desktop computer and other sources . Very good value for money
 Very good sound and the ear pieces are comfortable . Only issue I have is they are a bit heavy if you wear for a long period of time .
 I purchased this for my husband for Christmas . It is winter , of course and we live in MN . Will not be able to use it until June .
 This is the second metal detector I have owned . The controls are very simple and easily explained in the manual . I wasnt sure if it would differentiate between different metals as it said so I went onto my patio to test it . Sure enough , it detected iron re-bar in my patio , and detected the copper penny I placed on the ground . I would recommend this to all skill levels as a way to have fun , and locate your keys a little easier . Happy detecting
 I am not as experienced as other reviewers here but I will give my persepctive . I bought this as a Christmas gift for my hubby . He had expressed interest in one . I thought it would be a great hobby and exercize all rolled into one . He loves it . He is still learning all the ins and outs but has gotten the hang of it pretty well . There are lots of settings to control depth and the type of items one is serching for . He started off on all , but now has learned how to switch to coins , etc. . We have found some items -LRB- nothing of value -RRB- . But it is exciting to hear that beep and start digging not knowing what one will discover . It was ready to go right out of the box with just a few adjustments . Overall I would say it is a good product .
 This metal detector is very accurate . With the added gold detector , so far I have found alot of items , just in my own back yard . I love this item . Plus , it gets me walking around , so it 's good exercise too and you do n't realize all of the walking you are doing because you are so excited to find something .
 I was hoping for the earlier -LRB- V2-3 -RRB- Time Ranger because the older units had target ID in the all metal modes-wich I use a lot.But I must say even without the target ID the all metal mode is very capable in finding even the tiniest bits of metal or deeply burried coins . It is very sensitive & is best suited for prospecting or `` hunted out '' locations.I find it about the best choice for the sandy beaches of the Columbia River-it gets past the high mineralization and does n't need constant fiddling with the ground balance so I can concentrate on signals . . I did manage my deepest nickle-a 1958 @ 7 '' measured-that gave me enough of a signal in the discrimination mode to verify the target in the all metal mode . I was suprised by the depth-well past my pro-pointer even after my 5 '' plug was out.But what I really find unique about this unit is the notch allows you to select gold only range targets & ignore high conductors . Or even handier is the `` sniff '' mode-It varies the selected notch from the target ID by + - 15 on the VDI scale . So if you select a target at the 30 range-you cover 15-45 VDI signals only-and it gives a high tone wich is very nice.The downside is in discrimination mode it is what I would call a slow recovery machine & you have to keep the coil sweep speed down if your used to a Tesoro or similar machine.Also the ground balance is set on the discrimination mode wich does hamper depth in highly mineralized soils/sand . And I also have the Discovery 3300 ... I like the disc mode on that model better as it seems to be deeper & has faster recovery speed-and the user set ground balance wich functions in discrimination mode really helps . But the notch & all metal modes pale in comparison-sigh ... #Hey Bounty Hunter-Combine the 2 ? #Last note-a certain detector sale outlet is selling a re-badged version of these for $ 600.00-Not rip-off but this is a screaming deal on a competent detector.Always cover your holes neatly & try to protect the roots-Respect Private Property & local rules regarding metal detecting . Keep this hobby alive by being a good example .
 I have only used it around my yard and found , foil , cans , tabs , and caps in 15min . Cant wait to try out elsewhere .
 I am very satisfied with the price and quality of my purchase . They shipped it very quickly . It was delivered in excellent shape with no damage . The unit is made in Texas , and that provides jobs for Americans . Thanks for an excellent transaction .
 I had a problem when I order on me side . Firemall was great in helping me get it straighten out .
 This thing is way more advanced than I am . The price is incredible for the quality . All you snooty detectorists can turn your nose up no more . You can ignore what you do n't want to find and find the stuff you want . I ca n't wait to take this thing to the beach .
 I live on a mountain side with 20 acres heavily populated by squirrels . We have the big gray and flying that love our attic . I bought the sonic sounders and put ammonia in the attic with little to no success . A handyman gave me a bottle of this to spray on the rodents entry points and PRESTO those guys are gone ! If I do n't reapply every three weeks or so they return but then a couple sprays in there entry point and gone again!This stuff is a little pricey but a good night sleep is priceless .
 OK , I was a little reluctant to buy this because of some of the negative reviews , but the fact is that for the purpose I needed it for , it worked EXTREMELY well ! I had a squirrel infestation under the eaves -LRB- and eventually in the walls -RRB- of my house . I tried many things , including Bounce Fabric softener , live traps , and soiled kitty litter . Nothing worked , they just gnawed away at my walls . When I used the critter ridder , they were gone by the end of the day , and have n't been back since . Yes , it is a little pricey , but for the effectiveness , and damage prevention , it is well worth the price . i ca n't speak to other pests , but this stuff WORKS ON SQUIRRELS ! One note of caution , I was a little careless when applying the spray to some lovers in the attic , and inhaled the merest wisp of over-spray . I thought I was going to drop dead on the spot , but the effects wore off after not too much time - use care when applying .
 Critter ridder is meant to be used to deter an animal fro using its mouth . Spray it on your garbage cans , garbage bags and it works . I have left garbage with meat , fish and food in a plastic bag and nothing else , and if the bag is sprayed not one racoon touches it . You cant use to form a perimeter , it is not a barrier , it just really really bad and no animal will bite twice .
 I have two rabbits who have the run of the back yard - with a brick fence . Well apparently word got out and all the neighborhood cats decided our yard was a great new hobby . I 've seen possums back there too , and a little hawk tried to get Felix . Well I bought this stuff , sprayed the top of the brick fence and the surrounding trees . I also sprinkled the granules in a couple places . Now we have had total peace for over two months - I just respray -LRB- generously -RRB- when it rains , which is not a whole lot here in Southern CA . The rabbits are kings of the yard again -LRB- which is not easy when you 're that far down on the food chain -RRB- .
 I have used two bottles of this product and it does everything it claims . My dog is staying off furniture and out of the garbage and no one has to say anything .
 I recently tried Critter Ridder -LRB- spray -RRB- for lizards . I am afraid of them but I only want to keep them away from my front/back doors and out of my garage . I tried Critter Ridder about a week ago and no lizards yet . I actually saw their little heads poking out right under the arch of my front porch but they have yet to come into the porch area . Do n't know how long it will last but so far I am very satisfied .
 I used it to keep animals out of my attic before fixing a hole near a soffit vent . It worked for me . I used it quite liberally all over the attic space , vents , and point of entry .
 -LRB- I could not write this fast enough -- and I hope that I wo n't have to retract/edit it ... -RRB- My 3-yr-old great-grand-daughter is my official `` squirrel scold , '' and she has been over-worked . So I bought this product , and last evening we sprayed the wooden feeder on the tree and the hanging feeder near it . Then we bravely filled both with supreme high-tech feed -- with the peanuts and all that for the `` desirable '' birds.This morning we approached the front window and were amazed . There were 50 birds out there having the time of their lives without squirrel intrusion ! As we watched , squirrels climbed the tree , detoured around the sprayed feeder , and made a u-turn . They also avoid the hanger.All they do now is hang around beneath the feeders picking up spilled seed . That 's okay by me.As for cats and deer and all
 I have sprayed this on my garbage several times , which was getting tipped over weekly by squirrels in the neighberhood stopping in for ` dinner ' . I doused the outside of the can with this and the squirrels have n't dined on us for a while . What 's nice in no squirrels are hurt and I 'm sure they will go elsewhere for another good meal .
 I started using Critter Ridder about 3 or 4 years ago . I was having a problem with trash bags torn open by skunks , racoons etc. , looking for food . Since using this product , the problem of scattered trash has been solved.Even with hot summer nights , not one wild critter went near the bags . It will not hurt them , but will keep them away . MAK , PA
 I 've used this stuff for years . I have very aggressive deer that chew off every young plant . This product does keep deer off of the young trees . Its the only thing I 've tried that actually works -LRB- someone told me about it several years ago -RRB- . You just puncture the seal and clip a few of these on the trees , and the deer do n't chew on them . Apparently deer , like vampires , do n't like garlic , possibly because they share common traits with vampires -LRB- both are nocturnal and like to bite things ! LOL -RRB- . Anyway , I like them and they are cheaper on Amazon than buying direct from Pro-Tec . PS , the only thing that works on rabbits is a big cat or a .22 caliber ...
 Was super surprised how well it worked ! But - beware the terrible smell when you open the package . Also , found out that the manufacturers utilize facilities who employee those with special needs . It 's a great way to provide work to those facilities !
 Came in on time and hangs by a thin string . My roommate is using to decorate her car on the rear view window and it fits great and the string is holding up very well .
 No problems with getting the item . The air filter fit fine . At first I thought it was the wrong part because you have to remove a few screws that are for other saws . But no problems doing that .
 Everything went great . The product was exactly what I was looking for and it got to me quick . Thank you
 An excellent product . One suggestion they need to make another size to fit steel flag poles . The 1.5 is too small and the 2.0 is too large but works . They need a 1.75 size .
 I have a supply of eucalyptus fire wood . I use the whole tree . When I cut the branches I cut to length from 1/4 '' Dia . on up . I bought these loppers to save mysaw . Why waste it on the small cut 's ? I cut all the small stuff up to about 11/2 '' with the loppers . I have been using them for about 4 month 's , and they still go through 11/2 '' seasoned eucalyptus with no trouble . I do n't stress themany more then that . They have saved ware on my saw , and have saved me allot of time . I have never used the Corona compound with the geared blade . If anything ever happens to these I might give them a try . I think I made a very good buy .
 Bought this to cut tree roots while digging a trench for buried electric line . It cut through roots up to about 13/4 inch thick with ease . Well built and durable product .
 Pros : - 2 '' Capacity - Light Weight - Reasonable Cost - Compound Cutter , Less Effort - Easily SharpenedCons : - Compound Cutter , More Distance to Open - No Rubber StopI bought this lopper exclusively for trail maintenance a few times per year . That maintenance consists of 90 % willows with the balance conifer limbs and Potentilla . Willows grow as a multi-stem cone from knee high to over head high and quickly obscure a trail if not pruned back periodically . The goal is to cut the willow within 6 '' of the root . To do that a long reach is needed and the compound mechanism reduces the force required.The AL 4110 is the least expensive of the ~ 40 lopper models that Corona makes . However it is not cheaply made , just design compromises to reduce cost . All the steel parts
 Great color and design . Love looking at it above my bed . The Germans always produce the highest quality , from humans to commodities .
 not much to say got it way before it said it would arrive and its in my barracks room hanging proudly .
 I bought this for my teenage son who is embrassing his German heritage and he loves it . We hung it up on his bedroom wall and it is wonderful quality . It came quickly and was very inexpensive .
 Used several of these to decorate a hall for an Octoberfest Celebration . Gave the hall a real German Beer Hall atmosphere .
 Thank you ! love this product so much . This is like what i expected . I would like to recommend this product to my friends .
 I am very happy with this product , of course , because it 's polyester its cheap , but as long as the cat or the like dont get hold of it your scott-free ! It arrived precisely on time . I was also worried about the design from other customers who said the state emblem was cartooney , but considering the fact that this is the unofficial flag and the official flag is illegal to buy I am completely satisfied . Also , it is 3 ' x 5 ' so if you cant see it in your head it is very large . : -RRB-
 Good indoor flag brite colors . My second flag of the same after my first was stolen . Would work outside but if its storming or real windy id take it down anyway . Otherwise works fine outside most days .
 I boguht 2 flags from this seller . This one came out the brightest and looks great and is perfectly straight . The price was unbeatable and the quality is great . This is a very thin material tho so watch yourself when sticking a thumbtac through it to pit it up . Looksgreat on my wall overall !
 Whilst I love the German flag I 've recited , compared to the store bought Australian and Eureka Stockade flags I own , alongside the Collingwood Magpies flag owned by my brother , this product pales in comparison . The materials it was made of could 've been better , and at a similar , if not SLIGHTLY more expensive cost .4 / 5 instead of a 3/5 only because as I said , it is hard to obtain a foreign flag in Australia -LRB- unless it 's American -RRB- and this is the best GERMAN flag you can get in Australia .
 I love this , It has the Prussian Eagle in the front the standard German national flag does n't have that . So this is really a flag honoring the German empire which i like . Anyway it arrived in good shape it was a lot larger than i expected and a little cheap for 5 bucks what more can you expect . This is really an indoor flag because its a little flimsy .
 Amazing quality , color , and size for such a cheap price.Bought this and received it just a few days later.Great packaging job and awesome product.Brings a little bit of home to me here in the states . = -RRB-
 This is a great product for the price , shipped and delivered within 24 hours , is a good size with vibrant colors , the texture is n't the greatest but that does not take off from the products value ... great product , especially for the money .
 my husband loves his flag he collects german stuff and was thrilled to get this for his birthday . thanks . its a very sturdy material also .
 This little guy is a great machine ! I work on these types of pressure washers all the time , and I can throughly say that this is quite possibly one of the best washers on the market.The Comet AXD pump is what really rocks . These are rock solid pumps with a very good service life . I have seen these pumps come in on other units . It sounds scary , but they actually come in because they are neglected and abused . They run low on oil because nobody monitors the pump 's oil level . No leaks , just oil burning off from the heat of the pump . Eventually , the pump does n't turn so well and the engine wo n't start anymore . -LRB- Which takes quite a while in most cases -RRB- But I 've found nearly every time , all I have to do is refill the pump with oil , and it works perfect again ! I ca n't say that about many of the other pumps that are out there ! You could buy the model that 's $ 50 less , but believe me . This is infinitely better than that model.The engine is also really great . First off , you just ca n't beat a Honda , even in their less-expensive OHC engines such as this one . They build a great motor , as long as it is maintained well . Hondas are REAL finnicky when it comes to leaving gas in them . I would just recommend draining the gas out of it if you do n't plan on using it for a month or more . You 'll save yourself a real headache by just draining or running it out of gas.They tell you that a mechanic can tell you the truth behind any product he sells or works with . Well , this mechanic believes this washer is worth every penny , and more ...
 I was excited to come home from work and find this machine at my front door . I gathered up some wrenches and started assembly . It 's really pretty easy if you follow the instructions . This is where I ran into problems . I missed the step for installing the first bolts to the wheel shaft and then attaching to the cart with the second set of bolts . At any rate , I severed the air valve when taking the wheel off in order to install it correctly . I got a tube at the Snapper store and installed it pretty easily . The new tube has a metal valve that ca n't be severed by the wheel hub . Then I went across the steet to the Mobile station . I wanted to go ahead and get the pump oil -LRB- Mobil1 15W/50 -RRB- . They did n't have it and referred me to the auto parts store . They did n't have it either . I proceeded to Home Depot and Lowe 's with no luck . When I find it , I 'll have to stock up.I got back home , added SAE30 to the engine and gassed it up . She fired right up as described . FYI - This unit has a fixed throttle , so ingore the Honda instructions for Manual Throttle . Also , I did n't find the unit excessively loud as mentioned in another review -LRB- as far as gas powered lawn equipment goes -RRB- . This thing has got some major power . It really does take two hands ; one on the trigger and one on the lance . I have n't received my addtional nozzles yet , but the green one seems adequate . I have n't played with the pressue adjustment yet , but it really blows set in between low and high.Basically , this is the exact unit sold under the Honda name for $ 230.00 more . The quality of everything is professional grade.Now , I 'm going to find something else to clean .
 The package arrived in 2 boxes . I was sort of surprised that I had to assemble the whole machine to the cart . I am not the hardware kind of person , but had to make trips to Home Depot and buy some tools and managed to put this thing together . The manual that came with leaves a lot to be desired . For the amount of money they are charging , I would have thought that they could atleast provide a nice color manual . Also , they could provide detailed instructions and some assembly tools . Regardless , the final product is excellent . Two pulls and the honda burst into life . In about a year , I will know how goos this pump is . New machines always work well .
 I have had it for several weeks and feel confident in writing this review.This machine is very well made , very powerfull -LRB- need two hands to controll the spray -RRB- you could easely damage things , and by far the noisiest machine in the neighborhood . As a home owner I did not expect this . I replaced a Karcher electric that I had for 20 years with this unit . I am very happy about the power , not so happy about the noise . -LRB- you will want to buy more hose , more nozzles , and some good hearing protection -RRB-
 Was easy to assemble . Starts up real easy . I like that if you run out of gas or turn it off it is very easy to start up again . It is very powerful and did a great job on my fence , house , and deck . You definitely need to purchase the additional 25ft hose . Anything new usually works good but so far it 's great and I love it .
 Really like this one because it is very easy to read . I bought it for my dad for Father 's day and he uses it up at his cabin . The thermometer is hung on a tree about 60 ft away from the cabin and can still be easily read through the windows without having to squint . It 's decorative but the decoration is n't on the part you are trying to read so that 's why I really liked it .
 Very good for outdoors in colder temperatures . Bought as a present for my mother in Maine , would recommend to others .
 Everywhere I travel I buy a &#34; map magnet &#34; and place it on the fridge . I could n't find one of these while on vacation but was delighted to know that I could stillg get one .
 looked every where for a grid for a charcoal gril I puchases at the local Habitat . Finally found this one and it works great . Thanks for speedy shipping . would definately recommend this item and store .
 Product is as described . Expandable portions slide in and out a little too easily and make install and removal a little clumsy . Definitely work and worth the price .
 My wife and I had one from 2005 through christmas 2010 . Kids came from lots of different neighborhoods just to see it , Easy to put up easy to take down and store . We really are going to miss it this year . Still hoping to find a replacement
 Amazon likes reviews ... I like reviews ... But with something like this it is hard to review , it is a replacement part . It fits properly . It does the job it was designed for . It is not fancy , it is a molded piece of plastic . If it breaks before I feel it should have I will update this review , otherwise ...
 I have a Weber Genesis E-310 myself and love it , and I recently helped a friend purchase and assemble this cheaper Spirit E-310 . Overall , it 's a very nice grill and a great value . Compared to the Genesis , it has a smaller cooking area and some of the materials are n't as nice , but as far as I can tell it uses the exact same burners/heating mechanism and as a result it heats up quicker and gets hotter because it 's smaller -LRB- ours heated up past the 600 degree mark after only about 10 minutes ! -RRB- . I think Weber makes a great gas grill , my family has owned them for years -LRB- my dad had a genesis that lasted over 10 years left outside under a covered porch but w/o a grill cover in the harsh south FL climate , he recently replaced it with another Genesis -RRB- . I would definately recommend this grill to anyone , in fact while I love my Genesis I am left wondering if it 's really worth the extra $ 250 vs. this Spirit.First , cooking on it
 We did n't buy ours on Amazon , but rather got it from a local dealer for $ 399 . I picked it up yesterday and assembled it myself . I was very impressed with the assembly of the grill . I 've setup grills before that `` assemble in minutes '' -LRB- 200 or 300 minutes . . -RRB- , but this was dead simple . Yes , the directions could use a bit more verbage , but they definitely clearly depict how to put the thing together . Essentially , you attach the large wheels , put the base together , drop the top onto the base , attach some exterior pieces , a shelf , doors and finally , the tank . The directions say 30 minutes , or 15 if you 're a pro . It took me about 45 , including a couple of interruptions , so I 'd say 30 is pretty much on the money.The grill heats up very fast . Much faster than the Kenmore model it replaced . Folks - do n't be suckered by the allure of 60k BTU grills simply based on that number alone . BTUs only really tell half of the story . The real key to grill efficiency is the heat box - what the burners are sitting inside . If the box is a well-built one , you do n't need the higher BTU output to maintain temperature in the box . The Spirit E310 , while only 36k BTU , beats the daylights out of the 48k Kenmore we had in terms of time to heat up , ability to recover heat after opening the lid and ability to maintain an even temp inside the box.Oh yeah , and no crazy noises coming out of the burners , like the Kenmore had . Ultimately , it 's what caused Sears to give us our $ $ back on the Kenmore , which wound up being applied to our Weber . And yes , we had it serviced -- Sears came out with Sr. . Techs on 3 occasions.The scale on the side that holds the tank is great , though a bit picky as to what configuration tanks will properly seat on it . One of our tanks fits great , the other does n't . Leaving the tank on the ground next to the grill is n't an option either , due to the shorter length of the hose on the grill . That , is my only nit to pick with this grill .
 I have a Weber Genesis E-310 myself and love it , and I recently helped a friend purchase and assemble this cheaper Spirit E-310 . Overall , it 's a very nice grill and a great value . Compared to the Genesis , it has a smaller cooking area and some of the materials are n't as nice , but as far as I can tell it uses the exact same burners/heating mechanism and as a result it heats up quicker and gets hotter because it 's smaller -LRB- ours heated up past the 600 degree mark after only about 10 minutes ! -RRB- . I think Weber makes a great gas grill , my family has owned them for years -LRB- my dad had a genesis that lasted over 10 years left outside under a covered porch but w/o a grill cover in the harsh south FL climate , he recently replaced it with another Genesis -RRB- . I would definately recommend this grill to anyone , in fact while I love my Genesis I am left wondering if it 's really worth the extra $ 250 vs. this Spirit.First , cooking on it
 The item showed up nearly a week before I was expecting it . Due to its weight , the free shipping was an added plus . The delivery company actually placed the grill inside my garage which was very helpful again due to its weight and the size of the boxes . The directions provided to assemble the grill were vague and very difficult to interupt . The directions indicated to plan about 30 to 40 minutes to assemble . It took almost 2 hours and I am very mechanically inclined . Once assembled the grill worked perfectly . If I had to do it over again , I would buy this grill , but would love to have better directions .
 If you are overwhelmed by the behemouth grills they are selling at big box stores and in catalogues , then this is the grill for you . Three burners allows for easy control of temperature and flames . The shelf on the left is convenient for a platter . What more do you need ? Assembly was moderately easy , but took longer than the 30 minutes they said it would take .
 I did n't know much about grills so I asked around . Everyone told me to get a Weber grill , and after reading reviews I could see why . I just got my grill this weekend and we have used it 3 times already . . we love it ! Very sturdy/solid , and super easy to use . All you need to do is turn the gas on , turn a knob . . and press the ignitor ! Everything we have cooked has come out perfectly , very even cooking . This grill may not have all the bells and whistles , but you can bet it will last for years to come.Update
 Pros : - Heats up fast , mostly evenly and uses less gas than others-Very sturdy , you may need to replace grates and flavorizer bars every 5 or so years , but the firebox etc will last and last-Great ignition system , one push and it lights , and no batteries.-Propane tank scale is very useful for estimating remaining fuelCons-Not nearly enough counter surface-Work surface and area where the knobs are can get quite hot-Metal area under the knob expands unevenly/warps when the grill is heating which can be annoying-In below freezing temps the ignition occasionally gets stuck downAll in all a good grill if you want something to last a while and not replace the entire thing in 4 years . If you do want to replace the whole shebang every few years , do n't spend more than $ 150 . But DO NOT be fooled into buying shiny junky `` stainless '' grills that are made of thin metal that can barely retain hand distribute heat and will rust out in a couple of seasons .
 I consider myself a moderate griller , trying different ways to be creative using one and probably more unusual as I cook in sun , clouds , rain , and snow . My first one was a Char-broil from Home Depot which lasted a few years with a cover . After a while the quality of Char-Broil showed and the entire grill was rusting out . I decided to spend the money on a quality product since that is what I expected . I got the Weber Spirit as I did not really use the side burner option very often , though if I did , the Genesis would have been the winner.The assembly was somewhat confusing as others have noted but it is possible . Like a child , I was itching to use my new toy so I fired it up and cooked some fish which came out very good . I was n't used to such an efficient grill however so it was a little more done than I would have liked . After a month , I still do n't have the exact science down to this grill -LRB- in re temp -RRB- but that is the griller screwing up , not the grill.When all three burners are on high , within 10 minutes it is above 500 degrees making heating it easy and cleanup even easier . The only downside I have found is that everything but the handle gets fairly hot to the touch . Overall highly recommended and I trust it will last until I go for a Summit model !
 I 've had the Weber grill predecessor to this model , for almost 10 years now . It 's weathered the elements , and even the move to a different house.I ca n't even begin to estimate how many parties and get togethers have been hosted around this grill . Hundreds of pounds of fresh fish fillets , lobster tails , steaks , even burgers have been through this grill . I replaced the stock grills a couple years ago when they were exhausted , and installed stainless grills . I expect to get another 10 years , at least , from this grill . The heat distibution is even and consistent and excellently controlled . I 've been through a lot of grills , both charcoal and gas , and this one is ideal . It 's hard to beat !
 I recently chose this grill as an upgrade from my entry-level Char-Broil . I would agree with other reviewers ' comments on assembly time -- straightforward and should take no more than 30 minutes . Out of the box this is a solidly-built grill with a high-quality feel , even though technically the Spirit 310 is supposedly Weber 's entry-level gas model . The grill has a very fast pre-heating time , as it got up to 500 degrees in under 8 minutes with all three burners on high . I seared some pork chops as our first meal on the new grill , and was very impressed the results , although the grill 's heat retention caused me to slightly overcook the food -LRB- I will have to adjust to using a more efficient grill -RRB- . Overall , I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it for anyone looking for a versatile grill .
 Very good grill , I like the fact that you have a way to mesure the propane left in your bottle . Very good heat and even all across de grill
 I purchased the grill yesterday directly from the store . The grill is very well packaged , but is quite heavy to handle by yourself when you get it home . The grill takes a good 2 hours to put together , because the directions are mostly pictures with very little description . The directions do not quite match the parts as far as the number of nuts and bolts go . The washers that were provided for the smallest screws did not fit , so I did not use them . I am an engineer and I am still not confident that all of the screws are in the proper location . The two large wheels are very ackward to install . The metal end caps keep slipping off when you hammer them on . The parts overall fit together nicely , once you study the directions for a very long time . The Stainless Steel doors are nice , but due to the craftmanship of the grill overall , they do not look uniform on the front of the grill . I expected higher quality , even if this is not the top of the line grill from Weber . The grill heats up very fast and gets very hot , so turn it way down when first cooking . I burnt the first few items . I am happy with the grill at this point , and I hope that it will last more than a few years based on the reputation of Weber , but I am a little suspect . The guts of my Kenmore rusted away after just a few years , but it was a good grill .
 The grill is great , but the experience with amazon was terrible . The box it was shipped in arrived severely damaged . We decided to put it together - many components were bent or damaged , but my husband and his father were able to force it together - it took over 2.5 hours . Only after the last few steps was it truly obvious how damaged the grill was . The first call to amazon was made and we were told to put it outside as is and UPS would pick it up - they would n't , it needed to be in a box . The next call to amazon had them telling us an `` product specialist '' would call us back with instructions - no one ever did . During the third call we were informed we would need to repackage it and sent it back . My husband probably spent a minimum of 2 hours on the phone . At some point during all this Amazon sent another grill out - it arrived in even worse condition . UPS advised me to not accept it . We eventually sent the damaged -LRB- first grill -RRB- back and told then to not send another . My husband drove over to Home Depot and bought the same grill - it is in perfect condition . Today I received a email from Amazon saying another grill was on the way and we were going to be charged for it . Save yourself time and aggravation - buy it locally . Do not buy it from Amazon .
 Just got this grill yesterday from a competitors website . I got super lucky as they had it priced the same as the E-210 by mistake . So I was able to purchase it for 299.99 and they offered free shipping ! Low and behold they honored the price . They did change the price back to 399.99 the next day ... Anyhow it came in a huge box , thank god the deliver man was nice enough to bring it in my condo . Instructions say 30 minutes to put together for the average consumer , but I would say at least 45 minutes to 1 hour . Plus you do need a second person for 1 step . After assembling we fired it up and instant ultra hot heat !! This thing gets burning hot fast . We did some shortribs and salmon . They both did stick pretty good to the grates which was annoying , but I assume since it 's new it will take a few times of cooking before the stickiness goes away.Plus the only reason why I was `` forced '' into a gas grill was because my condo association did not allow me to use my Weber charcoal performer -LRB- great grill -RRB- by the way !! I am now actually happy they did force me to lose the charcoal because this grill definitely outweighs charcoal for convenience hands down . I used to occasionally burn food on my performer ... but I do n't see that ever happening with thisAlthough I got a screaming deal , I would recommend this over the E-210 simply because the 3 burners a must have for rotisserie and indirect cooking !!! I ca n't wait to buy a rotisserie unit , summer will be sweet !
 The Weber Spirit E-310 is the perfect size for most families who need a good , dependable grill . It has three separately controlled burners , two thermostat plastic work surfaces -LRB- one with built-in tool holders -RRB- , a condiment tray basket and a built-in thermometer . The Spirit E-310 also has Weber 's very dependable ignition system , which usually lights every time on the first try and will work for years . The Spirit E-310 also cooks very evenly across the entire gill , so you wo n't have the hot and cool spots commonly found on cheaper brands.The other great thing about the Weber Spirit E-310 is that it 's easy to assemble . You can assemble it in about 30-45 minutes . It took me about an hour , but that including time-outs while drinking my beet : - -RRB- I 'd recommend the Weber Spirit E-310 over the smaller , two-burner Weber Spirit you will run out of room too quickly . Keep in mind that the grill will last you 10 years and your needs may change . I also strongly recommend buying the custom Weber Premium Cover and using it on regular basis -LRB- especially during the winter -RRB- to prolong the life of your grill . I tried a cheaper cover which ripped about halfway through the winter . I should of save my -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks and applied to the Weber cover to start with.In conclusion , this grill cooks very evenly has the extra burner needed for indirect cooking and when you figure it will last for a good 10 years , you will save your self money -LRB- over buying a new cheapie grill every 2-3 years -RRB- ! Its a win , win , win .
 The grill was delivered three days earlier than promised . The box was in perfect shape and the grill was well packaged inside . Assembly took 45 minutes ; everything fit perfectly . The pictorial assembly instructions were a bit sparse , but very clear . I 'm really impressed with the construction quality of the grill and the use of tubular steel in all structural components . Now I can see why the thing weighs 120 lbs . It has some nice small features like the easily-removable drip pan , fuel level gauge , and magnetic door latches . The grill heats very quickly and the thermometer is easy to read . The ultimate performance of the grill is unfortunately now out of Weber 's hands , and is up to my cooking capability ; I hope I 'm up to the job .
 It took me nearly a year to decide on my replacement grill . I had a Weber years ago and it got damaged . I made a decision to try some other grills because they seem like I was getting a lot more for the dollar versus the higher cost of a Weber . It was a mistake as each of the grills -LRB- total of 4 -RRB- did not cook evenly , would flair up , and did n't hold up well.I keep my grill very clean and perform full system cleaning about 4 times a year . The grills did n't hold up well and within the first year , were showing serious wear and performance drop off.I did my research , including talking to people I know that love year round grilling as much as I do . Weber seem to be a common factor with those that were serious about grilling . I purchased the Spirit E-310 because of the heating element layout , easy of servicing , and cost/value . It took about 1/2 hour to assemble and all the parts fit with good alignment.I have now owned the grill for a year and have cooked over 80 times on it . It has delivered even heat that is reliable time after time . I have performed complete cleaning four times so far and the heat tubes , distribution plats , catch , and grate have held up very well and appear almost new looking . I did not cover any of the surfaces , such as using foil.I did get a Weber cook book , Grill Time , and have found it very helpful in determining the settings.By design , the catch tray is set low so flair ups from drippings do n't cause problems of burning the meat unless you open up the lid during a cook . The lid works well to distribution the heat evenly and this works well if you cook in zones.For the long haul , I have looked into replacement parts , and they are easy to find . As this is a very popular model and seems to have little change from year to year , I expect to be able to find replacement parts well into the future . My last Weber lasted 10 years and I rebuilt it two times . If it did n't get damaged , I would likely still be using it.I do n't think any person making the decision to purchase a Weber grill would have any regrets . With the high cost of meats , I do n't like chancing success on getting it right . With my Spirit E-310 , it has delivered outstanding results without failure . Great grill !
 This grill , while pricey , is very likely the best 3-burners grill you can buy . I decided to buy my 1st gas grill and just get the best.I have been using it for over three months now.Assembly
 The Weber 3721001 is pretty much the same grill as theWeber 3711001with one big difference
 Previously , I had been going through middle quality gas grills every 2 or 3 years , replacing burners , and lighters and trying to replace parts until I had to go out and buy another cheap grill and start replacing parts again in a couple years . I have owned this exact model of Weber Spirit for over three years without a problem of any kind . However , there are many similar Weber designs that tend to confuse - this is a hybrid Spirit line that I got at the big box home improvement store . Forget the stainless doors and/or shelves , different materials , different looks . I think the big differences between similar Weber Spirit grills are two vs. three burner , side burner and the LP gas tank inside or outside.ASSEMBLY AND MAINTENANCE - I do n't recall that the assembly was that difficult and all parts fit together fine . After three years there is absolutely no sign of rust or corroding parts . The grates and flavor bars are in great shape , as are the burners - and this is the cheaper of the Weber line of grills . I use a painter 's wire brush to vigorously clean the grates before every use and they still look like new . I wire brush the burners once a year to keep all the tiny holes open . The fact is that Weber grills just last and last.TEMP RANGE - On lowest burner setting it will go below 200 degrees for keeping things warm only and with all burners on high it approaches a hellish 600 degrees - ample range for anything I can cook up ! This unit also has three burners and that was important to me as it allows for smoother heat for baking using indirect heat -LRB- center burner OFF -RRB- . You really can use this bad boy just like an oven with precise temperature control.We use it summer and winter -LRB- it gets down below zero sometimes in PA -RRB- and it starts first time , EVERY time . Let me repeat that ... it starts every time ! Ironically , the grill even includes a long , stainless steel match holder hidden inside the lower storage area . That little gizmo SHOULD be included with every OTHER gas grill I have ever owned but I have never had to light this grill by hand . The piezo - electric starter is flawless in all weather and at all temperatures!ACCESSORIES - I use a generic rotisserie and it cooks roasts , pork loin , etc. to perfection on indirect heat . I bought the Weber grill cover and it is heavy duty and also still looks like new . Also , I just bought the Weber handle light and it is the coolest thing ever . Lift the lid , light goes on , lower the lid , light goes off with three LED 's very brightly lighting the entire grilling area.PROS - two warming racks inside the lid above the grill surface is very nice . EZ outside cleanup including removable burner knobs . Accurate LP tank gauge . It has a simple elegance , quality parts and a classy , understated look that says more than the big , cheap units with side burners , infrared heaters and thin stainless steel that are ready for the trash heap in three years.CONS - the casters and wheels are plastic but work fine for me . Please note - the LP gas hangs under the grill controls on the OUTSIDE of the unit . Even with the very nice grease catcher tray underneath , the storage area behind the stainless doors does not stay completely grease free . I would n't store clean , white towels under there!INTANGIBLES - This is not the first Weber I have owned - I had a portable Weber charcoal grill that lasted over 20 years ! Frankly , you can get many grills that look and seem very much like this Weber Spirit for half the price . But people who own Weber 's say they last much longer and they would be correct . They say the Webers make the food taste better and they would be correct . They say you push the button and the burners light right up . They say that owning a Weber means you want to serve tasty , perfectly cooked food that your guests will notice . In conclusion , do you wan na burn some burgers ? Fine , buy a cheap grill every three years . Want to take grilling to the next level , try some new ways of outdoor cooking , and look like a cookout guru while you are using the best gas grill in the world ? Just buy a Weber - period ! I do n't think you will be sorry and your friends will soon want a Weber too .
 After debating on spending so much money on a grill , I gave in and have not regretted it.I 've had this grill for 2 years now and it is still working perfectly . I ca n't say enough good things about it - it cooks evenly and the grill space is the perfect size . I do recommend buying the weber grill cover with it , since it fits it perfectly and has never blown off -LRB- a problem my mother has had with her generic grill cover for her weber -RRB- . Another added bonus is you will always be able to buy replacement parts for it -LRB- my mother has had hers for 14 years now and recently bought new grilling pieces -RRB- . The only bad thing is that this is self assembly , requiring 2 people -LRB- due mainly to the size/weight -RRB- . Overall the assembly was n't that difficult - took me and my sister about an hour . The grill I received had a dent in the main grilling part , which caused the doors to not stay on -LRB- and took up about 30 minutes of time trying to figure out what I was doing wrong -RRB- . My options were to send the entire thing back or deal with no doors . I 've dealt with no doors , which is n't an issue , but would have loved to not have struggled with trying to make them work .
 My first Weber gas grill I purchased in 1990 and tortured it for 19 years on our ranch in Nevada . I cooked a ton of food on it , rolled it 100 yards down our ranch driveway to the barn for parties , and back up again . It kept working and I only did minor repairs to it over the years.I needed another grill for our second home in a beach town in SoCal . So we were worried about rust because of the salt air . We looked at a lot of manufacturers but saw none with quality that matched the Weber . We figured that the rust would get this one quickly , we bout a lessor priced model and planned on replacing it every couple years . Now I think this one is going to last a lot longer than I orignally thought.What I quickly discovered is that the Spirit e-310 is as sound -LRB- if not more sound -RRB- than the original grill we bought nearly 20 years ago . With the inserted panels and doors underneath , the sturdiness of this grill is very apparent.Assembly
 I just bought a Weber Spirit E-310 . This is my second Weber in 34 year 's . I went with the entry level model as we are empty nester 's , but my first Weber lasted over 30 years . Yes , I did replace the grates and flavor-riser bars a couple of times . Do n't waste your hard earned cash on something else ... do yourself a favor and buy a Weber . Maybe they should pay me for this endorsement ! Have fun grilling and be safe .
 I just bought this at Lowe 's , and got a great deal on it . This grill is made solid . The grilling section comes all together . You put the wheels on and legs and side table.Oh yeah the doors too . I had fun putting it together . I dont thinks its worth -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks but its worth -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought a Spirit 310 to replace my Genesis Silver B that lasted 10 years . The Silver B finally died when the rails that hold the drip pan to the firebox rusted out -LRB- from lack of ANY cleaning of that part of the grill -- my fault -RRB- . I bought the 310 because it is functionally and design-wise as close to the the Silver B as Weber now makes
 Well made grill . I used it quite a bit . It does require a little assembly when you get it . I found it easy to put together .
 This will be my second Weber grill . My first Weber grill lasted seven years and I was very pleased with durability and cooking performance . We enjoy cooking from home and grill out at least 1 or 2 times a week . With this grill I was to get a little larger cooking space and move from 2 to 3 cooking burners . The extra cost of buying a Weber grill is well worth it as well . I had friend buy another brand just 2 years ago , and he is already having to replace it . So I definitely recommend the Weber brand.The new grill cooks great and having 3 burners I can now do some indirect heat cooking . The grill is very easy to start and the stainless steel looks great on the deck . The only compliant I have was the installation was a bit harder then I thought . The grill instructions say it should take about 30 minutes , but it took me about 90 minutes . The most troublesome part was getting the wheel base that support the cooking grill area to line up properly . Once this was done and secure however , the rest of the installation was very simple . I think this grill is excellent value for the price and performance .
 We just got this grill about 3 weeks ago , and so far so good ! Delivery was fast and arrived ahead of schedule . The grill was pretty easy to put together , although the directions said it would take 15 minutes and it took us more like one hour . Cooking on this grill is MUCH easier than our previous grill , which was a Charm Glow -LRB- horrible grill - never buy it ! -RRB- from Home Depot . We are pleased !
 I 'm a little puzzled by a few things . If this 3721001 has only two burners , as Edward has it , then that would make it an E-210 rather than an E-310 , no ? That 's the difference between the two models.Then I 'm wondering about the picture -LRB- here at Amazon.com -RRB- . It seems to be a hybrid , with black exterior aside from the lighter-colored -LRB- stainless steel ? -RRB- doors . Is that really what it looks like ? In all of Weber 's promotional material , the E-310 is supposed to have black doors . There 's an SP-310 which is all-stainless steel and much more expensive . It makes me wonder whether this is either an early prototype or a hybrid , which might even account for both the problems in assembly some people have had and the reduced price.Finally , I am very interested in the comments by Adam , lower down , about getting stainless steel cooking grates and Flavorizer bars . -LRB- Incidentally , there does not seem to be both porcelain and porcelain-enameled cast iron alternatives
 Have only had it a couple of days but it works great - heats quickly and evenly . First Weber , but I only payed 199.00 at Home Depot for this grill -LRB- was 1/2 off of regular 499.99 -RRB- . If you have good mechanical skills putting it together was not that bad even with the bad pictures that they give you for instructions . It took me about 45 minutes . Be careful not to over tighten the bolts and screws . The actual instructions are not quite the same as what it really takes to put it together . Would not recommend ordering on line as the box is not that great . Safer to buy locally as pointed out by several other posts . This came with porceline grates , but you can easily get cast iron or stainless after these wear out .
 I purchased this grill with one desire , to have a solid grilling machine at a reasonable price so the question is , did I get it?Answer
 People are always amazed when they see this plant on my patio . `` Is that real ? '' is one of the questions I get . Few can resist touching the fuzzy cattails to see if they feel as furry as they look.My chenille plant is in a hanging basket in a bright spot , out of direct sunlight . I 've had it for a couple years . I love it when it 's in lush bloom and the bright green leaves are full . It goes through cycles though when it looks thin and pale , and drops leaves and cattails -LRB- which is why I 'm giving it 4 rather than 5 stars -RRB- . It does n't do as well when the weather gets cold or if it is not watered regularly . But it always springs back to life.If you enjoy unique , interesting , colorful plants that attract attention , this would be a great addition to your home .
 I ran across one of these in a supermarket on the East Coast years ago , and fell instantly in love . I had no accurate information on what it as , or how to take care of it , so it died.These are excellent house plants , but do need to be cleaned up after regularly , as their some leaves and `` chenille blooms '' will wither and fall off after several weeks . They do require moderate attention to ensure that they are well watered and fertilized . They do the best in moderate sunlight , with a few hours of direct sunlight per day . I keep mine right next to a sliding glass door that gets about 4 hours of direct light per day.With good care , these plants are fabulous in hanging baskets and they bloom year round!BE CAREFUL ! If you have pets or young children , these plants ARE POISONOUS ! The leaves , stems AND blooms are all poisonous !
 I do n't know where I got this plant . But , here in Chicago , I brought it inside in winter and it made itthrough until Spring . A friend asked me for cuttings , which root in water , and now she has a nice sized one.That 's good , as , my son forgot to water while we were away and I may have lost mine.No problem ! I just got some cuttings from my friend which I am rooting in water .
 The seller called to confirm the color and the awning was mailed out quickly . We are just into the warm season and the shade has made a big difference & I can still look out to the view , unlike blinds or curtains . And the kitchen is cooler to work in during the afternoon .
 So far , I 've grown lettuce and gourmet herbs in the Aerogarden . The herbs had one failure -LRB- the cilantro -RRB- and the lettuce grew like gangbusters but did n't seem worth the trouble . Then I planted the French herb garden , wanting to have chervil and savory , among other herbs not commonly available at the grocery.The kit has chervil , sorrel , savory , parsley , Marseilles basil , sage and chives . All of these are quite useful . I might have substituted thyme for the parsley -- parsley grows pretty slowly and I think it is a waste in the Aerogarden as it 's commonly available in huge bunches at the market . But it is convenient to have this essential herb at your fingertips . Sad to say , one ca n't have rosemary or tarragon in the Aerogarden . Both of these are woody herbs and do n't really grow from seeds . But one can often find pots in the garden center . Maybe with an additional grow-light , I can add them to the kitchen garden . I wonder if the Aerogarden pods could someday be adapted to grow slips of plants like tarragon -LRB- shipped live . -RRB- All the pods germinated before the estimated time , including chervil which has the longest -LRB- 3 week -RRB- germination . The herbs are growing healthily and quickly . So far , this looks to be the most versatile of the sets I 've grown . My previous herb garden resides in a flower pot and is more or less humming along -- the basils and mint and chives are doing quite well in soil rather than hydroponics , though they were sulky when transplanted . I may keep this French garden growing indefinitely unless something more interesting crops up .
 all of the herbs germinated and grew just fine.I have been cutting and cutting for weeks now and none of them are faltering and I expect to continue having them all summer.It is very convenient to have fresh basil , cilantro , mint , parsely but unfortunately no chives since my cat has taken ownership of them and they are never higher than and inch.but i am sure they would have been good on my baked potato.bad cat!AeroGarden Gourmet Herb Seed Kit
 I have to agree with one of the other reviews that the kit does become `` Bushy '' and large for an aerogarden . I actually thought this might happen since I have grown String beans in an outdoor garden and have seen how big these plants can get . The size of the `` crawl '' and the overall size of the plants is much smaller than what you would see in an outdoor garden so do n't let the reviews put you off . The plant will hang over and spread , but so does my lettuce garden.As far as output goes my review is somewhat tainted with the fact that my pump gave out 3 months into growing and I did not figure this out until it was too late to recover . I harvested a decent sized bowl not too long into growing and the plant was covered with flowers -LRB- which obviously was going to produce more beans , much more actually -RRB- I do n't know what happened to the other reviewers but I got a decent harvest -LRB- and in hindsight I think I would have had much more -RRB- until my pump went out and killed the plant . Do I think I was going get $ 20 worth of beans ? Do you really think you get that from any of these kits ? I do n't . I like the fresh food and the fun of growing them . Then again with food prices , maybe you can get your money 's worth out of these kits , the healthy fair is a nice bonus too.I do recommend getting the trellis to help hold the plant up , the little wires that come with the kit are pretty much worthless.I hope my review helps others .
 We have Italian herbs ! Grew just as expected . We love it .
 i recd this for christmas and have used it for many things . i love it and had fresh lettuce for salads for the entire second half of winter and spring . i would recoment it for anyone that likes fresh food . no soil and it stays clean .
 One of the easiest of the kits to grow . The herb kits are also good .
 I started this seed kit four weeks ago . It started a little slower than the salad greens that I 've previously grown . It took three weeks before I could harvest a small amount , but now it 's growing fast . I think it 's doing better than the salad greens which I tried four times , always grew very leggy and did n't last two months . I 'm hoping the romaine will last longer . Although it 's fun and easy to grow , it 's way more expensive than buying organic from the store .
 So far we have grown herbs , lettuce , tomatoes ... always easy . Cleaning is easy . Purchased a 3rd party nutrient system and things really took off . I find it optimal to add water every other day , or some pods do n't get enough . Otherwise , slam dunk ! Great product , great company .
 This has been simply amazing . So fun to watch grow ! The seeds germinated within the first 24 hours , then the plants almost doubled in size daily . In less than 3 weeks , we had enough salad for two for dinner - and then 4 days later had another big bowl full ! This is supposed to continue for several months . I HAVE to go buy another AeroGarden so I can try the other seed kits while my lettuce keeps doing its thing !
 I love growing things and the full spectrum light from the aerogarden helps me fight off the touch of seasonal depression when the nights are so long .
 The seeds sprouted within 3 days just like it said and within a week tripled in size . Arugula is one of my favorite salad greens but I always have a tough time keeping them alive in my outdoor garden . So far it looks like the plants are going to thrive in the Aerogarden !
 Three of our seed pods started growing mold , but the company sent out replacements . The other plants have done quite well .
 My husband and I have both gotten hooked on our AeroGarden . It 's great fun to watch the plants grow every day , and my husband enjoys harvesting . There 's just two of us in our family , and this garden keeps us supplied with salad almost every day .
 I have enjoyed my Aero garden . Everything , I have planted in it has done very well . I never have to worry about pests that you normally get in an outside garden . It involves a little maintenance but its worth the fresh edible food it provides ! The romaine lettuce I recently planted has flourished well is large and tastes great . If you 've never owned an Aero garden then I would say its worth owning . Also , keep in mind that it 's light is shines bright most hours of the day and part of the night so find a place in your house you would n't mind the bright light . The garden , also provides a water trickling sound which is kind of zen .
 I got my areogarden as a gift a little over a year ago and was ecstatic . I live about 12 hours away from my family so when I go home for Christmas or any other trip that takes over a week of being away from my aerogarden it dies because I cant add the water.My aerogarden came with the general herb kit and I found out the only herb I used from it was basil , so when my first batch starved from a lack of water I decided to get the master gardener kit . Because of my obsession with basil i planted an entire 7 pods of basil . I could n't trim it back fast enough , I wound up tossing handfulls of basil because it was burning on the lights.Once again I had to starve my poor plants and go home for about a month , this time i planted only 2 basils and 5 flowers about 2 or 3 weeks ago and low and behold the basil is more than big enough to eat . None of the flowers have bloomed yet , but all are growing nicely.Honestly I want to buy another areogarden just to be able to play around with another master gardener kit . Its a very good value as well , $ 40 for 3 full rounds of plants -LRB- obviously you need to buy your own seeds -RRB- . I 've also heard that the dirt refills for the seed starter kit works with the master gardener kit too . 70 pods for $ 20 plus nutrients will get you 10 full rounds on a 7 pod areogarden . I love it ! ! ps . . I kill every plant I put in the garden . . i an the true black thumb . . so if i can do this anyone can
 I planted my basil kit just a few weeks ago . ALL plants are up and I 've even taken the caps off . This is the third crop I 've grown with my Aerogarden and I 've loved every one . Having fresh sweet basil in the winter is such a treat ! I know , this is not an inexpensive way to go , but the results are outstanding -- just to have that wonderful taste in my recipes . I 'll do it again .
 I am very happy with the chef pack , the salad greens are plentiful and I was able to pick which ones I wanted to start first and when these are done , I will plant the rest . I was happy to see the leaves are large not small and wimpy .
 Very pleased with product . Blooms in all colors . Grows for at least 6months . Buy it every Sept. .
 I started this seed kit a few weeks ago and it 's looking great . The basil has always had the easiest time growing and I like the different flavors of the basil . Very happy with it !
 This is the second year I have grown the cascading petunias . Last winter they were spectacular for months . I really like planting all of one kind of flower ; it makes for a dramatic display , right when you need some color in your life . This year they have sprouted just as easily and quickly . I ca n't wait for the blooms to start .
 You expect the product to be good . The cool thing was the shipping ended up being free and it only took a couple of days to get to us . Our total out of pocket was less than retail . Besides , we were hit with some major snow and did n't have to go out to get it ...
 I started my salad pack approximately 3 weeks ago and have just started to harvest . The kit includes 5 different kinds of greens . I mixed it up so I have several of each kind . Everything is growing nicely except for the baby greens . The one seed pod I planted has n't grown as well the others . The only thing that would make this better is to be able to grow the tomatoes and the greens together but according to the directions you 're not supposed to do that . Its so nice to have fresh salad greens in the middle of the winter !
 Using the AeroGarden and seed kits is a foolproof method to garden . The seeds sprouted as advertised , and the fresh basil is delicious . I only wish the kits gave me the ability to choose my own combinations .
 ... if you do n't own an AeroGrow get one . The Chili Peppers are `` exciting '' to watch grow ! And a great product to spice things up with !!
 I love these seeds . I just cut some off and whip up a great salad anytime . It is fun growing my own greens right on my kitchen counter .
 The seeds sprouted in two days -- all of them -- and I had harvestable greens in two weeks , though not enough for a whole salad . Now , at three weeks , I 'm able to pick enough greens to make salad for two every couple of days .
 This product was very nice , The pods all sprouted before or on the listed germination date . They are continuing to grow very fast . They have not produced peppers for me yet but that is not their fault . It 's just not time yet for harvest . But when they do I suspect I will get more than I want/need so I will share with neighbors .
 The product is everything it claims to be . We were able to begin harvesting most of the herbs within 4 weeks and we were able to continue harvesting them for close to 6 months . Delicious .
 The AeroGarden had been so fun to use , and the Salad Chef Pack is especially gratifying in that I can just pluck a few leaves and put it on a sandwich or make a small salad . The grandkids think this is just the best idea ever . I purchased the AeroGarden for my father who has been a gardener for years . He still loves the outdoor activity of his garden -LRB- at 92 -RRB- but is having a good time with this as well . He shows his great granddaughters how it works , shows them when the plants start growing , has them help harvest , and makes tasty treats for them . Now , how much more fun could you want ?
 WOW is all I can say . My dreams have come true with my Cherry Tomato kit for indoor tomato 's just growing crazy and most of all it is fun to see them progress.Once they end and are spent I plan on replacing them again with the Cherry Tomato Kit as nothing is like a cherry tomato right off the vine!Happy as all can be ; -RRB-
 Well , this is the kit I tried first , and the back row of plants & center front are doing the best . Both basils shoot right out of their pods . The Dill and Cilantro are growing tall , and there is lots of mint , but it is tiny . The chives are looped back into the sponge & have yet to try to stand up straight , and the Oregano is sprouting within the sponge , but has yet to come out of hiding . And this is at the beginning of week 2 . I believe I could probably harvest a little basil at the end of week 3 . The big question is , where is the Parsley ? People have suggested they substitute Parsley for Oregano . I 'd rather they replace the Red Rubin basil . I have recipes with oregano , but none specifically calling for purple basil . However , I never tasted the stuff , so I may change my mind once I do . Hopefully they included it becase of taste and not for looks.This is an easy , low maintenence kit . You only have to refil the water bowl when the water gets low & add 2 nutrient tablets every 2 weeks . It comes with 2 starter nutrients , 2 sprouting nutrients & 12 regular nutrient tablets They ask you to place the pods in the order they came in the box . Possibly because of slightly variable light levels . The light is on 17 hours and it only waters when the light is on for this setting.Parsley will be part of both the Italian & French herb kits that will be available in September .
 What is great about the Salad Greens Seed Kit is the AeroGarden . The instructions make everything very easy and it has been such a pleasure to watch the tiny seedlings pop up . Watching the greens leaf out , waiting for them to grow large enough to start harvesting was such a pleasure and then to snip off leaves right in the kitchen to toss into our salad bowls was a real treat - and healthy ! We are now watching baby herbs sprout !
 I am now on my second round of herb kits and for this batch , I purchased three kits and mixed the pods to make my fall/winter mix
 I am now on my second round of herb kits and for this batch , I purchased three kits and mixed the pods to make my fall/winter mix
 Aerogardens are amazing . With very little effort you can grow fresh herbs and produce right in your own kitchen , or anywhere else in your house for that matter . Overall Aerogarden offers a great line of seed pods however with that being said , most Aerogarden owners are at some point going to be tempted to plant something that is n't available and that is where the Master Gardener Kit come into play . It really opens up the world of indoor gardening by allowing you to plant your own seeds . We wanted to plant catnip as not only do we have multiple cats , so does everyone else in my family . I also am a big Bonsai tree aficionado and this kit allows me to use my Aerogarden to start my Bonsai seedlings . This kit gives you a year 's worth of seed pods and nutrients.The bottom line - Aerogardens are great but they would be severely limited if it was n't for the Master Gardener Kit . This kit really opens up the world of indoor gardening . A must have for every Aerogarden owner !!
 Definately worth the money . 7 reusable pods and 21 grow sponges . 54 small nutrient tablets and 48 large nutrient tablets which can grow plants for a year . Compare this to the extended nutrient tablets packs for $ 15 for 3 months or consider that the $ 20 herb kits are designed to last 3 months and you can clearly see the value of these kits . The fact that you can choose seeds you want to grow and not be stuck with a couple of unwanted pods is great .
 every pod but one developed when it says that all of them should budthe rest are growing like crazy ... so its almost perfect ...
 Well , this is my fourth garden for my Pro-100 , and so far I have more herbs than I can use . The Basil always seems to do well , and this garden is no exception . Tons of basil!The Cilantro has done better in this garden than it has ever done for me . The parsley is growing nicely . The only herb in this garden not doing so well is the chives , but to be honest I never use them anyway.Overall this is a great garden , if you are growing it , just keep pinching the tops of the basil off instead of raising the light , until all of the herbs catch up with the basil . Otherwise you might have trouble with the mint and cilantro.Overall , this garden has been worth the money for me . You can buy more herbs for the money at the store , but then again there is a convenience factor with these gardens . You will always have some herbs available when you decide to cook a certain meal , without going to the store .
 I have two aerogardens , one with chili peppers , and one for tomatoes . Both are doing well , but have not reached the sprouting time yet , for this batch -LRB- I have grown herbs before , which did great -RRB- . I have a few more weeks to go , but am looking forward to them .
 This is a great product and now we have herbs and peppers all year , without having them eaten by birds .
 5 out of the 7 grew fine , but the Cilantro and the Dill have n't sprouted the least . It 's been a month and they look great , too . The Chives sprouted the quickest and it 's huge now ! We tried the herbs just to test the unit and the AeroGarden is doing all the work . This lil ' booger is sweet !
 I purchased these and was replacing ones that I previous had in there , because I was moving several hours away from my current house and did n't want to try and travel with a full Aerogarden . Every single seed has germinated and the plants look really healthy , they are starting to get flowers on them now , the only negative that we see is that we also use Cilantro in our salsa mix and if this had a Cilantro section that we could use would make it 10X better .
 I bought this for my son and daughter in law for christmas and they just love it ! They said it was so easy to use and they love seeing the growing plants in the dead of winter and ca n't wait to start tasting ...
 Got this salad packet since one of my New Year 's resolution was to make more healthy/organic green stuff for the family -LRB- loose weight -RRB- . In one day , it started to grow . Seems like each time I go by & look , it 's growing . I ca n't wait to taste it . Will update once I eat the first salad from it .
 I planted the first mixed set two weeks ago , and so far everything is coming up well except for the arugula which is kind of stunted . The salad greens , mesclun , and romaine are all doing great . I think that the arugula might still catch up . So far I would recommend the set .
 We 've been lucky with the herbs , so far . They grow well and we grow enough of them to have all the herbs we want , when we need them . We find it difficult to grow tomatoes and impossible to grow them in any significant quantities . Everything else is in-between . We never tried flowers but we might this coming summer because we have a real outdoors garden that produces everything we need during the summer months.So , go with the herbs , young or post-young woman or man : -RRB- The basils are fantastic and we got good oregano and arugula too .
 Tomatoes are growing as stated . Everyting is fine so far . Product is a bit pricey . That is the only negative I can see .
 I have used the aerogarden for 3-4 years now and always have good luck with the Basil seed kit .
 We 've previously used other aerogrow seed pod kits and have been pleased with the product . The the most recent purchase and results of the salsa garden kit have been as predicted , all plants are growing well and healthy .
 The perfect solution for urban dwellers who enjoy growing herbs indoors with a minimum amount of space & care . Also nice for suburbanites who want freshly grown herbs at home year round .
 This was a gift for my elderly father who loves to garden but can not here in Upstate NY in the winter months . He had not troubles inserting and spacing the `` pods '' - I do n't think it could be more simple . No mess no fuss . Perfect .
 Although quite tasty and very prolific I found the greens somewhat `` soft '' , my husband who dislikes salad greens normally however liked the texture . I only used three of the greens and still have to eat a salad every other day to keep up with the growth .
 Love my aero garden and all that I have grown so far.I am excited to have fresh green beans . The lettuceand herbs are super and the lettuce makes it so Ican have the fresh taste without pesticides . No tillingthe garden , just grown at home and Aero is greaton customer service .
 The AeroGarden is an excellent product . The Romaine lettuce seeds I am reviewing are doing very well so far . Not so for the Cherry tomato seeds . The several batches of Cherry Tomato seeds I have gotten will only grow so far and then seem to grow extremely slowly . None have produced any fruit . I am doing much better with Micro Tom tomato seeds I have purchased from a seed company . I do highly recommend the Romaine lettuce seeds however .
 The 4 stars is so you are not disappointed with the lettuce , it 's pretty soft and limp although tasty !
 There 's nothing like home grown and without having the mess of dirt and bugs these salad greens are wonderful . I harvest them months at a time and we are spoiled by the wonderful flavors . If you do n't own an Aero Graden I say buy one now and start your garden . They grow so fast , too !
 I 'm not a gardener and would never pretend to know anything about growing anything . In fact , I 'd say everything I 've tried to keep alive or grow fails miserably.My wife wanted to have her own herb garden and she also did n't seem to have the knack or patience to grow herbs properly . I have to say as of this review we 're two weeks in and the results are incredible . Certain pods are growing faster than others but it seems like they all sprout and grow freakishly fast . We 'll see how they taste when it comes time to harvest . Good luck !
 My husband loves having salad greens so I thought he would be pleased when I bought this . However , at first glance he thought it was n't going to produce enough lettuce for the huge salads he likes to eat and he said he wished I had bought herbs instead like we did last time . So far we 've harvested twice and the taste of the lettuce has been lovely . The first harvest was small , enough to decorate the side of two plates . The second salad was much larger , enough for two American style side salad plates . The chef pack comes with enough pods to grow an Aerogarden full of lettuce twice . I pulled off some lettuce for a sandwich once , and that seems like a good use of this thing -LRB- concerning the volume issue -RRB- .
 This product worked really well in my Aerogarden . All of the first seven pods has bloomed . I will definately buy more of this product to use again .
 This is growing fine but I have the 3 pod model and the tomato plant is so tall that it is burning itself on the light . It said this plant was compatible with the 3 pod model but I 'm not so sure ...
 I `` planted '' the pods about a month ago in my Aerogarden . First time I 've used the garden . In a few days green shoots appeared . By 2 weeks they were little plants . Last week I was able to harvest the first of the crop . Good tasting , easy to grow , always ready . A great buy . The instruction booklet that came with the pods covers everything I ned to know about growing basil . A very good deal
 I received kit as expected . It was on time with no problems . Ca n't comment on the growing the seeds yet as I 've only had a few weeks but started out well !
 My only reservation is that I had no choice on the specific type of basil plants I receive . Some of the ones in the kit are not ones I am interested in .
 This is a great product . Not to mention it is at a discounted price , which we all love . I would recommend this seller time and again simply for the ease of purchase and the quick shipping .
 Seed kit arrived quickly and my plants are currently growing strong . Ca n't wait to begin the harvest !
 This growing system sounds amazing and perfect , esp living in the desert.I hestitate to buy now , because I want to grow just ONE type of basil , Chives -LRB- which are very difficult to find and grow here -RRB- parsely , dill , oregano and thyme . Why are n't there any kits with oregano or thyme ? Or do they not work with this system ? Any info would be much appreciated . Thanks , Pam
 I purchased the Aerogarden system and a few kits last year . On Jan 1st 2009 I took out the remnants of the herb kit and planted the Salsa Garden kit . This particular kit has several extra steps - plant selection , pruning , growth stabilization , and pollinating . I will mention each in detail here to help others . The herb gardens are the easiest - just cut off what you need as you go , once mastered you might find yourself wanting to try something else . Salsa Garden and other kits like this - i.e. Chili Pepper , Cherry Tomato , Snow Peas , Green Beans , etc. - will require a few more steps . These steps are the main changes for Salsa kit vs Herb kit .1 . Plant Selection - With the Salsa Garden , you must first make a selection of the plants themselves . After several days of growth you will see the small sprouts . There will most likely be more than one sprout in each pod - you must cut back to just one plant per pod . There will be only 3 pods total in this kit - 1 pepper , 2 tomato . There will be spacers to fill in the other pod slots , this will allow growth of these plants . Plant selection is important , so make sure not to let those extra sprouts keep growing - doing so will eventually overrun your pod space .2 . Pruning - This kit 's instruction uses the 5th branch system . Read that section carefully before your first pruning . Then afterwards you will continue to prune throughout the life of the plant - to prevent growth to close to the lightbulbs and to trim wandering branches that are unable to reach the light . Eventually those branches will die and you can cut them afterwards if you accidently forget to prune them earlier . You will continually get dead leaves , especially near the base of the plant - do not fret , this will happen a lot as the outer edge of the plant gets more of the light .3 . Growth Stabilization - This kit will eventually require a string or twine , etc. . After your plant grows big enough , the weight of the plant will eventually cause it to begin leaning over , especially after fruit / vegetables begin to appear . Each plant will need a string to stabilize it to the light post at the back of the Aerogarden . I personally used 3 nylon strings that I removed from a shopping mall bag 's handle , similar to that of an athletic short 's draw string . You can also get twine or other thick strings , like yarn , from almost any hardware store , crafts store or supermarket . Some other sets like Green Bean kits have their own support devices , but for the Salsa kit you must provide your own - so be prepared .4 . Pollinating - This might be the easiest step ... or possibly not . As each plant begins to flower , pollination by bees or insects will not be likely . As per the instructions , you must gently shake the plants to cause the pollen to move about and eventually end up on one of the other flowers . Read this section carefully about how vigorously you should or should not shake the plants - in my oppinion , not very much if at all . I tried this step and it worked fine for the tomatoes , but not the peppers . After several waves of blooms appeared on the mini jalapeno plant still no amount of shaking worked . Eventually I tried to shake a little harder , which did n't work and also caused many of the under leaves to fall off . My advice - use a feather . This is n't the most practical method , but it works . When you see several blooms open at once , lightly brush the interior of the first flower - then the second , third , etc. . Do not forget to come back and brush the first flower again at the end of the cycle . The pollen will stick to the feather then stick back onto a different flower - similar to the hairs on an insect 's legs and body . You may have trouble finding a feather - which I recommend using a very clean one at that . DO NOT grab a feather from a your yard that came from a wild bird or from a farm animal . You sure do n't want lice or other problems in your house . Try a crafts store or you can pull the feather out of a cheap household duster.My final opinion , the tomatoes grow easily and without much trouble except for the stabilization . The peppers on the other hand stabilize well enough and keep themselves fairly self pruned at the base , but pollinating these bad boys can be a little bit of a trick at first . Overall this was a fun kit and it produced all the way until the end , eventually I ran out of nutrients and decided to remove the plants . If I had n't , they 'd be still going . I got about 5 months of produce - which over time was a lot , but I only got 2 or 3 tomatoes at a time or 1 pepper at a time for lots of those weeks in between . This was fun , but may not be for everyone . If you mastered the herb kit , then this would be an interesting next step . On the other hand if you had trouble with the herb kit , then you might want to pass on the Salsa Kit .
 There is a lot of detailed information in some of the reviews below , so I wo n't repeat what they have to say . However , my experience overall is excellent and while it 's true different plants grow at different rates , the output of this thing is prolific . I cut the herbs every few days and give away a lot . It grows right back and the taste is delicious . The lettuce from the lettuce kit is also very good and I have found the company to have excellent customer service , documentation on their products , etc. . While this unit is n't prefect , I ca n't imagine it being much better . I am seriously considering getting a second one because I am so happy with the results .
 I have owned my Aerogarden since last Christmas . The first thing I planted were the herbs . The dill grew the best . The others did very well except the chives , which only sprouted about a dozen . Next , I planted the romaine , I had one that did n't sprout , but it grew for well over four months , and every time I pruned it , I extended the life a little longer . Now , I have the chili peppers , and they are huge!I have a very brown thumb , and was dubious as to whether I could make this work . It has far exceeded my expectations . A few things to note from the other reviews ... . A good dose of common sense serves well here . Some seeds do n't sprout . This is true in EVERY type of garden no matter what you do . While annoying , the yield is still so bountiful , that it is well worth the money . Growing the chili peppers , I now understand why you only get three tomato plants . This probably should have been the case for the peppers as well . The large plants are overshadowing the super hots , and the root systems are incredible . I have found that I need to add water every few days now since the plants have gotten so big they are drinking a lot more.Finally , one of the biggest keys I have found is diligent pruning . Every time I pruned my herbs , they got even fuller . The same is true of the romaine , and one of the most important things to remember with the peppers is shake the plants daily to pollenate them.For those who expect this product to `` work perfectly '' and require no effort whatsoever , you may be a bit disappointed . With a little effort , and some good old fashioned TLC this system works beyond my greatest expectations . When I think of how much money I have spent on fresh herbs through the years , even a plant that does n't sprout now and then is tolerable when the yield of all the others is so good.I would recommend this system to anyone . I am very very pleased !
 These herbs are too young to taste yet , but they are coming along ! I previously grew the salad greens , which thrived , but were n't as handy as having fresh herbs growing , especially when one considers the high prices of fresh herbs at the grocery store . I am just trying to be patient and check out the growth on a daily basis .
 My gourmet herb kit came with basil , mint , chives , dill , thyme , and parsley , but I refer to it simply as my basil garden . The dill sprouted late , grew one anemic stalk , and then keeled over dead . The mint likewise made a meager appearance before turning brown . The thyme and chives were small but enjoyable , and I had given up on the parsley before it finally flourished and seasoned a few meals.But OH MY GOD DO I HAVE BASIL ! I 've trimmed it aggressively many times , only to have it return bigger and bushier and beating out the other herbs for light . I celebrated the fresh basil for a while , but now I stuff it unceremoniously into ziplocs and store it in the freezer until one day when it will all become pesto.Judging from mine and other reviewers ' experiences , the aerogarden produces imperfect and unpredictable results -- but it has been fun to have fresh , growing herbs within my lightless apartment even if the outcome was not as planned . I look forward to trying other seed kits .
 These refills are currently growing into healthy , beautiful tomato plants in my kitchen . They were delivered early and are growing right on schedule . I love them !
 I did the starter kit -LRB- parsley , dill , basil , purple basil , cilantro , chives -RRB- . It takes a while for everything to emerge , but worth the wait.The cilantro grew like crazy - it practically had a tree trunk coming out of its pod and stole the light from poor little parsley . I think the dominant plant effect depends on 1 -RRB- the position of the plants in relation to each other , and 2 -RRB- where the nutrients land when you throw them in . It 's a good thing that the cilantro took over since it goes well it lots of different types of dishes -LRB- Thai , salsas , etc. -RRB- . Both the green and purple basil are full of flavor and make a kickin ' pesto sauce . Do n't harvest the basil too early or it gives up.The mint is a great garnish for mint chocolate chip milkshakes and is perfect for mojitos .
 I love my Aero Garden . This is my second crop . We are growing seven different kinds of basil . The seeds germinated within three days . We expect to begin harvesting in another week or two . I have requested an additional Aero Garden for my Mother 's Day present . I 'll use that on to grow salad greens .
 This system is no muss , no fuss and the herbs are wonderful . I have a `` black '' thumb and they grow for me ! Highly recommended for those who want fresh herbs for their cooking .
 I am enjoying this purchase so well that I bought one for my mom . I love fresh herbs and am so tired of buying them at the grocery and having them go bad before I can use them . This way I can have them fresh all year even in the winter ! This is great since I live in Ohio.There is a good number of alternative kits at their website.I have purchased the Mexican herb kit also.The original kit that came with the garden is growing very well and will be ready for harvest in a couple of weeks.Very easy to set this up and care for.Mine is located in a dark corner of my dining room . It brightened up that room and easy accessed from the kitchen.It does have an on time of 16 hours , but I have it set to go off at bedtime and it comes on early morning.I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it highly for anyone who likes to grow their own herbs or lettuce etc. . .
 very happy with it . My husband and I use herbs from it frequently . It produces so much we have had to trim and freeze some of the leaves for later use .
 My cherry tomatoes came up in 3 days and they are doing very . This would be a fun kit for children .
 finally I can grow things ! I am not a green thumb by any means , but they made these so easy ! -LRB- pretty much idiot proof -RRB- :P price is a bit steep though ...
 I have used this herb kit three times . I have also used other herb kits , but this one is my favorite . The herbs grow very well , although I have had problems with the dill . The garden lasts for about six months , any season . It is great for someone like me who does not have a lot of yard space to garden , nor a green thumb ! It 's easy , fun , and makes most of your meals taste fresh !
 I 've loved everything about this product . I 've bought 2 of them and always have some fresh herbs , peppers , or flowers .
 Ca n't wait to get my first cherry tomatos , so far they are growing like the book states .
 Let me start by saying my business plaza has an abnormally strong Sewer Gas odor emitting from the roof vents for some reason ! Our roof sewer vent stack is very close to our rooftop A/C unit , so our A/C was sucking in the sewer gas ! So , I originally purchased the Sweetfilter Commercial II for 4 '' Pipes : Septic Odor Sweetfilter II CommercialThe Sweetfilter II unit worked temporarily , but the odor was too powerful for it to handle.So , Sweetfilter provided excellent customer service and allowed me to return the Sweetfilter II for this larger unit . This product holds 3X the Oxpellet filter media compared to the Sweetfilter II , and has a reducer to fit 4 '' pipe . This product is really doing a great job to eliminate our extremely foul sewer odor!So , if you have a very severe sewer odor , BUY THIS UNIT !
 I paid about $ 10 for this item . I was so nervous that it was going to be for a doll house when it arrived . But it is great . WARNING
 We bought this set as a birthday gift for our grandaughter . We could not be more pleased with the construction and appearance of this little outfit . It just takes a minute to set up as well take down for storage . We are happy customers .
 I have been a gardner both inside and outside for years . Canna for hydro is the best I have used in 10 yearsand I am going to stick with it .
 This is a very well built grill that stands up to the harshest environments while in storage and performs above expectations during grilling . This grill is perfect for vending and catering because of the multiple configurations , attachments , and accessories that are available for use with this unit . My grill is currently mounted to a trailer for towing to major events and vending . Grill is so sturdy and solid you hear nothing rattling when being pulled down the road . Heats evenly and consistently throughout cooking . Takes 2 propane tanks that hang from the back of the unit . Recommendation , go to the Crown Verity website and view all of the other items that are made to be used with this unit . You will not be disappointed .
 These lights are not for illumination , just for marking the edges of a driveway or walkway . They look very well , in a Mission-like design . The solar cells work well and seemed to collect enough energy for lighting up at night , even after a cloudy day . I no longer worry about driving into a ditch while turning into my driveway at night .
 This appears to be a good gauge , although a little unorthodox in design , which will make for a good conversation issue if it works properly . I do n't know yet about the performance , since it has n't rained here since I put it outside . It 's all plastic so I hope it will hold up in the sun .
 After ordering some other pots on Amazon that we 're no where close to how they were depicted online , I was a little gun shy about ordering again but was not disappointed this time . These pots are very nice and exactly as shown on the web site .
 I purchased one of the snow plow shovels about three years ago at a local menards store . It is one of the best snow shovels I have ever owned . Although it is not real good in heavy wet snow or drifting snow , it is excellent in the drier , light and fluffy snow we get here -LRB- northern Wisconsin -RRB- for most of the winter season . It will clear up to 5 or 6 inches of that type of snow with ease . I am looking for another of these shovels as my neighbor has been watching me use mine and wants one too .
 Best snow removal tool I have ever owned , Steve I will buy yours , please contact me.My neighbor used mine and wants one , but he can , t find one anywhere .
 We live in Colorado and have several snow shovels , an industrial snow pusher and a power snow blower . Everyone in my family argues who gets to use this SnowPlow pusher - it is simply the best , most cleverly made snow moving tool ever created . Both the angle of the handle mounted BEHIND the c - shaped blade and the angle of the blade itself -LRB- pushing the snow to the side while you walk straight ahead -RRB- makes it extremely efficient . Makes snow removal for driveways and sidewalks effortless and fast.Not sure why no one is selling these anywhere for the past year because there is nothing that comes close to working this well.If ANYONE knows where to find these treasures - PLEASE let us know ! I could sell hundreds in my neighborhood alone!Please Amazon - find these gems and sell them again ! AAA + + +
 Looking to buy more of these snow pushers for gifts . Have one and live in Northern Iowa . Fastest way to move smaller amounts of snow . You just walk back & forth flipping it over at each end . I have friends and relatives who want one . We ca n't find them anymore . I got mine at Menards about 3 years ago . It is great !!
 I want one !!!! I have been watching Amazon for almost a year now and this item has not been available . I live in Upper State New York . We know about snow ! I have a snow blower , as do most all of my neighbors with the exception of Frank across the street . Frank has the Ames True Temper Snow Plow . He can do his driveway in half the time and with a whole lot less effort than any of us who have the $ 1000 + snow blowers . Frank has had his snow Pusher for years . I call it a pusher because that 's what you do - you push the snow like a snowplow . The you flip the pusher over and go back the other direction . Frank ca n't remember where he bought it - `` Some hardware store '' , he says . I 've searched the internet for hours and I can find it reviewed in many places but I ca n't find anywhere that sells it.Please Amazon , search out and locate a supplier for this snow pusher . If you offer it again , I 'll buy 10 just so I can resell them to all my friends and neighbors . I guarantee I 'll make a profit no matter what the cost .
 This is a great product for the money . I do think a clear plastic covering would be more effective . The item arrived very quickly . When assembling I noticed a few puncture holes that occured in the packing/shipping process . They were not large enough to bother with returning .
 This is an excellent little greenhouse for the price . It even has two windows that can open or be closed with the attached velcro for cross-ventilation . Not hard to put together either .
 My 8 month old son loves this toy . He is learning cause and effect concepts . It 's simple enough for him to understand how to press down the top to get the cute butterflies and lady bugs to spin around and land in the holes . It 's entertaining and easy to carry along , with all parts safely enclosed ... nothing to lose ! I love this toy because no batteries are required ... just kid power . It 's just back to basics for an entertaining simple spinning top type toy .
 We have had several of this type of toy over the years by different companies
 I work in a preschool and Childcare center . We have these in our infant and toddler rooms and they are a huge favorite with the children . They are super fun and like a previous post said , easy to take along and no parts to loose or choke on . They are easy enough to push on for smaller babies to make the spinner work . The only reason I gave this four instead of 5 stars is because it is so LOUD ! We put them away when the babies are sleeping so that the children who are awake ca n't play with them . Great toy for playtime , not so great if you have one awake and one trying to sleep .
 Bought this as one of many Christmas presents for 8 month old grandson , and it was by far his favorite !!
 I was really unsure about this toy when we received it as a gift for my 6 month old son , but he loves it . The push thing on top is too hard for him to push himself but that does not stop him from loving this toy . He kicks it , rolls it on the ground and shakes it to get the balls to move on the inside . He also has another toy that is similar that he can push down and he still prefers this one . It is great when we were teaching him to sit up because we could put it between his legs and it gave him motivation to continue to sit . It 's durable and can go anyway which is a big plus . Overall it 's a great toy !
 This is a fun toy for our daughter . At 8 months she struggles to push down on the top , but she loves to watch it go . She also likes to try to push it . The duration of the spin is perfect . Long enough to hold her attention , but not so long to be annoying . The colors are also wonderful . They have this toy at our library and it 's a HIT .
 I loved the lady bugs and butterflies in this one . Our 6 month old also loves to see the bugs go round in this top . -LRB- not for parents who hate `` noise '' -RRB-
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 5 mos . Then , she could n't figure out what to do with it so she watched in amazement as the balls rattled around . Now at 6 mos , she ca n't quite depress the handle but she is trying and in the meantime she enjoys rolling it and shaking it .
 I got this for my daughter at 3 months . I worked out great with tummy time . She is 7 months now and still enjoys it . She ca n't do it on her own yet but she likes watching/helping Mommy do it .
 My 8 month old loves this toy . He is just starting to learn how to make it spin by himself , but has enjoyed watching other people make it spin , pushing it around on the floor , & chewing on the handle . It also distracts him well when he is fussy .
 A very fun and sturdy toy ! It reminds me of the olds spinning tops of yesteryear I used to play with : -RRB-
 My one year old daughter loves picking this up and then spinning it . I got the idea from daycare so now she has one of her own !
 Our 9 month old Grand-Daughter LOVES it ! She is working hard to master the coordination to make it spin on her own . Some things never go out of favor with the young ones !
 Great toy for a little one . Easy to use . I bought it for a one year old . I like that it sits up by itself .
 It 's hard to beat this adorable top . Lots of sensory stimulation in a safe and easy-to-push top for your little one . The butterfly and flower motif is visually engaging . Great play value .
 My 9 month old loves this toy . Before he got the hang of pushing the lever down to spin the balls , he would roll it on the floor and crawl after it . It keeps him entertained and he keeps coming back to it . Also , there are no loose parts or pieces to lose , which I appreciate . Great toy !
 We have a 27 ' round pool , and the 50 watt Nitelighter is just right for us . It lights up the whole pool , with the middle of the pool being brighter and the light falling off some on the sides . 27 ' is probably the max size pool size you would want to use it for . We like the more subtle lighting rather than having one that it too bright . The box with the switch feels sturdy and mounts well . So far , very satisfied .
 Light works great , and was easy to install . I would like to see an O ring seal added to the lens cover for a better water barrier . Very pleased with purchase .
 These are economical safety glasses that are relatively comfortable , and not prone to fogging up . Made of light weight plastic , the rounded lenses are very clear , and do not distort your vision . Relatively low profile for safety glasses , they are not obtrusive to your field of view . The ear pieces are wide at the hinges making for a secure solid connection . The fame will ` give ' if impacted , to help transmit force , and reduce the chances of breakage , and injury . While these MSA glasses provide good physical coverage of the eyes , there is still adequate air flow to discourage fogging.Like most safety glasses , depending on the wearer , the fit may not be the greatest . Key contact points are the bridge of the nose , and the top of the ears . If your nose is small and narrow , the glasses will probably rest on your cheeks , and ` float ' off your nose . For some , the hard plastic earpieces may be uncomfortable or pinch . These glasses are not suitable for those that wear prescription glasses . It is stated that the glasses meet the ` requirements for OSHA and ANSI high impact ' , though no specific sections or articles are referenced . If you want one , buying from Amazon is highly recommended .
 The glasses wrap around well and are light weight . I wear contacts and use them when doing certain chores around the house .
 I am very pleased with those glasses . They are solid , light weight , very comfortable & they fit perfectly .
 Finally ! Science . Style . Together in one lab !! These puppies are super light , fit comfy and close , and are n't too ` hard on the eyes . ' heh heh heh ... . ahem .
 I 'm really pleased with these safety glasses . I bought them for my microbiology lab after wearing a different pair and consistently going home after lab with a headache . These are much more comfortable than other glasses I 've tried and they are actually pretty stylish . Good price , too .
 Excellent fit , light , cheapest , and best all around safty glasses , , , better than those going for $ 20.00 and up .
 This is a good patio umbrella for the price . The diameter of the pole is larger than other umbrella 's so be careful when buying a stand .
 Love this umbrella and it looks great on our deck . But , the pole is much larger than the holes in most tables or stands so make sure it will fit before you purchase .
 Sent this wind chime to a friend who loves dragonflies . She reports that it is absolutely beautiful hanging inside where the sun shines on it . All the colors are amazing . Recovery from major surgery will be easier with such a beautiful piece of art to view .
 I am very pleased with the dragonfly suncatcher I ordered . It seems to be well made and the colors are vibrant . My daughter-in-law is a dragonfly freak and I got this for her for Christmas and she is gon na LOVE it !!!
 The mobile was beautiful and was packaged properly so I was able to take it on a long flight with me and it did not break.Note that the metallic parts are copper colored and not silver colored .
 bought this for a Christmas present a few years ago for my aunt , so far she is still enjoying it , great packaging product description was correct
 This butterfly mobile is beautiful . So colorful and cheerful . It hangs in a pool area under a covered deck and reflects the sun from every angle . Love it !
 This was a Christmas gift and she absolutely loved it ! It went very nice with her collection of wind chimes on her porch .
 Got this item as a gift for my mom . She absolutely loves it . Very nice addition to the backyard . : -RRB-
 ORDERED THE POND MINI-VAC , RECIEVED IT IN ONLY A FEW DAYS . WORKS GREAT FOR SOMETHING SO SMALL.I WOULD N'T USE IT FOR A VERY LARGE POND.WHEN THE BAG GETS TOO FULL IT SOMETIMES POPPED OFF.I ONLY LET IT GO TO ABOUT 3/4 FULL SO IT WOULD N'T HAPPEN .
 The only thing I would change is - make the bag larger and add an extra bag in case one rips . Other than that , great buy . You 'll be AMAZED at the crud in your pond !
 i am extremely pleased with my purchase , it is better than expected . Fast shipping , product in perfect condition , very good quality . would recommend .
 We needed a replacement bulb for the flashlight and this was it . Enough said ! Ok blah blah blah blah blah blah is that enough words ?
 I received thegreenhouse in a timely manner . It was a very quick assembly . It works welland serves my needs .
 I 've bought this years ago and it works . The only gripe is you get what you pay for
 The greenhouse was easy to assemble and quite sturdy with the weight of the plants and pots on the shelves . The zippers work well . My geraniums are still green and some have flowers . I have noticed that I only need to water once a week or so because the plastic covering sort of recycles the moisture in the air . Of course this is a warmer than average winter in southeastern PA so far . I will also start seeds in pots around March . This is an excellent product for the price . I also plan to use the shelves without the plastic during the summer .
 I can say that this is a great greenhouse because I have one . I purchased it two years ago and do n't know how I lived without it . It is just perfect for people living in the city where space is limited . The only reason I 'm back on this site is to find one to buy for my best girlfriend 's birthday.Carolyn
 This little greenhouse is great ! - ive been using it for a month and my little seedlings are very happy . Here 's some things ive noticed : - Leave it in the sun it gets really hot very quickly , which makes your seedlings wilt ! Ventilation is only thru the door , which is either fully up or down . Ive found a useful spot in my garden amongst trees that allows it some sun and shade during the day as the sun transits the sky , so it doent heat up too much in one go!It also cools down quite quickly . At night its keeping temps just 1-2 degrees above outside -LRB- i put one of them inside and outside thermometers in too see ! -RRB- Its not that sturdy . Lean it against a wall with a couple of bricks on the bottom shelf , or on grass with tent pegs over the bottom shelf , or it will blow overwith a strong wind!Oh , and the dog likes to pee on it : -RRB- All in all , if you have a small garden and are looking for a little shelter as you harden off and migrate seedlings outside , this things great .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift - I usually do n't order things that do n't ship from Amazon directly - but there we 're absolutely no issues - it came quickly and in good shape . We put this together Christmas morning - its frame is heavy duty plastic and the shelves are of relatively thin metal wire construction - but certainly seem quite adequate for pots and seedling trays . The assembly took abut 10 minutes if that - and the frame and shelves went together well and easily . The plastic cover fit nicely - and if not roughly used seems like it will last a while . -LRB- we did find replacement covers online for $ 17.00 -RRB- for future reference . The recipient Gardner loved it and went directly to his seed catalog and started dreaming about all the possibilities come Spring - a good product - priced commensurate with quality .
 Worked perfect for keeping my orchids happy -LRB- that 's a miricle in its own right -RRB- and great for this sping 's vegetable starts . Went together very easily and does not take up an unexpected amount of space . Color is green which goes with the plants . I added a heating pad set to medium and a pan of water to creat extra humidity -LRB- the pan of water is on the heating pad -RRB- .
 wonderful product , put together myself in less than 20 minutes , NO TOOLS required except for your two hands ; very sturdy ; it does not have casters to roll on , but get this -- I put it out on the porch , had all 4 shelves loaded with seed starting trays , only to realize my dogs might get to the plants , so I had to rotate it 180 degree by just wiggling it , nothing fell off , very sturdy product ! I am using it for hardening off the young veggies before I put them in the ground . The only suggestion to the manufacturer would be -- instead of one tie-ribbon in the center to hold the front cover rolled up - there should be two on each side .
 Everything was ok about this product except for the plastic cover which one of the zippers broke when trying to zip it close . The plastic cover was to tight of a fit and sewn poorly .
 I 'm very happy with the greenhouse . It was easy to put together , easy to move around -LRB- even with plants in it -RRB- and it 's sturdy . For the money , I 'm happy with this product .
 It is just as I expected and works great ! Small and compact , well crafted .
 I purchased this street name sign for my 12 yr old grandson who is into skateboarding , and very good at it as a matter of fact , he scares me sometimes . He loved the sign so much that he immediately put it up in his room . He is very proud of it and shows it to his friends too when they come over . Now , it is n't the size of a regulation sized street sign , but it is big enough to do the job and small enough to not look gawdy in the bedroom . I recommend this street name sign to all skateboarders !! Rock On !!!
 The wagon was extremely easy to put together . It is very smooth when pulling and turns incredibly ! Have used it for a variety of projects already - moving mulch bags , fertilizer bags , new toilets , dehumidifiers . Anyone who loves home improvement projects MUST purchase this wagon !!
 Have n't had this long so do n't know yet how it will hold up but it was easy to assemble , although there were no directions in the box . Started using it immediately and it handles well .
 A great light weight wagon that is sturdy and virtually rust proof . I plan on using this wagon at my beach house and I love the fact that the axle connection points are made of heavy weight plastic instead of metal so they will never rust up and will be virtually maintenance free.Great value and great product
 Met all of my expections - - except that I had a problem after the initial assembly - - one of the wheels was n't turning freely - - would get hung up . I was concerned that this would eventually lead to the wheel freezing up and dragging . I contacted the manufacture and in a couple of days I had a new one in the mail . I consider the wagon a good purchase am planning to use for many years - - it 's just a very nice wagon ... ! bdek , Buffalo , NY
 I use these filters/strainers in my garden pond and I 've seen ones like this that are way overpriced but this one is less so . Longer , cylindrical shaped ones go as much as $ 10 which I think in ridiculous , this one at $ 4 is better , but still a lot of money for something that probably cost pennies to make . The hard plastic insert would n't stay on the plastic pipe on my pump but I have others that do . It has more surface area and goes longer without needing to be changed .
 Small in ground fish / turtle pond - 800 gallon . Old prefilter was 1/3 this size and had to be cleaned every 7 days or less .
 I have a small -LRB- 90 gallon -RRB- pond with plants and 8 koi . I had to clean filters after mid summer about every other day - this Danner filter allows me to go a week plus without cleaning . Yea !
 Does a great job filting my small pond . I rinse it out every couple days and it is ready to go again .
 What can you say about a filter . This works ! Buy 2 so that when it gets soft over time , You vae another reready to go .
 I 've been using GreenClean for 3 years in my water-feature . The birds consistently drink out of the pond and the waterfalls . If used as directed it wo n't hurt anything . I have all types of wildlife drinking here plus my own Maine Coon Cat . It has been totally safe.As for killing the algae ... you can literally watch the algae start dying within minutes . And yes , if you 've let the algae get thick you might have to treat again in a few days to get it all . But we had tried everything on the market and this has been the only effective product we 've found .
 Green Clean does exactly what it says it does ! Anyone who gave Green Clean a bad review did not take the time to do their research . This procuct is a GRANULAR algaecide and NOT a liquid like AlgaeFix . The manufacturer clearly states that it has to make CONTACT with the algae to work . It is completely SAFE for all pets and wildlife if used properly . Once this granular algaecide makes contact with water and disolves ... it ca n't hurt a flea . It would most likely hurt a bird if the bird tried to eat it in its white powder state , but that would have to happen within a minute or two of adding it to your stream and waterfall -LRB- which is VERY unlikely since you would still be standing right next to the pond after adding the product , and most birds are not that brave -RRB- . Litterally within seconds , the white powder disolves and in this state , the product is harmless to wildlife and your pets . Do your research , use the product properly and as stated in the directions and you will LOVE this product !!! Say goodbye to string algae !!! Green Clean works great and does as advertised !!!
 I love Biosafe GreenClean Algaecide . I have used this prouduct for several years now and the Amazom price is the best . I have many Pets that drink water from my Koi Pond along with many Wildbirds . The proudct is safe as soon as it is dissolved with water . Do not let any animal consume any granulars . If spilled hose with water and it is now safe . It cleans up algae and pea-soup water . Some , including me had to use it several times before my pond is free of algae . Use befoe adding your bacteria.a products .
 We use this in our fountain and it works great to keep out the algae . The product we received was as ordered and arrived very quickly . I would buy from this vendor again .
 String algae is a funny thing . It 's hard to know when or why it appears , but it usually does . The only thing I have found that works to control mine is GreenClean . As others have said , read the instructions and it does what it says . It has now controlled my algae for 2 years . I got a late start this year , but it 's working right now to reduce what built up . Bottom line , if you drain your pond , are very careful in power washing or otherwise cleaning it , then apply the product directly to the algae -LRB- turn the water off if you have falls until it stops flowing -RRB- the product will work . It 's just that simple . I use it once a week in this manner and find the algae goes away.As for birds , I too was concerned . Customer service was very good in explaining this . As others have written they said after the product has contact with water it is safe for birds . Mine drink and bathe safely in my stream all the time . I stay out there until I turn the water back on , wash down all the powder that has n't been diluted by the stream and `` It 's all good . ''
 This product works however you need to keep at it every couple of weeks or the algae comes back . It 's economical because you are only required to use very little each time .
 If you have a water feature you have to deal with algae . I have tried liquid products purchased at the hardware store but they do not stock them reliably , This granular product is easy to use and works well . READ the instructions -LRB- what a novel idea ! -RRB- and it will NOT harm birds or cats . We have lots of birds and cats -LRB- suspect possums and raccoons too -RRB- drinking from the water feature and none were harmed .
 One treatment and all the algae lies dead at the bottom , to be scooped up . One treatment should last for months .
 Every Spring I have to spend hours to drain and clean out my two ponds because they become so clogged with string algae , even though I have a UV clarifier . Most algicides are toxic to use especially with dogs and other animals who drink out of ponds . I was a little hesitant to buy this stuff because I could not see how a powder could possibly make it to the the bottom of the pond without spreading all over the place . However , when you sprinkle this stuff in the water , it is quite heavy and quickly makes it to the bottom . Even more amazing , on the way down it just automatically sticks to the algae as it drifts down . It is extremely easy to use and after only a couple of days I now have perfectly clear ponds that I will not have to clean next year . Since the initial treatment , I have only had to use a small amount here and there when a bloom crops up . Also , I ca n't prove it , but I think this stuff must also kill mosquito larvae since I have not seen any of the wigglers since I started using this . Overall , very highly recommended and it has been a godsend for me .
 Seems to do a good job . Took a couple of weeks . Water seems to stay clear with weekly application . I would by again ,
 Due to the drought and high heat many of us are experiencing this year , my waterfalls is manufacturing a lot of algae . Weekly treatment with this stuff works . Use as intructed , it is safe . I have many birds that use the waterfalls for a giant birdbath . So I would not use this if it was not safe for them and effective against algae growth . I used this last year as well and will continue to purchase . Great product .
 This is a good product . 10/10 However ... chemicals are not the main part of cleaning.This Algaecide is the only weekly product you will need if all you need is regular maintenance.The most important part of keeping a fish pond clean would be to get the fish poop out of the pond without stirring up the poop.So how do you remove the fish poop ? Get yourself a Leaf Gulper . You can find one on Amazon , then you can watch a video online on how to use a Leaf Gulper in a fish pond . No , it will not suck your fish up ... LOL!So , clean out the fish poop once a week then immediately treat the pond with Green Clean Granular Algaecide .
 This is the best product we have ever used on our pond . Not only does it take care of the unsightly algae that builds up on the rocks but it also helps with the algae found hanging around the bottom of the pond . The filter system has been much easier to keep clean with the algae being kept under control . And as a bonus our water lilies and other water plants never looked as good as they did this summer .
 I have used several liquid products that I have bought in nurseries and other stores . They actually worked . This one seems to promote algae . Sunset Magazine recommended this product . I do n't know why .
 This is a well built , easy to assemble , easy to pull wagon . The tires seem indestructable . The handle is well designed so it does n't crash down on your toes like our old ones . Arrived quickly , easy assembly . Great product .
 Good price . As related in other reviews , the support in the middle of the wagon platform is lacking . And I discovered the wheels are spaced to close together to make it a stable enough while going over uneven terrain . The picture is that is posted is misleading in that regard . Overall decent purchase .
 Excellent product . Bought online as it was much less expensive than found at any hardware store in town .
 Let 's face it , not really many ways that this particular product can fail . Does what it needs to , and is perfectly affordable , especially through Amazon.Recommend using Techniclick brand mechanical pencils with this .
 We love to decorate our yard for Halloween . This spooky tree pattern was fantastic . It was clear and easy to use . We are amatuers and our end result looked just like the product picture . The best part is you can use the pattern over and over . We made two trees . We saved a ton of money by making these trees ourselves .
 Very easy to put together . I only give it four stars because the wheels move around laterally on their axles . They need extra washers or collars to prevent this.I bolted a piece of plywood to mine that was pre-cut to 2 ' x 4 ' from Home Depot but Northern Tool has a version with a plywood platform already fixed to it with a protective edge strip . I would recommend just paying the extra $ and save yourself the hassle .
 Great framework for making your own wagon , specialized just for your needs . Great price , but , tires are inexpensive type so might want to have better quality ones in mind as replacements for some point in time .
 I bought this kit recently to build a friend a vegetable garden on wheels . It turned out great.Understand that if you purchase this kit , you will be completely on your own as far as design and construction . However , if you have one creative bone in your body , you will be able to make something beautiful and useful , and that will last you for many many years.If you need some suggestions , go to this website
 Bought this to build a custom wagon for my Westies so that I can roll them safely to the park and I think this kit is AWESOME!I built a nice wagon for my pups with it and the kit was really self explanatory to assemble . The quality of the kit is pretty darn good for the price . I plan on painting the whole assembly to reduce the potential for rust but I would NOT say the paint job provided is bad at all , its just that I live WAY up north so we do that with all things -LRB- if we 're smart -RRB- . Building a wagon frame around this kit is too easy . I highly recommend this product . The ONLY minor glitch was one flat tire upon receiving the kit . I simply pumped it up with a bike pump and it held air for a month . Other than that , I have no complaints !!!!
 This is by far the best propane grill available in america . This grill is made in america from durable heavy gauge stainless steel . This contains three 25,000 BTU burners all infrared which allow fast and even heating and cooking . The igniter is quick , easy and safe . This is also a smoker for quality outdoor cooking . Respectfully submitted .
 This is by far the best propane gas grill on the market . It 's quality in cooking is unsurpassed . It has all the bells and whistles for quality cooking , safety and fun . Respectfully submitted .
 Blades were sharp , cut great , no complaints . Fit my craftsman mower perfect . I would recomend this product to anyone looking for mower replacement blades .
 I 've ordered a number of blades for my tractor , but these seem heavier duty than any of the past blades I 've gotten . These seem VERY sharp , and even look like someonen MIGHT of hand sharpened them ? I would re-order these .
 When I opened the very good package these blades came in -LRB- I bought 2 -RRB- I could n't tell the difference from the ones I had on my tractor to these . They look near or exactly identical as the OEM they replaced . The steel appears of decent quality and the finish is factory ! DOwn to the nitty gritty they cut very well . I 'm happy and the price made me happy !
 Solved my problem . I have spares now to keep sharp . Lots of rocks on my property so it 's handy to have a few spares ready . Shipped quickly . I 'm happy !
 We use the blade in our Ryobi riding mower and it has done very well . I ca n't tell the difference between it and the factory original in either fit or function .
 The blades were identical to the original blades in terms of size and fit.I received them in several days and was happy with the purchase !
 I ordered this product to replace two old riding lawnmower blades . The blades arrived as promised , in a timely manner . Thusfar , the blades seem nearly indentical to the orginal product . Reasonably priced and seemly good quality , and they fit just fine.Big Mo
 These blades appear identical to the heavy duty blades offered by the mower manufacturer , but at a much lower price ! I have used both the heavy duty O.E.M. blades and these blades and can tell no difference in performance .
 I bought the General Utility V-Belt -LRB- 3L160 -RRB- to replace my `` Haier HAIER WD-0350-21 V-BELT '' I could n't find the HAIER belt anywhere online -LRB- except for maybe $ 50 ! -RRB- , and was not sureof the exact fit , so I looked around at local stores.Eventualy I bought this exact part -LRB- General Utility V-Belt -LRB- 3L160 -RRB- at my local Ace Hardware -LRB- not all ACE stores have it -RRB- for around $ 7 . It fit perfectly , and the washing machine works great now . The original belt wore out in only a few months.Many garge door openers use the same belt , so maybe Sears has it available.This belt is more durable than the original .
 Sears carries the HAIER WD-0350-21 V-BELT for around $ 16 , plus shipping , as a replacement part for the Haier HLP2E Washer . There are several online parts stores that charge even more . This is a much better deal , seems to be better-made than the original belt , and it fits the washer perfectly . Until the tub quit spinning , we did n't even realize that the agitating piece on the bottom of the washer had n't been working for a while , because the belt was so worn out ! With the new belt on , it works better than ever . It was also very easy to replace .
 This is a good quality fractional belt . It is comparable to a gates belt however it is made off-shore . It has an external ply of cord that is layered in rubber . Happy with performance and wear .
 this General Utility V-Belt -LRB- 3L160 -RRB- is the same size with my `` Haier HAIER WD-0350-21 V-BELT `` This belt look like much better than the original one .
 Make sure not to cut anything too large . This is my second pair , good for dead heading , but not much else . I tried to cut a fairly small dead vine and they broke into two pieces .
 SO EASY TO USE AND HANDY FOR NOT ONLY FLORAL ALSO THINING APPLE BUDS OR ANY FRUIT TREE . CLIPPING OFF LEAVES FOR SALAD `` LETTUCE AND ARUGA '' . A GARDENERS `` DREAM TOOL '' .
 This is a very convenient too for detailed projects . The cut is sharp and has a safety cover to prevent accidents .
 since i grow a boat load of herbs and dry them i needed a style of snips that are strong but yet can get right at the stem and bottom of the leaf , but yet comfortable to use without straining the hands . preparing pinapple basil leafs for drying you have to snip that small stem right at the base of the leaf and these snips are great . they are small , compact , and do not slow down when they get dirty -- for compact snipping these are the snips to get . these snips do not tired the hand like the other styles . since they are scissor handle style they are comfortable to open and close . yet the wife also uses them for quilting and crafts . they stay sharp and get down to the nitty gritty of the finer aspects of cutting things
 I live near the ocean . So I wanted to buy a PI metal detector for a reasonable price.I 've got lucky
 I use this shears for trimming grass around my landscaped flower bed in the front lawn . It is hard to mow around the bricks , so this shears comes in very handy . I love the fact that the handle/head can swivel and it is so light weight . Also , as with all the Fiskars blade products , the blades are very sharp and I am able to trim precisely what I want . A great product to trim the grass around areas the lawn mower ca n't reach .
 These shears work well . I like the swivel feature . I would recommend these to anyone looking for hand held grass shears .
 Fiskars products never disappoint . This one is outstanding even among those . I am an avid gardener and am aways on the hunt for the very best tools for each job . The other grass shears I have -LRB- two purchased this season -RRB- just are n't comfortable or effective enough for extensive use . These are lightweight , sharp , and accurate . I use them every day . I doubt if there 's a better pair on the market .
 lightweight , little or no fatigue in my hands and the rotating capability allows me to trim the yard almost as fast as with a weed wacker !!! great tool !!!
 This grass shears cuts smoothly and I love the ability to turn the handle so using it is always comfortable .
 Fiskars Shear Ease Grass Shears are the best grass clippers I 've ever used . We bought these locally and had a choice among 3 different clippers . Of the three , these were the most expensive , lightest in weight , and also were the easiest to open/close . I was going to get the middle-priced shears because we do n't use them that much , but decided to purchase the Fiskars instead . I 'm glad I did . They are very light , easy to cut with and do n't require a lot of force . The blades are sharp and remind me of Fiskars scissors . I did n't have any trouble with my hand getting pinched , but I can see how it might be a problem . I suggest wearing gloves if you think you might be prone to pinching or blisters when you use these . The rotating head came in handy when I trimmed around railroad ties . The blades are already grass stained after being used for approx . 20 min . It 's suggested that you clean the blades after each use & oil them once in a while for longer life . I can see how grass stain build up could eventually make the blade sticky requiring more hand pressure to open/close them . The blades are fully hardened stainless steel . I expect them to remain sharp for a long time.These shears have a lifetime warranty .
 This grass shears is awesome . In the past I had issue 's with my standard shears , because I could not get the right angle to cut properly . This product absolutely erases all of those issue 's ; the pivoting head allows me to use this product everywhere I need to .
 I have had really good luck with Fiskar 's products and thought I would give the grass shears a try . The have lived up to my expectations and then some . The rotating head is a really nice feature that I 've not seen on other brands . When trimming the grass near the concrete steps and brick walkway , the rotating head allows me to get very close so I am able to make an even cut . The blade is very sharp , even after several uses with no sign of rust . The blade locks in place and makes storage easy so I do n't have to worry about cutting my fingers when reaching for it in the tool shed . Great product !
 The grass shears is very sharp , and easy to use to cut grass . I like the most that the top scissor part can be turned 360 degrees so that you can get into hard to get places instead of twisting you hand at a odd angle .
 finally found grass clippers online ... and they 're wonderful . so much better than the string trimmer that whacks everything in it 's path . these adjustable clippers allow me to clip what i do n't want and leave the rest untouched .
 This is my first grass shears I have purchased . I was n't sure if I would like it but I took a chance and love it ! We love them because of the of pivoting head that allows to get really close and different angles . It works so nice for the those little areas along the sidewalk and along the steps . Very easy to use and very sharp !
 They cut very well and do a good job ! Fiskars makes good products and they work well on the flower beds I trim weekly
 I seem to be drawn to houses that need lots and lots of yard work . These shears have been used a lot through the last few moves and are still good and sharp . Fiskars is a good name and it 's my hope and expectation that these shears will last for a long , long time.I 've used them for branches that are probably a wee bit too big and with a little effort , they 'll rise to the occasion and chop off more than they can really chew . They 're supposed to have clog-free blades and heretofore , I 've found this is true . Despite chomping away at great gobs of gooey wet grass , they 've never become clogged.The swiveling head is a nice feature , but after the clippers get a few miles on them , grit and dirt gets into the mechanism and it 's not as easy to turn . From a practical standpoint , I rarely use that feature . Just have n't found a need for it.When it comes to cutting implements , I 'm utterly convinced that spending a little extra money is always money well spent . I own a few other Fiskars tools and am delighted with this brand .
 I 'm very happy with these shears . I ca n't even say how many I 've purchased shears in the past just to have them work ok the first few times then become completely useless . Already I 've used the Fiskars Shear several times and they 're actually fun to use since they DO get the job done . I 'd highly recommend them to anyone looking for something reliable .
 I have used the shears to trim grass , cut back alyssum , hosta flower shoots and leaves . They work great and being able to change the blade angle is an extra bonus .
 Though I have several string trimmers , there are areas best cut by hand - like around the vines climbing the two metal arbors out front . If I accidentally cut those vines , I 'll be in big trouble , and so when trimming around those long babied vines I use the Fiskars grass shears.The shears cut well through grass though thick woody stems can stop them in their tracks . The up and down handle mechanism is comfortable and does n't cramp my hands like some of the side to side units . I like using these when trimming around the Virginia creepers and any prized flowers that I do n't want to harm.After three years the shears still cut well , and though I only use them a few times a year , they 're a great tool to have in the garden shed when the need arises . I 've noticed that my pair does n't close all the way when put in the locked position . That has never been a problem.Would I but these black and orange -LRB- Oriole colors -RRB- shears again ? Most definitely .
 I got these sheers just a couple of weeks ago and they feel very high quality and do a very good job in trimming the grass . They are effective in their intended use and I highly recommend them to anyone looking for a pair .
 The Fiskar 's grass shears are a quality product . The Amazon price was fair and the delivery was quick . The clippers are light , versatile , and sharp.-Mike Skrak
 This is the best little saw I have ever used.It is sharp as the dickens and retracts to stash in my hip pocket.Sooo nice . I lost mine so I am buying a couple more befor Fiskars looses its ' mind and discontinues it
 Friends and I do a lot of clearing trail in the forest and have tried different small saws , all of us agree this is the best one we have EVER come across . It cuts quickly and smoothly , stays sharp a long time . We have used it not only to cut branches , but downed trees that are wider then the saw is long . Does n't take long with this little saw .
 I recently came home to several fallen branches . I was able to cut through 4 '' wide branches with incredible ease and speed . Fantastic !
 This saw is really cool . Very sharp and fast cutter . I used it for about two years and got good use out of it . The tri shaped teeth really work.Couple of points I did n't like - sometimes when I was going really hard with it , the blade would slide back into the handle . Also , at one point , it got caught in a branch and actually bent . I was still able to use it after the bend , but not as easily.Now I lost the saw but miss it . I would like to get one like it that is a wee bit more sturdy and perhaps a bit longer . But for portability and occassional use , this one may be just what you want .
 This saw is great for backpacking . It 's really light and cuts through wood faster than any other saw I have used . It 's light enough that I take it on day hikes in case of emergency . I have cut through logs bigger than the length of the blade in about 5 minutes .
 I was never amazed by a saw until the first stroke I took with this one . Do you have one of those bow saws with a wicked looking thin blade about 18 '' long ? You know , the kind that gets stuck in the cut at about every other stroke ? I thought that was what a pruning saw was - a sad , disappointing contraption - until I picked up this little marvel.Now a pruning saw is a little plastic sheath with a tree-eating retractable blade that opens and closes very securely . I have often stuck it in my pocket while I climbed a tree to get at the branch I wanted to cut off . And cutting is so easy that it hardly feels like work . Big branch ? No problem . 4 '' ? 6 '' ? Why use anything else when this zips through it?Now I will have to admit that the blade broke on me . But I will also say that I probably abused the poor thing to the breaking point . I used it hard for several years before it broke . And I am not even looking at other products . I want another one just like this . I hope Fiskars keeps making it in case I break the new one after abusing it for years . If I could give it 4.7 stars , I would . Since it did break , I ca n't give it 5 . Sorry , Fiskars ...
 Fiskars 9259 PowerTooth 6-Inch Pruning Saw with Belt ClipI have never owned a handier saw for use in the yard . Small enough to carry in a pocket , sharp enough to cut a good sized limb with a clean close cut . I have given it as a present to 2 of my male gardening friends that use it all of the time . One of them even cut a 2 x 4 with it when he forgot his regular saw .
 I loved my little Fiskars saw so much that I ca n't be without it . Lost it today somewhere and since I use it so much I had to immediately order a new one.Love that it 's retractable so you can store it in a toolbox or even put it in your pocket . I had mine for about a yearand it seved me so well .
 arrived within the week . perfectly fine saw but 11 ounces , not 3.2 as listed . returned it , was looking for something very light for backpacking .
