 The leaf vacuum and shredder worked GREAT ... for 15 mins . Then , it refused to pick up ANYTHING.Never again will I buy a Toro .
 I had this on my shopping cart for ~ $ 62 . xx and overningt the price was raised to $ 74.47 . I am not sure what the logic is in this economic downrurn.I am disappointed that for the first time Amazon is selling a product on its own that is priced higher than Home Depot and Sears . Home depot and Sears are selling this locally for $ 69.99 -LRB- plenty available -RRB- . Caution . . !!! Check the price out online and in shop elsewhere before buying .
 I bought this Toro leaf blower to replace a Black & Decker one that the motor quit working after 4 years of light duty . All the reviews weregreat on this toro , metal impeller instead of plastic and how powerfull this one was etc etc. . I found this Toro to be `` Awkward '' to hold , no real balance to it with the bag . The cord was coming out the front -LRB- which I kept tripping on and coming unplugged . I found the dial up variable speed power switch to be annoying as well , I liked the Black and Decker 2 speed select switch better . As far as suction power again I thought it had less than the B&D. ; If I had to do over i would take a pass on the Toro .
 Over the last 5 years I have owned 3 Toro blower vacs , and all had a chronic `` zipper failure issue '' on the bag . In the past , I just called the 800 number and got replacements under warranty , delivered within days . When they came out with the ULTRA version with the metal impeller , I thought they finally got everything right . I have lots for trees -LRB- 58 to be exact -RRB- and needed a good vac with mulching capability . This seemed the answer.Instead , what I discovered was the bag was un-improved , and while the metal impeller devoured all solids easily , the bag was even more fragile . The early reviews were pretty poor , and I chose to ignore them . I used my vac feature for under 3 hours and the zipper failed before the bag was even soiled.HERE 'S WHERE TORO FAILED.There is n't a way to get telephone support on the 800 number for warranty . There is n't WEB BASED WARRANTY EITHER . They only refer you to dealers for repair . When I called 4 of 5 in my area , two were disconnected , one did n't answer and the fourth was very rude . He told me the `` this Toro unit is a piece of junk , and you should return it for a refund '' . I asked if he did warranty work and he decilned to help me , directing me back to the retailer.If all you need is a blower , buy almost any cheaper version , as the metal impeller only makes a difference if you are vacuuming leaves . Or buy a cheaper Sears unit . They have a number in the low $ 40 range that work great . I bought a pair years ago and they have outlasted the Toro units as blowers by YEARS and are still going strong . They too stink as vacs , are great blowers.Today I will get a refund for the ULTRA 51599 and continue my search for a reasonably priced , non-clogging , effective electric leaf vacuum with better than 10:1 reduction capability . While this unit is certaily all the above , WITH the chronic bag issue and WITHOUT real warranty support , it 's useless . They have chosen to ignore their customers , and probably should exit this part of the business entirely.Incidentally , out of warranty the replacement bags with delivery , cost HALF the price of the COMPLETE units when discounted . Does this tell you something ?
 Toro Ultra 12 Amp Variable Speed Electric Blower/Vacuum With Metal Impeller # 51599Machine is everything that the company says about it but they lie about the zip of the bag and the bag itself being sturdy . In one seasonI 've had TWO wear holes and the zips break . The machine is useless without a bag . They charge about $ 45 for a OEM replacement ... if you can find one ! DH
 I was looking forward to using this new equipment . I purchased the base unit with the leaf collector and leaf container . I blew the leaves in to pile and began vacuuming . The vacuuming process is slow and tiring . The leaf collector cover kept blowing off . I secured the cover with a bungee cord . The bungee cord just caused the cover to build-up pressure and blow off even higher . I drilled a bunch of 5/8 ' holes in an old plastic garbage can and put the leaf cover on that . The vacuuming process worked much better than the standard issue Toro leaf bag . You then have to dump the leaves in to a leaf bag . The blower/vacuum does generate enough suction to progress very quickly . I had the most success with getting on my hands and knees and hand feeding the leaves in the hose . Hand feeding the leaves is quicker but does cause jams if the leaves are slightly damp . It is verily easy to clear out the jams . The blower vac does a nice job of chopping the leaves to reduce mass . However , as the daylight was running out , I reverted to the tried and true rake and leaf bag to finish the job in a timely manner . If your yard is bigger than 10 ' x 10 ' I would suggest blowing the leaves in a pile and hand stuffing in a bag supported within a garbage can . Toro should consider designing a leaf container and leaf bags with holes in them to allow higher vacuum pressure . A stronger vacuum motor and wider throat would also be helpful . The product under performs for the average yard . for the average yard.I found this Toro leaf collector to be `` not so good '' .
 I was really happy with it , especially for the price . Just short of a week as I was vacuuming leaves it died . The problem is that this model has a circuit breaker/safety @ 13 amps . or so and when it trips and the machine is dead . The breaker has a shaft that can be seen through a hole on the bottom where the electrical cord goes in through the housing . If the mfg. had made it possible to re set it , you would not have return it to the mfg. or dealer the first two years in warranty and throw it away after the warranty expires .
 I bought this thinking I could easily turn piles of leaves into bags of mulched leaves . No such luck . First you separate the twigs and sticks . Next you make a leaf pile . Then you vacuum them into a cloth bag . Here 's where the trouble starts : The cloth bag fills in no time , so you are constantly emptying it.The quoted 16:1 ratio -LRB- I realistically only hoped for 8:1 -RRB- is a total fabrication . More on that in a moment.After filling one leaf bag by emptying the Toro cloth bag about 5 times , I filled a second by hand without the vacuum . After compressing each by hand they weighed the same , i.e. , No compression with the mulcher at all!BOTTOM LINE : Vacuum is a waste of time and money . It slows you down and is extra work.Blower is OK , if that 's all you 're looking for .
 This item is a combo 5-star blower and 1-star bagging vacuum.Comes in very handy to blow leaves , twigs , acorns , dust , etc. off a driveway , carport , porch , patio , walkway , etc.Is pretty much useless as a vacuum for sucking up and mulching leaves . Suction tube CONSTANTLY plugs at the narrowest point mid-tube , so much so that you 'll end up preferring to rake leaves up the old fashioned way . Conceptually , sucking up and mulching leaves is appealing notion . Practically , raking is more efficient and preferable , since the tube plugs , and messing with the bag is time consuming and cumbersome . Even if this thing did n't constantly plug up , I doubt I 'd use it as a leaf vac . Just too much hassle . I threw out the tube and bag . Blower still going strong 2 years now.Buy a blower only , and take the money you save and buy a good rake .
 This leaf blower can not be repaired . When the brushes in the motor wear out that 's it no one has brushes for this blower , not even Toro . The blower will last for about 2 seasons .
 At first I loved my Toro Leaf Blower 51599 , quiet , powerful . Then , the switch started to fail . Now , I have to leave it `` On '' and unplug the unit to get it to stop . After searching on the internet I found that many others have had the same problem . I can expect my Toro switch to completely fail in the near future . And , according to others , it is irrepairable . Toro is now selling model # 51609 . Should I buy it , $ 75 + $ 12 for a warrenty ? Maybe they 've `` fixed '' the problem . Just want to post this to give the consumer a `` heads up '' . And Toro , shame on you for not making a replacement switch available !
 Very nice , powerful blower that seems very well made.As a vacuum , you are better off with a rake . It is a slow process and not worth the trouble of switchingit over from blower to vacuum . It 's just too much trouble and takes forever that way . I used the powerfulblower to make piles and picked them up with a rake.EDIT
 Wish Amazon allowed ZERO star reviews ! Do NOT buy this!First one burned up and DIED right out of the box ! First time it was turned on !! * & % ! ... brought it straight back to the Lowe 's where it had been purchased and they promptly replaced it.Used the second one maybe 15-20 times , 10-15 minutes at a time , over 6 months , before it too very suddenly and inconveniently BURNED UP and died . Please note , LIGHT DUTY only , blowing off leaves/pine needles . . it was never ONCE used for the leaf vac function or anything remotely even moderate duty.So it has a 2 year warranty ? BIG DEAL , do n't WANT another one . . DONE . Toro USED to be a good name . Save your money and find something else !
 I bought this primarily as a leaf vacuum , not a blower . If your community requires use of paper leaf bags , this vac is not for you.The bag has the zipper along the long edge , not the short edge , making the bag extremely difficult to empty into a paper leaf bag . If you unzip it all the way it just spills everywhere . If you unzip it only partially to keep it from spilling , it is very hard to get the leaves out.B & D ; models have the zipper along the short edge , and fit perfectly into the paper bag for easy emptying . This bag does seem to be better constructed than the B&D ; ones , but it was so hard to empty that I returned it . If you do n't use paper bags , it probably is OK.Other comments
 I got this for Mother 's day a couple of years ago , so I 've gone through 2 fall seasons with it . I 'm disappointed . The vacuuming part is good , but the leaf blower is not so good . It does n't seem to have enough power to blow the leaves away in a steady stream . Once the leaves fly about a foot , they lose their push and fall to the ground . This is when it 's turned up full force . It 's almost impossible to blow leaves out from under shrubbery . I find it 's easier to use the vacuum and just suck them out .
 Like many , my love affair with this tool burned out after two seasons of use mainly as a leaf vac.If you read the reviews , most five stars are written after initial use . With time the reviews go down , and result in one star as the motors fail.I was &#34; OK &#34; with this thing , never quite happy using it , but always liked the result . It worked best with small , dry leaves -LRB- birch , hackberry -RRB- . Larger leaves -LRB- maple , oak -RRB- clog easily , especially when wet . I 'm average height and always fought back pain using this . I developed work arounds . Ergonomics of this thing not good for avg to short persons.I might consider replacing with the new 51609 , if I knew the motor had been improved for longer life . For now , I 'm back to the old way - rake and scoop . It 's faster , anyway .
 We have owned 3 of these blowers and none have lasted more than 2 1/2 years , the blowers work great , but the variable speed switch breaks and the company does not offer replacement switch so all you can do is throw them away . If you buy one keep your receipt you will need it . One dealer -LSB- service dealer for Toro told me they were JUNK -RSB- Warranty is 2 years do not expect more than that if you have a lot of leaves .
 The blower works fine . The control knob should be little user friendly and tight . Vacuum does n't work efficiently . It will take long time to vacuum and crush leaves . You might as well put the leaves in the bag yourself .
 I purchased this Toro blower/vacuum because of good reviews . However , on the first time use , the plastic part on the bag cracked.Very disappointed .
 Toro 51599 Ultra 12 amp Variable-Speed Electric Blower/Vacuum with Metal ImpellerI am very disappointed with this product . I purchased it because it had the same MPH as the black and decker leaf hog . There is no way it is the same . I have to blow each leaf by it self . I feel like I am waisting my time and I know I waisted my money . I do not recommend this product . If you are smart purchase the black and decker . I would have but they were sold out so I am stuck with this .
 I bought this blower about 3 1/2 years ago . It works great as a blower , light blowing to heavy blowing are very easy . It is light and easy to carry . As a vacuum it did so/so . it often got clogged on leaves over 2 '' which was aggravating because you have to stop and empty it out or unplug then run your arm up in it to clear it which is time consuming . It did mulch the leaves up very well which made either bagging them or using them for mulch very easy . The bag was easy to carry over your shoulder.I 'm extremely disappointed in the durability of this model . I bought this one due to the metal `` fan '' which did hold up well . HOWEVER . i used this blower maybe twice a year to either blow or vacuum and blow my yard which while FULL of leaves is very small . This year would have been it 's 4th season of use . Last year it got used once due to a broken foot . This year I was 1/2 way thru my front yard -LRB- maybe 30 min max of use -RRB- and it just died . Flat dead , engine dead no use . I would expect this if I had paid maybe $ 40 - $ 50 bucks from Walmart but at nearly $ 100 and from Home Depot I expected much better quality . At least it lasting more than probably 30 hours of combined use . I wo n't buy any Toro products again . If I 'm going to put up with constant clogging and only 2-3 yrs of use , I 'll buy something much cheaper .
 I used the unit on my asphalt driveway to blow away a light sprinkling of leaves and pine needles . It worked great . Only had to use it for less than 10 minutes it was so fast . I pulled it out the next day for the same purpose . The blower would not power up . I tried different extension cords and outlets . Nothing worked . The motor or electrical died . Just a bad unit I guess . I am exchanging for replacement . Will update review later .
 This product was dead within 3 months & will not start . Called all the local service centers and was told they will not repair electric blowers -LRB- no wonder !!! -RRB- . I called customer service & was told to pay for shipping to their service center , which made no sense as I am not ready to pay $ 10-15 for shipping on a $ 50 product.If the product worked for you then it 's great , but if it dies , it 's peace of junk . Spend your money wisely .
 My vaccum cleaner has more suction power and ease of use than this Toro Vac/blower . I have a one-acre rural property with trees . We collect fallen leaves , wet or dry , with a tractor driven Trac Vac , but I wanted a portable vac to suck up grass clippings on the sidewalk and paved driveway , as well as a few errant leaves that drop from time to time on our deck.This piece of equipment is not worth it . It 's bulky , the electric cord disconnects all the time and unless you 're within three inches of the leaves , it wo n't suck it into the bag . Some of the leaves on our walkway and driveway had been walked on or driven over by a car . Forget trying to vac those leaves without first scraping at them.I had to point the vac dead on at almost every single leaf on the highest setting . It left behind any cobwebs on door jambs ... that 's how poor the suction is . When the bag was half full , the shoulder strap cut into me through my sweatshirt.I also tried to vac fallen leaves onto my pachysandra and only the plant surface leaves were sucked up ... again from 3-6 inches ... which meant I had to step onto the plants to suck up the leaves . Leaves under the pachysandra plants did n't budge.I was so disgruntled , I hung it back in the garage.I 'm a 5 ' 5 '' physically fit female who can heft bales of hay , but trying to maneuver this equipment , made me feel like a clumsy bimbo .
 After ten or so years of using both gas and electric blower/vacs , I can say it is the worst designed vacum I have ever tried to use . You can not make a good vacum by just turning a blower upside down , removing various parts that will get lost , and sticking a big cumbersom bag on it . If you really want a well designed blower/vac , try to find the Yardman model . It truely is a blower/vac that well designed and converts just by the flip of a lever .
 I purchased this item based largely on the favorite 5 star reviews . I own a Toro self propelled mower recently purchased this year . So far great but only one year old so will wait and see . I have 2 very large sweet gums ... lots and lots of leaves ... this blower was awesome for almost 3 hours . Then I smelled something burning . . -LRB- thankfully not I -RRB- . . so I thought maybe I over worked it ... turned it off and began to rake the rest to the street and then burned the leaves . Still had another large section on the other side of the house ... gave it an almost 2 hour break and turned it on . . burning smell . . some smoke and turned it off and unplugged it . One of the prongs was now black and my B and D professional electric cord had black left in the inward part that prong went into and the blower also would not start back up . I threw out the cord for safety and not wanting to take a chance with it for any other purpose and am returning the blower . Not pleased ... I think it should work longer than 3 hours one day . -LRB- I did read about the type of cord and my was in spec and still produced burning smell and then smoke -RRB- . . If I purchase another I will choose a `` non enviromentally '' better one ... will get a gas blower ... like a Stihl ... but they cost a lot .
 Let me start out by saying that I ONLY bought it to shred leaves in the yard - I have n't used the blower function.It is VERY heavy , cumbersome -LRB- bag is in the way -RRB- and cord keeps popping out . The bag has the zipper on the wrong side - so you have to LIFT the heavy equipment OVER the bag to drop the shredded leaves into it.It does n't take much to stop the motor - it gets clogged up a lot.If you just want to shred/clean up a few leaves on the PATIO it 's great -LRB- except it 's heavy of course -RRB- . But if you wanted to clean up your yard , like me - forget it.Oh and it says ; do n't put sticks , acorns etc. in there . What are you supposed to do - divide your yard waste up before you clean up ???
 This model has a wonderful appearance and many great features . However the blower motor craftsmanship is shoddy . As many others note in their reviews , after very little use the blower stopped blowing at its highest speed . Now it smells very hot . Consumer Reports should be ashamed of itself for recommending this piece of garbage . With God as my witness I will NEVER buy a Toro product again .
 It was working great , I was happy.Then after one hour . The variable-speed did n't seem right from the start.It was n't Variable at all . It was on slow or wide open . Then seem to lose power . I turned the knob to off . It didnt stop I had to unplug it . I could smell electric short smell . I packed it up and got my money back .
 Having the metal impeller is nice but ineffective if it can not pick anything up . Does fine with small debris but can not pick up long , slender items -LRB- such as pine needles -RRB- I ordered this with the intent of not having to rake up my new backyard which is covered with pine needles but ended up having to do it anyway . I like the fact that it is not gas/oil powered and it came with a debris bag.Will keep it , will have to try it out at my mother 's house , where there are `` normal '' leaves
 I used it today for the first time , lots of power ... it really worked well . Then when I finished and wanted to turn it off , the rotating switch did n't work.Lucky for me it is on when you plug it and I can at least use it .
 Purchased this blower/vacuum in September and used it just a few times over the past 45 days before it stopped working . Prior to it breaking , one of the things that I did n't like was that the vacuum was not powerful enough to pickup my locust tree seed pods which are everywhere in my relatively small yard . I also have an oak tree so I have acorns everywhere as well and the vacuum would n't pick those up either but I am not as surprised about that . My biggest complaint is that after using the blower for about 30 minutes yesterday morning it just stopped in the middle of my blowing leaves . I checked the power as well as a number of other things but the issue seemed to be the equipment . I played around with the blower for a while to see if I could figure out the problem and it seems that there is a button that needs to be depressed on the underside of the blower , and that button was not being depressed far enough . This button is there to assure the user attaches a cover prior to use that covers a metal mulching blade . I have the cover on a tightly as possible and the tab attached to the cover just does n't push the button in far enough . When I remove the cover -LRB- it is designed to be removed -RRB- I can push the button in with a small screwdriver and when I do that the blower works . I sent Toro a note asking for help and got a response that they will get back to me in 3 business days so hopefully they will fix my issue without me being too inconvenienced . I will update my rating score based upon Toro 's response b/c I would likely have given a 3 star rating had this not been an issue .
 I 've used this model blower -LRB- and its replacement -RRB- to blow debris out from under bushes and clear out the garage about once every two to three months or so ... essentially light use . Both units began to run rough , emite smoke with a burning electrical smell ... and then they die . It 's probably the brushes burning up on these very high rpm motors.A great blower before it dies ... but I 've had 2 die under warrenty .
 This is more rant than review , so appreciate it for that , or not.Toro does not sell parts to fix these , nor for the previous 51598 model . The idea is to throw them away after a season or two -LRB- two in my case -RRB- . This is not right and it is not appreciated at all and makes the device NOT RECOMMENDED even though it works well . I will check out a Sears blower because they have parts and nice parts diagrams . Maybe there are others.Mine was the usual smoking motor . Electrical motors have been around for a long time now and there is no excuse for making one that only lasts a few running hours . Simply just cheaply made junk . Do n't blame the Mexicans who assembled it , they are n't responsible for the engineering or specifications and just put it together as well as anyone else could have.The CEO probably got a bonus for this . Let me do my little part to maybe prevent a couple of sales.This is disgusting and no amount of blowing power makes up for it if the company sucks.You have to wonder what other cute surprises this company has for you in their other products , even the big ticket stuff . You can assume this is an indication of what they chortle about around the boardroom table when they are passing out bonuses in a circle.Read all the reviews of those who have dealt with their service centers . There is a pattern there , one of essentially ripping off the customer and then treating them poorly . At least they should be gentle.I certainly suggest you keep looking and at least consider another brand . ********************************* Update **************************** I took the blower apart to see if I could fix this before I tossed it . The smoke was not coming from the switch as it appeared , and what others reported , but straight from the motor . I used light sandpaper to clean the armature and also the end of the brushes . It has since worked perfectly for many leaf-blowing sessions , even at full power . Maybe there was some sort of manufacturing debris or chemical on there that caused some sort of resistance or simply lit up . Anyway , not too hard and saves you some money and you do n't have to throw it in the trash .
 I had the Black & Decker ; -LRB- BV4000 -RRB- and a few months after the warranty period -LRB- 2 years -RRB- , the housing cracked . I decided to buy the Toro based on all the positive reviews here . I should have taken the negative ones a little more seriously.The blower works great -LRB- if that was all I would use it for , I would give it at least 4 stars -RRB- . As a leaf-mulcher -LRB- which is mainly what I want it for -RRB- it 's not as good as the B&D. ; The Toro 's fan-blades are n't as big and every third one is serrated but 1/3 height . I thought that might make it do a better job of mulching but it did n't ; it just gave more space for debris to move around inside the chamber . It also equated to less suction . Another problem is the vac tube . It 's slightly tapered at the middle which promoted more clogging that a straight tube . Finally , a zippered collection bag is not a good idea . Leaf debris -LRB- dirt -RRB- is eventually going to make opening and closing it a pain.I ended up returning the Toro and getting the B&D ; LH5000 but under the Sears Craftsman label because it was on sale there and offered an extended warranty for $ 10 . Normally , extended warranties are n't worth it , but based on my last experience and because the total cost was the same as the price here , I went for it .
 I purchased a Toro to replace a Cosco purchased blower/vac that finally died after lots of use . That vacuum was excellent , but Costco no longer carried yard vacs . So , I purchased a more expensive Toro , thinking that I was buying a well-known yard product . Big mistake . The blower is great . The vacuum , which I need to pick up leaves as we have desert rock landscape is terrible . After a small amount gets in the bag , unless you empty the bag , the suction is no longer adequate . Plus , after only a few uses , the bag leaks air which is filled with dust particles . So , the user get filthy , and you definitely need to wear a mask . Very disappointing product .
 Do n't be fooled by all the great reviews on this blower . I ordered it and used it twice only to have the motor start slowing down and eventually quitting for no apparent reason . you could see the brushes in the motor starting to spark heavily before it died . I sent that model back for an exchange and took my new unit out for a session . Within 5 minutes it started making a grinding noise , and could see sparks under the plastic cover . I stopped it for about an hour to allow it to cool off and tried it again the motor slowed down and quit . So I went to 2 of these units within three trips to my yard . I was not about to try it for the third unit . Either I am incrediblely unlucky or this unit certainly has gone down hill since those reviews by comsumer report was written . STAY AWAY for your stress relief . Good thing Amazon has great Customer Service .
 Second time my husband used this to vacuum the leaves the bag ripped . The blower/vacumm is good but the bag is worthless . Do not recommend this . The seller was great though .
 I bought this to do vacuuming up of mango leaves . I have no desire to blow things around so I wont assess that . But for vacuuming , the suction is n't very impressive . Only small nearly dried out leaves get readily vacuumed in . Larger leaves or leaves still freshly green are too heavy to be sucked into the tube . So in the end , only about half to 2/3 of the leaves at any given time get sucked in . Unless you like the unfinished look of only half your leaves being picked up , the rest you will have to rake . What 's the point of the machine if you still need to rake . I do enjoy its feature of chopping up the leaves into fine particles so it saves on bag disposal and for that I may use it upside down just to feed large amounts of leaves into it for waste processing . But otherwise , the motor seems too weak for massive suction . I realize the limitation on a 15amp circuit can only allow an electric motor so much power , but still this product seems way overrated to me .
 My new Toro blower/vacuum arrived from Amazon days before it was expected . We could n't wait to try it out - even before the Autumn leaves started to coat the ground . I set it up for ` blower mode ' and proceded to push acorns and the occasional leaf around the yard . After 30 minutes of enjoyment , the Toro 51559 began to slow down to about half speed . Since this model has a variable speed , I thought the control had been bumped . Alas , it was in the same position I had initially set it at . To make a long story short , I found that one of the contacts on the commutator -LRB- where the brushes transfer power -RRB- had ` fallen off ' . That 's the only way I can describe it . Toro Customer Service was contacted and I eventually went online to fill out a complaint . I printed out a photo of the damage so there was no delay at the Service Center and then shipped my parcel back . About 5 days later a new unit shows up - not only the main tool , but a complete kit will all new -LRB- additional -RRB- accessories . So far my new blower is working fine . Let 's see what happens when I change to ` vacuum mode ' . Can the metal impeller handle the acorns ? I praise Toro 's Customer Service department and curse their engineering and manufacturing areas . I have never seen a tool fail like this one - and I 've repaired machines , including motors , for over 35 years .
 Take my advice do n't buy one of these because it wo n't last . After three years of very very light use the motor bearings went out and would only operate at a fraction of the speed than when new . I never used the vacuum so I know it was n't from sucking up something that would 've harmed the bearings . They do n't even sale a replacement motor I replaced a craftsman that lasted 15 years with this piece of crap . Made in Mexico , if that gives you a hint . Buy a good crasftman , that 's what I 'm going to do .
 I received this Leaf Blower in good time from Amazon but on first use the Air Speed / Off switch failed and the unit will not turn off I had to unplug the unit to get it to stop . That causes some concern for the safety of the unit just be sure to unplug when not in use or away from the blower . Amazon is going to exchange it so good for Amazon bad for Toro . I should say that when working it does very well some minor vibration but less than a lot of lawn mowers . When I get the new one I will post how that one does.This is my follow up . I got the new one on an exchange the service on that was very good , thumbs up . The replacement blower works very well and in my case the high setting is much more than needed in most cases but handy when needed . Thumbs up on the blower . I will not use the vacuums part.JR
 First off , a warning to buyers of Toro Leaf blowers from Amazon . If you are buying a Toro due to its 2 year guarantee , you better know how many miles you will have to travel to an authorized Toro dealer to ship back a faulty blower .14 months after buying the Toro Ultra 51599 on Amazon.com , the ON?OFF switch failed.I bought it for garage and sidewalk blowing only . I used it about once a week.I called Toro in Minnesota and they politely gave me two Toro Authorized Dealers that I could return it to and the shipping cost back to Minnesota would be on Toro.The first was 10 miles from my home . It turned out to be a mostly weed whacker repair place.They told me they had nothing to do with Toro any more and would n't even know where to send it . They suggested I go to Toro.com for parts.The next day I drove 20 miles to San Mateo , CA to another authorized dealer that apparently had gone out of business because it was a vacant store.I called Toro to tell them what happened.Toro advised me to ship it to them at my expense . UPS quoted me $ 42 when I took it to them.I decided not to ship it and spend the $ 42 on a competing blower.Maybe Toro invented the `` No Free Lunch '' slogan
 The first time I used this Toro electric blower it worked great although is nosier at higher speeds than expected . A week later when I tried to use it again nothing happened . When I called Toro they were very pleasant , and said they suspected a safety switch of some sort had stuck and if I shipped it back they would send me a new one in a few weeks . They do not pay for shipping so I am $ 22 poorer and back to using my B&D cordless while I wait for a replacement . Not a good intro to my first Toro .
 The bag lasted only 1 year , and the electric motor failed in less than 2 years . For a 1/8 acre yard that is just poor . This is overpriced junk .
 I am disappointed with this blower . I purchased this same blower a couple of years ago so it 's `` just '' out of warranty . It was used less than a dozen times and well cared for . It still looks new . It stopped working for no apparent reason . To have it repaired would cost more than purchasing a new one . It needs to be replaced but now I 'm trying to decide whether to purchase this same model or the Black & Decker which costs a little more . Consumer Reports gave the Toro the highest scores but I feel like a well-cared for , relatively new item should last for longer than 2 years .
 I bought this blower/vac while living in a home that was on a 40x100 parcel . For that sized area , the vacuum worked well . I recently moved to a home that is on a 75x210 parcel . Unfortunately the previous homeowner did not do a fall cleanup so I had to . The blower performed well for the first 2 hours getting everything into piles . I then switched over to the vacuum and cleaning up the piles of leaves -LRB- total of 3 large piles -RRB- . Halfway through the second pile -LRB- 3 hours of use -RRB- , I shut the vac off to empty the bag . When I tried to continue using the vac , it would not turn on . I think I burnt out the motor from exteneded use . It is my opinion that this unit is good for small yards that would not need extended use of this product . It 's cheap enough , but buying a small gas version would have been a better choice for me . Hopefully my unit is still under warranty .
 I originally gave this little sucker 4 stars . The full review is below ... I should have known better but I : did a demo for my dad showing him it sucked up the little piles in the edges and corners of my patio and how I could dump them in a recycle bag for curbside pick up . Within minutes he picked up all the leaves on the whole other side of my patio , faster and better . He even picked up a bottle cap , the little twigs , and pull a few weeds he found . So he turns to me and says in his thick Irish brogue , `` So now how do you like your big noisy , Ferrari red , girly leaf vacuum and pocket book '' . I had to laugh . Well , I do n't like it as much but it does save me from bending over . And with my back , I 'll do a lot so I do n't have to bend over!first review -LRB- I use this to suck up leaves around the house and patio . If you have a small piece of property than this is a good solution . If you have a big area like me than its half the solution . I still need the gas husavarana to get the leaves on the edges . One nice thing is a small pile not to far from the house can be vacuumed . nice combo ! -RRB-
 There are conveniences with an electric blower for sure , and having a metal impeller when there is a vac function is important , but two things . First , it is wishful thinking to say this is as powerful as a gas blower . Just not so . More importantly , the motor bearings -LRB- bushings -RRB- just do not hold up . After a year or so of fairly light use , the bearings are starting to go . Such a short life is a disappointment .
 My previous Toro was the same model and lasted four years until the motor gave out -LRB- I would have given it 5 stars -RRB- . I purchased a new one and immediately noticed this one had a vibration and more noise even at low speeds . I returned it for another of the same model and this one is better but still not as smooth and quiet as the old one was . I will be returning this one and looking for another brand .
 As another post stated , the switch has also failed me . It stays on a low setting and does n't turn off using the switch . I have to pull the power cord to stop the motor . This thing is going back.Other than that , this blower is strong and does what it is supposed to do - except turn off .
 I bought this blower in September and have used it 6 times . It is a terrific leaf blower/vacuum , but the bag is already coming apart and this is not an uncommon complaint . Unfortunately , I ca n't even find a replacement bag online . I had a Black and Decker Leaf Hog blower/vac for over 5 seasons before the bag went . Instead of replacing it , I bought the Toro and wish I had n't .
 Blower worked fine under very light duty -LRB- leaf blowing only . no mulching -RRB- for EXACTLY one year and then burned out . Sounded like a battery operated tool slowing down over about 5 minutes until it totally stopped . I expected way more from a product with the name TORO on it . Just more foreign made crap .
 So , I was excited to get a new blower and this variable speed Toro looked like it was perfect for the job . It was less noisy , it had power , a nice plug , was light , but problems soon took place after a few weeks , The variable power control started going out after a few uses and it is now intermittent and rendered the blower useless . So now I am back to using my old unit , I would suggest the two speed unit model a standard switch . .
 This item is good for the price . My biggest complaint only has to do with being attached to the electrical cord . I wish I purchased a gas powered blower instead .
 This leaf blower/vac would get high praise from me if it were n't for two of them failing after just one or two seasons of use . The rheostat -LRB- power dial -RRB- is the culprit according to a local dealer/shop that noted that Toro does n't offer a replacement . Once this component goes the rest is useless . Btw , Toro did n't even reply to my email . Once the warranty is up they show no interest . Beware of Sears Craftsman Model # 74828 ; same unit , different handle .
 Like many have said ... do n't expect this to last . All the good reviews are for new units . I bet the buyers are n't so happy after a year or two when it will fail quickly and without warning.I had two of these . The first one died mysteriously ... probably due to a bad speed controller . The second burnt out the motor when the brushes started arcing , but I was able to steal the motor and brushes from the first one to rebuild the second one . Now , it too has instantly failed . Oh , and the working one 's speed controller NEVER worked properly ... it would never shut off entirely . You had to unplug it.Basically , Toro sells cheap Chinese garbage . Not only have I had to rebuild these , but TWO other Toro items I 've bought -LRB- a saw and a weedwhacker -RRB- needed to be opened and fixed OUT OF THE BOX . Neither had been tested and the switches were improperly constructed . Had I not fixed them myself , I 'd have had to return them for replacement.Keep your expectations low . It may work when you get it , but not for long .
 I 've had this product for approximately one year . As a blower it works great , very powerful . It has yet to fail me at blowing any debris off my patio or driveway . Unfortunately for Toro , I purchased this tool mainly for its vacuum feature . I attempted to use the vacuum almost exclusively on leaves and yard waste from mowing , and it regularly clogged up , requiring frequent stops to clear the tube . This made progress so slow that I eventually gave up using as a vacuum altogether . I also found the carrying position of the tool in the vacuum format very awkward and difficult to carry around for any length of time . Overall , not happy , and would not repurchase .
 I purchased this Toro Blower through Amazon in February 2008 . Amazon did great job with delivery , but the blower just died ! I used it about once a week to blow off the sidewalks and driveway for about 30 minutes each use . Yesterday , it simply died . I am very dissappointed in the short life of this product . I only used the blower funciton , never as a mulcher . In fact , bag and hose are brand new . Very dissappointed in Toro , and of course , the 90 day warranty has long since expired . UPDATE
 I 've tried 3 electric blowers , the Toro 51599 , the Troy-Bilt TB195BV and the B&D ; LH4500 -LRB- the B&D ; LH5000 was not available locally -RRB- . 2 of them are going back to the store . I hate to buy things knowing I 'm going to return them , it 's an expense for the stores yet its not their fault . They need to take this up with the manufacturers that are building shoddy equipment . Hopefully it is Toro that eats the cost of the return.My 12 year old B&D ; 2 speed blower -LRB- bv1500 -RRB- just died , I kept it running for those 12 years by replacing the motor brushes 2 times at about $ 7/pair . I 've been using a router speed controller -LRB- $ 10 on sale at harborfreight -RRB- with it -LRB- same type of motor -RRB- and loved being able to dial it down to a whisper , really handy for blowing out fragile flower beds . I knew that when this blower died I wanted the built-in speed control of and metal impeller that the Toro 51599 had . What a disappointment that turned out to be . In a vain attempt I went back to try to fix my bv1500 one last time , it was still flat-lining . I took back everything bad I 've ever said about it , wiped the tear from my eye and went on a search for a suitable replacement.Every review I 've read for a failed blower sited a `` burned out motor '' as the problem . The universal motors in all electric blowers run fast -LRB- like 10k + rpm -RRB- and hot . Once the brushes start sparking excessively -LRB- due to wear , dirt or vibration -RRB- , the 12A arcs can burn out a motor in minutes . About 5-10 % of the reviews indicate premature failure with a burned out motor -LRB- read the 1 & 2 star reviews -RRB- . You ca n't buy replacement brushes for any blower sold today by the major electric blower manufactures -LRB- B&D ; , Toro , Troy-bilt -RRB- . The brushes * can * easily be replaced , they just do n't offer them for sale , you have little choice but to toss the whole thing into the land fill . So much for trying to be green.The next best thing is to find a blower with beefier brushes that does n't spark too much and hope that it will last longer . The Toro 51599 does not fit the bill , the measly brushes are barely '' square and about 1 '' long , they 'll be toast in less than 50 hours like many people have reported . My old B&D ; had brushes that were 1/4 '' x '' and 1 '' long , they ran for 6 years before needing replacement.Excessive vibration can cause the brushes to bounce and arc . This blower has excessive vibration , after 15 minutes my hand was numb . No doubt the vibration is caused by the metal impeller which was not properly balanced at the factory . To make matters worse , the brushes on this blower are next to the impeller -LRB- rather than at the other end of the motor like the B&D ; and Troy-bilt -RRB- . This is where the vibration is worst . It 's also the end of the motor furthest from the vents , so you wo n't see the sparks until they become really festive.Other cons about this blower :1 . Vibrates like crazy , this causes hand fatigue and is not good for the blower either . I imagine that the vibration will wear on the plastic motor mounts and get even worse over time .2 . You ca n't operate the blower without the long exhaust nozzle , it holds the intake guard in place and the safety switch wo n't let you run without it . I have plants close to the house I like to blow away from the house with no output nozzle . My old B&D ; had a turn nozzle that was easily added or removed while running .3 . The vacuum intake tubes ca n't easily be taken apart for storage , they lock together once you attach them .4 . It 's not `` infinitely variable '' as it says on the box . You can adjust the power from 7A to 12A -LRB- measured -RRB- , about 60-100 % . It does n't go low enough to blow out fragile flower beds . You 'll get a lower low speed with any 2 speed blower -LRB- 50 % & 100 % -RRB- -LRB- 2 speed blowers just switch a diode in series with the ac line so you just get 1/2 of the cycles , it 's cheap , effective and reliable -RRB- .5 . The concentrator attachment is not easily installed or removed . You have to remove the intake guard , remove the blower tube , shove it down the tube from the inside then re-assemble . Pros :1 . it is powerful2 . I like the ergonomics of the handles3 . metal impeller -LRB- but matters little if it burns out in 1 year as they tend to do -RRB- FWIW , the B&D ; LH4500 2-speed with metal impeller vibrates even more than this one and it 's really loud . Seems that metal impellers are a good idea , but poorly manufactured . Right now I 'm gon na stick with the Troy-Bilt TB195BV , it runs very quiet and has no vibration at all . The brushes look beefy as viewed from the vents and has very little sparking when running.The TB195 claims 450CFM -LRB- highest of all 3 blowers -RRB- , but the intake restriction and small output nozzle limits it to nearly half that -LRB- estimated -RRB- . Yet , it still seems to move the leaves nicely . I may knock out the center most ring of the intake finger guard and cut off the last 2-4 inches of the nozzle for an estimated 30 % increase in air flow . This will void the warranty , so I 'm gon na wait till next fall on this mod . The TB195 is a variable speed and like the Toro , adjustment range is only 60 % -100 % . Could n't find the noise spec on the Toro , but the B&D ; is 69db and the Troy-Bilt is 64db . Per the specs this makes the B&D ; well over twice as loud as the Troy-Bilt . My experience confirms the volume difference . I barely need ear protection with the Troy-Bilt .
 I use this type of product mainly for vacuuming and mulching leaves , not for blowing . Having used a Black & Decker Leaf Hog for several years , I was looking for something that would shred the leaves a bit finer than the Hog and thought that its metal blade might do a better job than that of the Hog . I was also impressed by its claimed air speed , figuring that might translate into more vacuuming power . So I purchased it.After a couple of uses , several things became apparent . First , the Toro creates less usable vacuum than the Hog . The metal blades are much smaller than those in the Hog and blade surface area obviously is proportional to the amount of air that can be moved . Second , much of the reason for the claimed faster air speed could be due to the fact that the output hose has a relatively small diameter compared to other brands , which squeezes the air molecules and makes them move faster while reducing the actual quantity of air and leaves that can pass through the hose in a given time . Thus , the Toro has much less `` throughput '' than the Hog and that means it takes longer than the Hog to do the job . The lower volume of moving air also makes it harder to pick up large and/or wet leaves.And I found that large or wet leaves are more likely to jam the pickup tube of the Toro because the front of the tube is wider than the rest of it . This means that you can pick up more leaves than the main part of the tube can handle and when they reach the narrower section they can cause a jam , especially if wet.One other problem is that the short power cord emerges from the front of the Toro and when you plug an extension into it , there is nothing to hold the connection together or keep the cord from dangling . As a result , the cord can get in the way when you move around and the connection can come apart.So while the Toro may work well as a leaf blower , I found that its vacuuming abilities leave much to be desired and I 'm back to using the Leaf Hog most of the time .
 The motor on my Toro -LRB- highly rated by Consumer Reports -RRB- died after one season of use . I treated it like a newborn baby the short time I had it . Maybe I used it three times ? I troubleshot the thing and found the motor to be bad . I called Toro and found they offer no replacement parts but they recommended that I buy another one . I wonder how many reviewers waited a year or 2 before they reviewed their new `` blower '' . How many are legitimate reviews ? I do n't care if they 're even on sale . I read the 1 & 2 star reviews here . It 's a FACT ! `` You ca n't buy replacement brushes for any blower sold today by the major electric blower manufactures -LRB- B&D , Toro , Troy-bilt -RRB- . The brushes * can * easily be replaced , they just do n't offer them for sale . You have little choice but to toss the whole thing into the land fill . So much for trying to be green . '' Hey , fool me once , but facts prove that I wo n't even be fooled twice . Of course , what can you expect from major corporations today that ship their manufacturing sites to places like China ? Corporations complain that they should n't be taxed because they 're the `` job creators '' in this country . WHAT ? I wonder if things are even assembled in the good ol' U.S. of A anymore .
 This is my third Toro blower in the last 5 years and it might be the last.the metal impeller is a great ideal and so is the variable speed . But the darn thing does not last , motor keeps burning out . Next time I will look for another brand .
 THEToro 51599 Ultra 12 amp Variable-Speed Electric Blower/Vacuum with Metal ImpellerBLOWER WORKED WELL TWICE AND THEN NOT AT ALL . PROBLEMS WITH THE VACUUM WOULD ALMOST BE UNDERSTANDABLE , BUT THE PRODUCT DID N'T LAST LONG ENOUGH FOR ME TO TRY THAT FUNCTION . TOTAL LIFE TIME
 With a few big trees on my property , the leaf blowing cleanup routine is a weekly chore at my place . I found this leaf blower for a reasonable price at Home Depot , and right out of the gates was very impressed - Easy to use , strong force on the blow , it got the property cleaned up in a flash . Loved it ! However , fastforward to 3 years later - My 2nd Toro leaf blower just died this morning . Started smelling melting plastic , and then with a choked , coughing , wheeze it died . Cue billows of smoke coming out of the unit . I 'd call my use of this product `` average '' . Weekly cleanups of a 9000 sq.ft . property . And with the my 2nd unit , I did n't even use the vacuum function -LRB- seemed to put a lot more wear and tear on the unit -RRB- . That said - I 've burned out 2 of these in the last 3 years . So , so long as you 're happy with maybe an 18 month lifespan of your purchase - Go right ahead ! This thing did work really well until it died ...
 I purchased the Toro Blower/Vacuum last fall . I assembled the unit and turned it on to see if it worked - it did.I assembled it again on April 5 this year to really put it to work . It worked for about 3 minutes before stopping with a strong electrical burning smell coming from the motor housing . It never came on again.I returned it to Toro for repair or replacement .
 I did a lot of research before purchasing a blower , and this was supposed to be the best one . I used it 4 times last year . I got it out yesterday and it died after 10 minutes . I could smell the motor getting really hot , and then it stopped . $ 70 + down the drain . Now I do n't know what to buy !!!! I wanted to add on to this ... I contacted the company and they graciously replaced this item . Sent me an entirely new product . So I ended up quite happy . I do n't know how long the new one will last , but at least they tried to make it right , and that goes a long way with me .
 I purchased this leaf blower/vac after considerable research and based upon the overwhelmingly favorable customer reviews at amazon.com . This was my second Toro leaf blower/vac , having previously owned a Toro `` Rake And Vac Superblower '' Model 51553 . This new Toro 51599 was a big disappointment : - Heavy -LRB- ! -RRB- - Annoying high frequency vibration that is transmitted to the handle - Very high noise levelIn regard to the high frequency vibration this appears to be a design problem , i.e. hard mount of electric motor instead of isolation rubber mounts . In regard to high noise level , Toro fails to include any warning in the operator 's manual and on the leaf blower itself . If you value your hearing , definitely wear some form of ear protection ! My wife refuses to use this leaf blower because of the high frequency vibration that makes her hands go numb within about five minutes . Well padded gloves help some , but the vibrations are still noticeable.While blowing and sucking performance is good , these deficiencies overshadow the performance advantages . My old Toro 51553 was a better overall product
 I 've been through two of the 51599 models . I ca n't comment on the vacuuming . I 've only used the blower function.They work great for 12-18 months and then die . The two-year warranty requires mailing the entire unit back to Toro . You can not take it to a local dealer.Due to the expense of mailing and the effort required to package the unit -LRB- and my laziness -RRB- I have n't tested the warranty service.It 's a great blower if you 're prepared to buy a new one every year . If not , look elsewhere .
 This is the first item I have ordered from Amazon that I have n't been completely happy with.I ordered this blower to replace a Black and Decker brand that was falling apart after years of use and then did n't use the new one much at first . When I did try it out it seemed to have a lot of suction , more than the old one . I was beginning to think it was just my imagination after using it for a while and having to go over and over leaves and clippings to get it to suck them up . But then I found my old blower in the shed and realized I was right . The old one -LRB- with the plastic impeller -RRB- works better and is lighter . It 's probably been two years since I bought this one so I have no hope of returning it . I 'll keep using my old blower until it dies completely.This tool may work better as a blower , but as a vacuum for leaves and yard clippings it 's very frustrating to use .
 I bought this product based largely on user reviews , which were overwhelmingly positive . My experience does n't match . I find the change-over from blower to vacuum a fingernail-busting struggle . Vacuum power is poor - it would be easier to get out the broom . Blower performance is only so-so . The unit is somewhat ergonomic when blowing but vacuuming is a hassle . It does pick up poultry feathers , but does n't chop them - they pass right through . Not terribly noisy , and does n't vibrate , but not the best purchase I 've ever made .
 Bought to use as vac only -LRB- have another blower -RRB- . Worked pretty well -LRB- not great -RRB- for several months . Then it all came to a screeching halt -LRB- literally -RRB- when that seemingly powerful metal impeller was stopped forever by an acorn or a tiny pebble . After paying $ 75 for the thing it died quickly with just normal , residential use . Took it to have it repaired by the firm that services our other yard equipment , and were told that it would be cheaper to buy a new one . We are going to buy a Black & Decker vac , with the leaf collection tube , as our neighbors ' B&D product has worked well for years . They are in the market for a new leaf bag for theirs . That 's the kind of reliability we need .
 I bought this same style blower a couple years ago . Only used the blower , not the mulcher . Maybe used the blower 20 times . -LRB- I have a Weedeater blower that I also use -RRB- The toro worked great until the brushes , that still looked new , started arcing and the motor slowed down and then quit working . The comutator actually came apart . I liked the variable speed control and it had plenty of power but I certainly expected a longer life from the machine !
 Used the blower a total of 3 times . Not as good at vacuuming as you might think . Rake and trashcan much easier . Burned out on its third use . Not once used on heavy , wet material . If you have a decent sized yard , cord is a drag .
 I have a heavily wooded landscaped acre in the middle of town so I eat blowers . My Sears gas blowers last about 1-2 years and my previous electric blowers were just too low-powered to move the leaves for collection . When I saw the reviews for this blower I thought my problems were over . It only took two days to get here -LRB- a record for the internet -RRB- so I went outside and attached it to my new size 14 50 foot extension cord and let it rip . Wow!After about one minute the motor started slowing down so I unplugged it and waited for a moment before starting up at zero and going to a lower speed setting . Too late ... the blower was history . As Gilda said `` there 's always something '' . We 'll see if the replacement lasts any longer .
 UPDATED DUE TO CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCEBought this in september 2010 . It died a month later . Got a replacement in november from amazon , which just died today . It 's less than two years old and amazon said toro wo n't honor the warranty because the original purchase was september 2010 , even though the product i got in november 2010 is still less than 2 years old . -LRB- Rated 1 star after this -RRB- After calling toro , they said that they do actually honor the warranty for 2 years , even for replacements , after you receive the replacement . Thus , I was able to take it to a local service center , they diagnosed it and had toro replace it with a new one . It 's nice to know that I will also have a two year warranty on THIS replacement , too . I love this blower when it works , but it 's hard to recommend something that 's does n't last 2 years , especially when toro 's had two chances to make me think the failure was an anomaly . -LRB- Upgraded to 2 stars after this -RRB-
 I purchased this product in March of 2011 based on the positive reviews . I agreed with those reviews for more than a year ; this really is a very functional product that initially meets or exceeds all expectations . Unfortunately , after a little more than a year of light use , the motor developed a problem in which it would slow down after about two minutes of operation and a very noticeable burning electrical smell would appear . Fortunately the unit is still under a two year warranty and it is being replaced now by the manufacturer -LRB- or at least I think they will agree to replace it -RRB- . But I was rather surprised when I took the unit in to an authorized dealer for repair and there was another person in line with the exact same product and problem ! A search of the Internet reveals this to be a relatively common issue with this model.This is very disappointing and a problem that should have appeared in Toro 's accelerated aging tests had they actually done them for this product . There 's no way to know whether Toro corrected this problem after I bought my blower , but I expect to get a new blower under warranty that will also last about a year and then die . That 's not a good value , so consider this risk when deciding whether to purchase this blower .
 The first time the blower was used it lasted for less than a minute and smoke started coming out of the engine . I returned the product to an authorized repair center and still have not received the unit back . It has been almost 4 weeks since it was dropped off . Now it is snowing so it does n't do me any good ...
 Well this was the 2nd Toro blower that I 've owned . The first had the plastic impeller and did n't hold up well processing the small twigs that are pulled through when using it as a leaf vacuum . I replaced it with the variable speed with the metal impeller . It worked great for about half a season of cleaning up leaves from a quarter acre lot . it started to overheat and smelled of burning electrical parts . I turned it off and it never worked again ... now it has a new home in the landfill ... I now have a black and decker . . it 's a piece of junk too . . I firmly believe that all of these things are built to fail , and the manufacturers make them as disposalable products that are supposed to be replaced yearly .
 The Toro Ultra blows and sucks , both literally and figuratively . It works great , WHEN it works . My first died inside of nine months , and I did n't use it that often , maybe once every two weeks . Its replacement died at just over two years . Learned my lesson , going to another brand next , see if it does any better .
 I used this product for a total of 1 hour and then it stopped working . Nothing more to say except buyer beware . When it did work it provided a reasonable level of air flow but dragging the cord was a bit of a problem .
 DO N'T BUY TORO - NO PARTS AVAILABLE = NO CUSTOMER SUPPORTI asked for a particular part - Variable speed On/Off switch CYM-1213-A . Here is the respond from TORO11/23/2012Oleh , Thank you for contacting The Toro Company.Although our desire is to accommodate you , The Toro Company does not supply replacement parts for the electric motors used on our appliance products . Our decision not to offer these parts was determined on the basis of a number of factors.First , the Toro Company is concerned about the safety of our customers and the electrical hazards that may result during the repair process . Second , the replacement of single parts -LRB- i.e. brushes , springs -RRB- tends to be short-termed due to existing wear on the armature shaft . Third , many times the cost of repair or replacement of a motor will be more than the cost of a new blower.For customer 's safety , the harness and internal electrical repairs must be `` hi-pot '' tested to make sure they are safe . This test is not something readily available to all customers therefore we do not sell internal electrical parts.We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause . Please know you have an open invitation to contact us at any time at 888-384-9939 . Sincerely , MellissaCustomer Care RepresentativeCase Number 2433529
 Bought this model about a year ago . Used it a dozen times , it worked great ... . until it did n't . Now it wo n't turn on , even though the safety latch is in place , seems like a circuit issue but I do n't know . Now I can either chase a warranty claim all over town or trash it , pretty disappointing .
 This blower vacuum was not as I expected . The motor housing is pretty bulky and heavy compared to a lighter cordless blower -LRB- Black and Decker for example which I will likely buy eventually instead -RRB- . Although I liked the dial feature to control the speed of the impellar with precision , I found the power of the blower too much for my needs in my average suburban backyard with leaves from three medium-large trees . The main reason I purchased this over a cordless blower was for the vacuum . I 'm 5 ' 7 '' and the vacuum attachment was a few inches too long so that I could n't allow my shoulders to carry the bulk of the weight when using it . Moreover , it turned out that the time to blow and suck leaves from the patio was not much different from simply blowing and sweeping them up . Lastly , the fabric bag is cheaply made and seems prone to tearing , likely needing replacement or repair after a season of use .
 Purchased in January 2011 . Made in Mexico . Plugged it in to 110 volt AC source . It ran for less 30 seconds , generated a burning insulation smell , stopped running.Need I say more ?
 Would love to review the product as it looks and seems awesome . But i now find out i have to spend $ 120 on a current converter ! . My fault . Will never know the joy.Tim
 I have large flower gardens with shrub borders , and wanted a tool to make leaf removal and mulching easier and faster that using a rake and free-standing mulcher . This does n't do it .
 The item worked great the first time it was used . However , the second time it was plugged in nothing worked . Contacting the manufacturer for a replacement .
 I have been in the landscapeing proffession for 30 yr.I `` ve used the stihls gas blower backpac . -LRB- the best if you can use it -RRB- The little toro `` s when i can `` t use the gas.I used the small toro for years , till the plastic parts on it broke.I upgraded to the red super blower.They worked fine for about a year , then the switch that controls the rpm started to act funny.It was either on or off.I thought well i `` ll buy another one , engine ran fine , switch bad , Probably 2 cent chineese part , easy to replace , can `` t buy it.I know own three red super blowers , all have bad switches , I need one for my buisness , cause old rich women keep calling up their friend the mayor and complain about the blowers.If they were out of the house doing something usefull , they wouldn `` t notice them.I need another blower after about a year of use.The black smaller toro lasted 3 years of heavy use , 15 hrs a week , 52 weeks a yr
 I disliked this machine so much I 'm writing my very first review ever . And this model had the best remarks of all similar tools , so I thought I 'd be satisfied . But no . This thing is awkward to hold even with the shoulder strap . It 's loud . It does n't perform - at least the vac part , which was the purpose of my purchase . It would n't suck up even the smallest acorns , you know , those tiny little baby ones ?! It was even slow to suck up leaves . A broom in my hand would go faster . When I returned it to Home Depot they took it back , but the man rolled his eyes when I said it did n't perform . Sorry guy . It did n't . Save your money , people .
 This blower vacumn is over rated . It is heavy and cumbersome to handle . Does not do a good job of vacumning up leaves . Do n't waste your money .
 Well i tried this unit at a neighbors house and all i can say is that it is pathetic . I am shocked that so many people would view it as powerful ?? We have many oaks and maples around the neighborhood and of course this makes for a large cleanup . This unit would make the job take so long that i would consider just using a rake . When clearing out shrubs there is often considerable debris that the shrub covered up . This unit would not move the moist dirt and branches so it forced you to brake out the rake again . The unit can draw as much as 12 amps and at 150 ' that would require a 12 or perhaps a 10 gauge extension cord . These are heavy , awkward , time consuming and expensive . My opinion is nothing beats a high powered gas backpack . I now have two an Echo PB-413 which is available at home depot and does a good job of clearing the driveway and pushing leaves , however it is slow clearing shrub debris and has difficulty with frozen leaves . I then bought a Shindaiwa EB802RT , now this baby makes short work of everything as it can easily blow cobblestones down my driveway . This unit allows me to clear my driveway as fast as i can walk , blows wet and even frozen leaves off the driveway fast ! The debris under shrubs including the moist compacted dirt does n't stand a chance , it all blows away fast ! Now the unit is loud so I wear protection , but it starts first or second pull every time , does not require a silly cord to follow around and get hung up and most importantly it allows me to finish jobs very quickly . Though an electric or a weak gas blower may be quieter they still make noise and it takes you more time to finish a job . A high power gas powered backpack blower will get the job done substantially faster exposing you and your neighbors to less noise in terms of the duration of noise . New 2 cycle engines are much cleaner than they have ever been and adding 2.6 oz of a quality synthetic oil to 1 gallon of gas is much easier than lugging around and winding up cord every time ; not to mention the restriction of motion from the cord . Maintaining a gas blower is very simple , change the plug , air filter , gas filter , every so many hours which amounts to years for most home owners . Plug change takes 3 minutes , air filter 2 minutes and fuel filter 2 minutes thats all there is to it . Honestly , the only situation i could see using an electric blower like this one is when you have a very small flat property in an Urban setting .
 I am very disappointed with this toro leaf blower/vacuum . I found the blower to be fine but the vacuum is disappointing . I was interested in composting my leaves and thought this vacuum would be just what I needed . It heats up and the motor stops working . Once it cools down it will start up again but that is not very efficent . I would not buy this if I had to do it over . Also , I am short 5 ' 3 '' and find the blower to be very long for my height .
 When I found out that this model has the metal impeller , I was very enthusiatic , as the plastic one on my old Toro broke last fall.The impeller upgrade is great , but the upgrade comes at the expense of other good features . There is no cord securement device which leads to constant outages , or the need to tie knots in your extension cords.Also , the max motor speed -LRB- now infinitely variable - must have been cheaper than the old two-speed switch -RRB- has been reduced from previous models , so the impeller does not mulch as fine as the plastic impleller units did and this unit does n't provide adequate suction to pull the leaves up . It is far easier and faster to just pick the leaves up by hand . Your back will become more sore from holding this thing there as it picks up one leaf at a time , and dealing with its frequent clogging , versus bending over and picking up the pile in one-twentieth the time.Toro has taken a good idea and cheapened it up to the point that it is only effective as a deck leaf blower . I would have rather paid $ 89 for a unit that has more mulching power and had the old features.Perfect example of the current trend of designing to a price point , rather than to performance specifications.To say that this thing sucks might be confusing . Better to say that it is simply a piece of crap .
 As others have said , it works great as a blower . But you can pay $ 30 to get a decent blower . As a vacuum/shredder , it fails . Literally . At the end of filling three tall paper lawn bags , it would not start again . Nothing . The Toro website says it has a 2 Year Warranty , but that you need to contact the `` retailer '' . What ? Not Toro ? So , I came to Amazon and can find nothing here about warranty repair . I 'm sad to see a manufacturer passing the buck to the retailer on warranty repair , when we all know that retailers typically shrug their shoulders when you bring a broken item in . They always say , `` We just sell it . You have to take it to the manufacturer for repair '' . I 'm curious to see how this runaround will work out .
 I hate leaves . Live in a neighborhood with lots of big trees and always looked for the best way to deal with them . Got this toro because it was the best consumer reports rated . Also got the hose attachment and toro collapsable trash can as well . My dream was I would be able to blow the leaves into a pile , then use the mulcher part and hose attachment to fill up the bag-lined trash can . Warning for people who have the same dream -- this will not work . The blower works great . It moves dry leaves great , wet leaves ok , both much better than my POS Homelite gas powered blower . It is also far quieter , although not exactly stealthy . The problem is the mulcher . It takes a very long time to mulch , the feed tube often gets jammed with leaves . The bag included is very small so you have to empty it a lot , and as mentioned I got the hose and can , which are absolutely a waste of money . The attachment strings on the apron -LRB- from hose to can -RRB- does not hold tight . It flies off the can , sending debris everywhere . I read someone else 's review and got some large clamps and put them on but this still does n't work very well and does not resolve the fact the feed tube gets clogged over and over again . Every time I end up abandoning the mulcher and just hand-bagging the leaves , which is a bummer because it does n't do what it says it 's going to do . It works so poorly I am compelled to go online and write this review to save someone else from experiencing it . I ordered a `` yard vac '' last week , which is basically a walk-behing leaf vacuum/mulcher , which will hopefully work . I am beginning to think the best way to deal with leaves though is to pay someone else to deal with them , which offends my Scottish frugality . If you want a good leaf blower , this is your bet . If you want a good mulcher/vac , look elsewhere.attachment referenced
 The first one I got quit working the second day . The switch was bad . Amazon was very good about replacing it immediately & paid the postage for the return . I have now had the second one for about two weeks . Although I can still turn it on & off , the variable speed has quit working.I have now taken this second unit to two Toro recommended dealers . Both have told me they do not sell or repair Toro products . I can send it back but would have to pay return shipping charge.This blower is very powerful & it does mulching satisfactory , but like another reviewer stated it does vibrate enough to cause an `` old man '' to have arm & shoulder pain after use.I would not recommend this blower to anyone .
 I have the previous model , 51598 . I used it about 4 times over two years at my house . I turned it on for the first time this year , and after a minute or two , I heard the RPMs reducing , smelled something like burning plastic , and saw smoke coming out of the motor vents . The bag was empty , there was nothing in the tube , and the impeller turned freely and was undamaged . I called Toro and they said it was probably the extention cord 's fault . It 's out of warranty , and they do n't sell a replacement motor . So at $ 70 , that comes out to $ 17.50 per use . If you 're going to throw it away and buy a new one every two years , you might as well get a cheaper one .
 I bought this blower/vac because I read so many positive reviews on it . The first year it did work great , although the bag is tiny and with it and the cord , it was all sort of heavy . I kept the impeler cleaned out and cleaned it all up before storing it for winter . When I pulled it out for the 2nd leaf season it was like the motor action had been cut in half , barely blows any air out now . No way could I use it for a vac anymore , it totally lost its sucking power . I am now using it as a back up blower only for the lightest of jobs , keeping the leaves clear on my deck . No way can it be used like its intended ! I really think they should rename it `` TORO WIMPY '' I wont be buying another one by TORO .
 The Toro was bought for me to use in cleaning up my rose beds . I used it and it had good vacuum pressure and did a good job the only thing was it filtered dirt all over you .
 I 've had three Toro Variable-Speed electric blower vacuums in the space of five years . The first one broke down -LRB- just plain stopped working -RRB- about two weeks after I bought it . I took it back to the store and they exchanged it for a new one . The second one worked fine until just two months after the two-year guarantee ran out . I really liked the way the machine handles and how efficiently it blows leaves -LRB- a big deal here in New England ! -RRB- , so I bought another one . That one managed to keep running eight months after the guarantee ran out , when it too broke down -LRB- today -RRB- . I 'm going to see if Toro is going to help me out here , but I do n't have a lot of hope.If they wo n't do a replacement , that 's it for me and Toro . There must be other machines out there that have at least a little more reliability !
 I selected this electric Toro mainly to pick up oak leaves from a large oak in my back yard . Machine may be satisfactory as a blower for larger leaves but it is a failure in suctioning up oak leaves . Even at highest power you have to hold the suction nozzle against the ground and still it does not gather all the leaves . It just does not have decent suction power . I realized after using it five times now that it is actually easier and faster to simply rake leaves into piles . It is also far more efficient than repeatedly going back and forth over a tiny area with the nozzle of the vacuum.I realize many have given this item a good review but they could not have been dealing with oak leaves that cover Florida from Nov. till spring . Also the handle arrangement is poor .
 I 'm in a similar situation with `` PAConsumer '' . The first blower did n't last 2 years -LRB- 19 months -RRB- , and now this replacement blower has only lasted 8 months . The blower is used daily for about 15-20 minutes to blow out the concrete aisle in a horse barn after all the chores have been completed . That 's all the work it sees , which I think most of you would agree is minimal . It has never been used for anything else , and has never been dropped or abused , so I am surprised that the motor ca n't last . I am going to try and return this replacement for a second replacement . I think I 'll call Toro first , as `` PAConsumer '' had recommended , to be sure that this is still covered under their 2-yr warranty -LRB- which it should be -RRB- . 11/18/2012 Follow-up
 Poor shredder . I have had three of these machines that failed just at warrantee time . The shredder reduces about 10 % at most not hat is advertised . The blower and vacume is adequate but not very good . Raking is quicker . Next time I will not replace this with the same product and seek another make .
 I bought the Toro 51599 in May . Now it 's December . While I was blowing leaves for the final time this season , the variable speed switch no longer worked . It wo n't turn off and it wo n't change speeds . Now I can turn it off only by unplugging it . Is 7 months the normal time before failure ? Bummer !
 I bought one of these a few years ago as a replacement for a really old B&D ; Blower/Vac based on its consistently high CR ratings . Used it one year before the poorly designed safety switch for the vac attachment developed too much clearance and the unit would constantly cut out while trying to vacuum up leaves or whatever . I tried numerous jury-rig fixes to eliminate the problem without totally defeating the safety function . All to no avail.Bought a B&D ; Leaf Hog while struggling with the Toro as my wife just would n't use the Toro because of the frustration of the power cut outs . The B&D ; leaf hog went 5 years before burn-out . Last year we decided that the Toro was just taking up space in the shed as neither of us would use it anymore . So into the trash it went , though with only a year 's worth of real use on it . What a waste of money . What a crappy safety switch design . We decided we 'd never buy another Toro blower/vacuum based on our money wasting experience with this unit .
 I bought this thinking it would pick up Acorns . We had a bumper crop this year . I was dissappointed . It would not even bring one 1/4 wy up the extension.Next I tried leaves , I was disappointed in this task as well . I would have thought at 230 MPH it could pick up leaves quicker then this . It would be faster to use a rake .
 I was very excited about getting a leaf vac that would do gumballs . I emptied the bag 2 times . on the third fill of the bag the motor died . Apparently it does not like gumballs . too late to return . I 'll have to check the manufactors warranty . very dissapointing
 I agree it is a great product for as long as it works . I have had 2 since 2005 , the first toro blower/vac engine overheated and fried the AC cord after 2 years . The most recent 51992 just stopped working -LRB- also after 2years ... . so plan on repalcing this unit every 2 yearsUPDATE 2011 . . another Toro unit FRIED , now the extension cord and the Toro AC cord overheated and melted togethere . A worthless piece of equipment
 Products were delivered on time . It did not work very well for flies from the beginning . At first , it would work moderately well for gnats . After about a week it stopped zapping them also . I changed the batteries thinking that perhaps that was the problem , but it still did not work with new batteries.I had hoped I had found the solution to the gnats , but unfortunately , it is junk .
 I guess mine was also defective . It worked fine for awhile , then stopped working . I changed the batteries to no avail .
 I bought this item and within 2 weeks the power button stopped working , rendering the product useless .
 Dear iTouchless , please set up a systematic quality control process . Thanks , Ex-Customer . How can a company ship out so many defective products ? Read the reviews , you 're about as likely to get a non-working one as a working one . I took a chance and tried it , will not be trying again .
 I order 1 for us . It was a cheaper looking model than a friend of mine had , but I thought it was a cool thing . I ordered 2 more for my husband 's father and my father . His father 's did n't work and my father 's worked one time then broke . I 'm gon na pay the extra for the `` Original Bug Zapper '' . It seems to be more durable .
 Worked for two days . Now works sometimes . Good idea . Too bad quality is so poor . Battery door falls off and light blinks on and off . Waste off money .
 We ordered 2 for our boat . We went on our first trip , pulled out the zapper when we saw the first mosquito and neither worked ! Very disappointing . It looks like there are several different kinds out there , I would n't trust this brand .
 I got this as a gift a couple of months ago , and finally pulled it out of the package . I put batteries in , pushed the button on the side , and nothing happened ... No light or anything . I figured I would try it on a fly and see if it worked even though the light did n't illuminate . I saw a fly , pushed the button , swinged , and ... CRACK ... the handle broke apart . I was left holding the batteries , and the racquet fell to the floor . One star is too generous .
 Pretty much a useless product . Nothing bigger then a mosquito can fit through this , and I have yet to see it kill anything ... BUT , for the price , it 's a fun thing to have around and talk about .
 This thing is useless . I do n't know what I was thinking.a.The thing is hard plastic , so you can not swat on a hard surface.b.Like another reviewer said it will kill `` one '' bug in a swarm of bugs.c . It looks like a childrens toy , so it would be so easy for someone to pick it up - grip it - which activates it - and touch the grid.d . I think the draw for this device is - if you do kill a bug - it shocks the smitterines out of the bugs with a big spark - so if you are of that mentality -LRB- 12 year old -RRB- then you will enjoy.But if you want to kill bugs - get the old fashion flyswatter .
 I have seen other bug zappers in use and this one does n't deliver anywhere near the `` SNAP '' of other zappers . I may throw it away .
 I never had the chance to use this . I decided to recharge it as it had been sitting for weeks . When I put the battery back it no longer worked at all . Somehow , I was n't surprised .
 It will kill a mosquito if you hit it right - but there is no ` zap ' ...
 I ordered three of these . Two of them did n't work . Amazon replaced them no questions asked . However they sent conflicting e-mails . One said not to return the defective ones for health reasons and the other said to be sure and return the bad ones so my account doesnt get charged . Still waiting to see how that plays out . I 'd already thrown away the broken ones . The product seems to be working , but I do n't have high hopes for its longevity .
 Bought two to replace basic bats that we had had for about six years . Returned one bat for replacement because it did not work . The replacement bat also did not work . Not a very good average . Will stay with the basic in future .
 This bug swatter gives a satisfying SNAP ! when you swat a fly or wasp , and you can immobilize it in mid-flight -- very useful -- but the insect is often able to fly away after a few seconds , leaving you to follow up with an ordinary fly swatter , or shoe , or something.Also , I have only used it a few afternoons , and I am currently on my 3rd set of batteries , so it is n't very cost effective .
 Put me on the list of those who received a defective one in the mail . I put in the batteries , pressed the switch and nothing happened . I have one from a different manufacturer that works fine , so it was clearly defective .
 In a swarm of fruit flies , I think it zapped one , and the rest were pushed out of the way . The zapper did give a powerful , scary zap to the one fruit fly it electrocuted . Not worth the money .
 I ordered two of these bug zappers and neither one worked !! Later , I bought a different brand -LRB- from a completely different manufacturer -RRB- and they work great!I 'd never recommend the iTouchless 3-Layer zappers
 Bought 9 , 2 broke out of the box and another having been squished a little bit on the front face does n't work . Would not buy these again .
 I own an old electric swapper and thought I 'd upgrade to this one . I ordered one for my parents at the same time . Neither works . Tried different batteries - still not operating , and will be sending this back .
 I bought 3 of these , and 2 were bad . One caused arching and flashing inside the yellow plastic housing every time the button was pushed . The other defective one did not work , and the batteries got burning hot within minutes - probably due to a short circuit . This style of swatter used to be the best , due to it 's light weight , but the manufacturing has gone down hill . I have purchased about 12 of these over the past 6 years , and it is time to find another model .
 I agree with the above reviewer . I have ordered several different kinds of zappers over the years . I have witnessed mosquitos bouncing off this one and flying on unscathed .
 did not survive the first use . I would not recommend this product to anyone for anything . The store did a great job getting it to me . it 's just a poor product .
 I 've had this set for less than a year and already two of the couples have broken . Very flimsy construction .
 The bag I bought fit the chipper , but after a few loads the elastic that fits around the top of the chipper chute broke , thus the bag now falls off and leaks around the chute . It was very expensive for the quality of the product .
 I bought this b/c it was cross-referenced to my 5hp troy-bilt chipper/shredder , but the bag is a little smaller than the original , which made it almost impossible to hook the back rings on the machine . Also , like the other reply the elastic is very tight & it broke on the 2nd usage . Not worth the money .
 The bag fit perfectly , but when I used it for the second time the seams starting comming apart , and I noticed that the zipper was coming unsowed . In my openion it is not worth $ 10 .
 The very first time it was used , it blows a hole . Luckily , the debris did n't hit anyone . Including shipping , this item cost was over $ 100 and we did n't get to use it one time . Humboldt Specialty Mfg should be ashamed of themselves . I feel we were `` taken to the cleaners '' .
 I have put fuel into these cans and can not return them ; so am stuck with them . I purchased several metal fuel cans in assorted sizes for both gas and diesel . What these pictures do not show is it is virtually impossible to put your chosen fuel into these cans . You need at least four hands and maybe more for the larger size cans . After my first time of trying to fill my mower from the one gallon can I realized the assorted safety virtues are there for those people who have no clue . Kind of like the ones who designed the can I suppose , unless the whole idea is if you ca n't get fuel into the can , you are safe . People whose hands are small have a hard time with these cans , people with large hands may have it easier . I spilled nearly the entire gallon when filling my mower , back to plastic I think . If I ever find an older metal can at a yard sale I will be much happier .
 I like the flat hose for it 's lightness , but the reel is difficult to use . In order to use the hose you really need to unwind the whole thing and that is not how this was advertised . I am not even using the reel and the hose is now tangled and hanging on my old hose holder . I purchased a similar Magna flat hose several years ago that was terrific , but this one is far from it .
 Great hose , lightweight and does n't kink , but very cheap fittings . The first time I used it , I pulled a little too hard and it broke off at the faucet . Obviously a hose is worthless if you ca n't connect it to anything . I bought this hose once locally for $ 8 , and it lasted about a year and a half before it started leaking , and I 've been trying to find another one . This one felt like the same hose , but the fittings make it a zero .
 It broke after less than one month of use . It is pure junk .
 The reel was n't * that * bad , some people really make it out to be horrible . But it did n't stand up to water pressure when the water was left on . Popped like a bubble .
 These hoses are junk . No water pressure , cheap , leaky , plastic fittings . You 'll get `` hosed '' royally . At least I got a refund and surprisingly , `` As Seen on TV '' was very concerned about my displeasure and made amends .
 Do n't buy it . There is nothing good about this hose . It broke before I even used it . Hooked up to the faucet and reeled out hose , it was n't even all the way out and ripppd off from faucet stripped all threads in fittings . Then the sissy reel cant even reel the hose back up . I never even got a gallon of water out of it before it was in the trash . If you buy it you will regret it
 This hose ruptured after second use . Can not get any response from shipper , dealer , nor manufacturer.Not recommended .
 The reel thing does n't work well at all , as others have noted , but I did n't mind that so much . What I did mind was that the hose itself is rather delicate . I was using it with the included nozzle , and when the nozzle was shut off , the hose ruptured from the water pressure . This on the third time of using it . This must have happened to many other users , making me wonder how it can still be on the market .
 I bought two of these pieces of junk a few weeks ago , and both of them have split along the tubes so they are useless . The lightweight hose is great to use , but it just does n't last .
 I have had mine for a few years and it worked great . Now the female end is leaking like crazy and of course , there is no way to repair this.I contacted Melnor , their name was on this and they gave me a `` bum rush '' regarding this and disavowed any responsibility ... sort of odd , since their BRAND name is on it . So , I guess this goes to the dump.Don ' t waste your money if you are expecting this to work long term .
 it is hard to wind and rewind ... you have to carry the holder with you when you unwind it ... I finally took it out of the holder and it tangles all the time ... and now it has holes in it and I ca n't find a repair kit for it ...
 The hose works really well for a short while , but it wo n't last . I had to bring back 3 of them to the store -- 2 of them ended up with holes in the hose , and on the other one the handle broke off .
 worst hose i 've used yet ... my last one had 3 holes and still more water pressure . it is flat , but hard to use winder . give me regular hose any day/and at least my garden will be watered .
 I 've only had problems with it since purchase . I should have read the reviews first !
 I just wanted to let everyone know , that this flat hose technology is the worst I 've ever experience . The retracting system is very cumbersome . The water pressure is low . Negative scores all the way . Please do n't waste ur money and time .
 The second time I used this item , trimming grass around a bush , one of the plastic gears -LRB- inaccessibly -RRB- inside the gearbox snapped off when I caught the clippers on a branch . It 's irreparable now . It would seem the only use for this thing is to trim in places where there 's too much obstruction to use the mower , but I guess it 's too delicate . It had caught on branches before , and , sensibly , jammed , so I could back off and start again , but I guess you only get a dozen or so `` incidents '' before it gives up for good . A complete waste of money .
 Cheaply made , poor quality blades 7 switches . The battery totally died in less than a year . I later bought a similar one made by Skil . It was a little more expensive -LRB- not a lot -RRB- , and it 's holding up well . You can even tell the Skil product was better quality
 not powerful enough for most shrubs or bushes in my garden . charge doesnot last long either
 The shoe is so wide my feet slide around in them in a very uncomfortable way . I wore them once and never again . Look elsewhere .
 Not quite the thickness I had expected on the material . The flag connectors are a joke . You need to purchase metal ones to replace those provided with the pole or your flag will not stay up in any winds above 20 miles per hour
 The photo of this item shows a full set of bars . What you receive , however , is only 5 long bars .
 I love my Weber grill , but some of the things it advertises that it does well , it does n't always worked that way ! Take these bars which are also supposed to prevent flareups and help ensure there are n't any hot and cold spots . I have both issues on my grill ! Also , the nice stainless steel appearance goes away after the first use . They immediately turn brown .
 The bars were represented to be 25 inches long . In fact they measured 22 & 9/16 inches long . The required length is 23 & 7/16 inches . In either case they wo n't fit . I am in process or returning .
 My voltammeter came all broke inside , I think they sold it to me knowing that it was broken . The box was in perfect conditions and when we opened it the electrical boards inside where all broken . .
 I bought this off Amazon 4 years ago and while it is very comfortable it does not stand the test of time ... within the first year it started to rust and the cording is very stretched out . I 've had better luck with a cheaper knockoff I bought at BJ 's .
 I got 2 of these chairs and everyone loves them BUT they do n't last and they can be dangerous . The cords that hold the fabric to the frame rot quickly and give out unexpectedly . There have been some injuries due to this . They also rust fairly fast if used outdoors and exposed to rain . Water gets inside the frame and it rusts from inside.Too bag they are n't made better , they are comfortable , but rather awkward to get into them .
 I have tried these chairs out several times , and they ARE comfortable , but they seem rather flimsy for the price . The price here is better than some I 've seen , but it IS a folding lounge chair after all !
 The Sun will rot this chair in two years !!!
 This chair is as comfortable as they say it is . Unfortunately it has quality issues that could be dangerous . After two months , the elastic cord that runs the perimeter of the frame and holds the webbing on broke . I tried stretching it a little and tying a knot which worked for about a week . The next time the cord broke the whole side of the chair collapsed injuring my back seriously enough to go to the emergency room . I am fairly large -LRB- 195 lbs -RRB- but would not recommend this chair for anyone over 150 lbs . I called LaFuma and they do n't handle thier warrenty claims . They told me to call someone else that I have not been able to get ahold of . I assume this will show up in Consumer Reports eventually as a potentially dangerous product .
 THE CHAIR ITSELF IS EXTREMELEY COMFORTABLE ! THE MATERIALS THAT ARE USED IN THE CONSTRUCTION , LEAVE ALOT TO BE DESIRED . AFTER THREE MONTHS OF US , THE METAL AT THE HINGES AND THE ZIG ZAG BAR HOLDING THE MESH FABRIC ARE COMPLETELY RUSTED OUT . THE FINISH IS SUPPOSED TO BE POWDER COATED . THE CHAIRS WERE KEPT UNDER AN AWNING DURING THE DAY AND BROUGHT INSIDE AT NIGHT.I AM TOTALLY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT . I WOULD APPRECIATE YOUR REPRESENTATIVE GETTING IN TOUCH WITH ME . 610 664 7550
 It looks cool but we have n't really had reason to use it much.The burner is really affected by wind . I tried to stir-fry on it and the wok did n't even get hot after 20 minutes because it was a little windy out . If I could do it again , I would not get it.The summit 650 grill is great though !
 I bought two and the cording was completely rotted after one year . I was looking for replacement cord , but one review leads me to believe that I 'm wasting my time and money . It 's a real shame because the functionality of the design is delightful . Too bad they did the cording on the cheap . Never again .
 Purchased a pair of these chairs 3 years ago . They could not have been sat on in excess of 8 times total . They were always kept in the folded up position when not in use , and stored in the garage during even our mild California winters . This summer , upon opening the chairs and sitting on for 5 minutes , decided I wanted to `` recline '' which involves pushing the lower bar forward with your feet . Without warning , the welding on the right side broke , toppling me sideways onto a concrete patio . Upon checking with the patio furniture shop from which they were purchased , we were informed that the guarantee was one year so we were out of luck.On the plus side , the chairs are very comfortable , may be used upright or as a recliner , are quite attractive , and come in a solid fabric or see-thru mesh . They fold for storage , although opening them is somewhat complex .
 bought this solely from the site image ... it is very unwieldy to use ... and on top of that its aesthetics are terrible . i bought two and returned both .
 I had this last week and was very excited to show up at the back yard under morning sun . Unfortunately , one screw was broken anyhow and I did n't notice . It is just fine . After two to three times on/off , and turn back on the chair I was amazingly falling down to the deck floor like slippery on the ice . That is it.Now , it is working fine and lovely . But the back is still in pain .
 I bought two of these chairs for camping . We have used these maybe on 6 camping trips . The bolts at the pivot point have fallen out twice . The black plastic tips on the legs have fallen out . To top it all off the weld on the leg has now busted on one chair rendering it unuseable . This all happened with very little use over two years . I weigh 160lbs so it is not like the chair is under stress . I would buy something cheaper with better quality .
 I purchased 2 of these chairs and we love them , however they are now in need of restringing and even possibly new cloth . I have contacted 2 distributors by email & phone and even emailed lafuma themselves requesting info on where to purchase needed materials and no one has replied , making me feel these chairs are like a Bic Lighter , once they have gone throught their cycle , throw them away . I also was going to purchase 2 more of these chairs for our Florida home but I would definitely never purchase another product from this manufacture . They obviously treat you like the car salesman who wants the sale on the new car but not interested in the follow up service .
 After 6 months ... The elastic that holds the chair seat together rots . We dont even keep it directly in the sun.Once the elastic rots the whole chair comes apart . Maybe I can use bungee chords to put it back together
 We purchased two of these chairs since we enjoyed the feel so much , however the frames rusted out after two years , and the elastic cords needed to be replaced after only one year . I must say this is probably the worst purchase decision I 've ever made . These chairs were too expensive to be essentially disposable !
 We purchased this shed based on price . They say `` you get what you pay for '' and that was certainly the truth with this product . Assembly was fairly easy , though the website was less than helpful on the details -LRB- for instance , the optional `` floor kit '' that we ordered turned out to be only a framing kit - we still had to buy plywood to cover the floor . -RRB- . After one month of use , the door frame had buckled on one side , making it very difficult to open the door.When winter hit , we found the real problem - this is an uninsulated metal shed and we live in a fairly humid climate . The temperature differential between day and night was sufficient that we got huge amounts of condensation on the inner surface of the roof , which then dripped onto the things being stored . This is infuriating and annoying.I would recommend the purchase of just about anything other than this product .
 I have come to expect quality products from Weber . This rotisserie does not deliver . I was really looking forward to cooking with this rotisserie attachment on my Weber performer grill . The item that was delivered is the newest version of the 2290 rotisserie , with the red label on the box indicating it is for the Performer grill.Out of the box , the large metal ring that sits on top of the Kettle was warped , as in it would not sit flat on the Kettle or even on a flat surface . The ring fits inside the Kettle and has four little L-shaped pieces that rest on the top of the Kettle . On mine , the ring did n't sit flat so it would rock back and forth , a lot . The ring fits loosely inside the Kettle which would appear to allow considerable heat and smoke to exit all around the perimeter where the ring and Kettle meets . Since you would typically use indirect cooking with this , and the charcoal would be around the perimeter of the Kettle , a lot of heat would escape around the ring and never make it to the item you are cooking . Very cheap and poorly thought out design.For the money , my expectation was that the ring would fit on the kettle the same way the standard lid fits on the Kettle . That would have formed a tight stable connection between the ring and the kettle.I know others really like their 2290 rotisserie and if it is made properly and will sit flat on the kettle , it would work OK apparently . But the way it is made it is way overpriced.I boxed it up and sent it back .
 Frankly its way toooooo much trouble . Once I figured it out how to use it -LRB- limited instructions -RRB- really a better end result could be achieved simply by using other less expensive methods . I say do n't spend your money . If I had the box I would defiantly return it .
 Very Disappointing ! I purchased this as a gift . By the time the gift was opened the return had expired . Upon opening it was discovered that there was no spit or handle included and I 've been unable to find a way of ordering the missing parts . Very Disappointing as this makes the unit useless ! Would love for Amazon or Weber to contact me but ca n't seem to get them to respond to my questions .
 I live in canada , and my parents went to visit him in the states . I ordered this to my brothers house and i just opened it in canada and noticed that the plug that comes with the motor doesnt fit anywhere . I know the product is made in taiwan , but do i have to have a taiwanese outlet for it ???? im not sure how i can return the product now and ask for a new motor ... i guess i can look for an adaptor , but i should not have to pay extra for an amazon/weber mistake !
 The plant I got looks absolutely nothing like the picture -- there are n't any berries on it , and it small and weak and covered in moss . I 'm very disappointed .
 In the package I received , it was almost impossible to insert the 2 ' sections of tubing into the fittings . The 50 ' section of tubing was slightly narrower than the 2 ' sections so it went in OK . In either case the tubing pops out of the fittings regularly , probably because of the temperature change from day to night . PVC glue will not stick to the tubing . The only way we could keep the tubing from poping out of the fittings was to tape the tubing tightly against a steel pipe with duct tape so it could n't move lengthwise , and tape the fittings to the tubing . I would not buy this outfit at any price unless they changed the design to provide screw in connectors.Now for misting in general -- if there is the slightest breeze the mist will drift in all different directions and often straight up in the air . And if there is no breeze at all , then misting does n't do as much good anyway . It might work OK inside a barn like the picture on the box , but we did not try this because we did n't want the barn floor to stay wet all the time .
 the earthbox itself is terrific ... but the staking system they sell for thirty bucks is a ripoff big time . Flimsy and cheap -- not even wire or rubber mesh , but string . For an investment of thirty bucks you can buy some heavy duty staking poles and cages at a hardware store and you could make enough for three or four earthboxes . outrageous price for the shipping and this piece of garbage . It does not deserve to have earthbox name affiliated with it .
 This hummingbird feeder is nice to look at , but it does not serve the purpose . The water just emptys out shortly after filling . We tried everything and could n't keep the water in .
 Even thought it was easy to mix and spread I saw no results . Even after it had rained you would have thought that the grass would have picked up a little.I would not recommend this jjproduct .
 I have owned this grill since May 2008 . From the very beginning , the temperature cooking varies SIGNIFICANTLY all over the grill . Barely a flame in the far left corner . Too much heat in the near right . I 've called Weber for support , but all their ideas did not work . They offered to replace a bunch of parts at my expense , my time and my labor.Unlike all the other idiots posting 5 star reviews on this site , I use my grills DAILY . I 've gone on to use a couple of no name cheap models that work exceptionally better than this pile of recyclable junk.THESE GRILLS FLAME UP ON ANY LITTLE BIT OF GREASE . The `` flavor bars '' are suppose to suppress the flame ups from burning your fatty meats and poultry . IT DOES NOT WORK . You end up burning it on low flame anyway.Like everyone else has noted , Weber created a design flaw with the grease trap . I cook during the rain . It leaks into the grease trap . Leaking that mess all over the deck and on my driveway . IT IS A DESIGN FLAW . It leaks right over the serial number on your grill . Eats away the serial number print for God 's sake ! Try calling the idiots at Weber to ask them about it . They demand a serial number to answer your questions or ordering parts.Half the time the ignitions do n't work . I will have to click the knobs 5-10 times to activate a flame.Now the regulator is bad . Wo n't release enough propane to cook a thing.The stainless is only stainless on certain parts . Half of the unit is unattractive imitation stainless and black painted metal.The lighted clips on the handles are junk . One never worked . The other would not clamp on properly . It kept popping off.IF YOU DID N'T KNOW , WEBER HAS PROPRIETARY OWNERSHIP OF ALL PARTS . THEY USE A SERIAL NUMBER FROM YOUR GRILL . IF YOUR SERIAL NUMBER IS EATEN AWAY BY THE GREASE TRAP OVERFLOW , THEY DEMAND YOU FIND YOUR USER MANUAL . IF YOU DO NOT HAVE YOUR MANUAL , YOU CAN GO EAT THE CRUSTED CARBON ON YOUR WEBER GRATES . NO ONLINE ORDERING . YOU MUST CALL THEIR GESTAPO CUSTOMER SERVICE . YOU CAN NOT GET UNIVERSAL PARTS ANYWHERE ELSE LIKE MOST GAS GRILLS . WEBER CUSTOMER SERVICE HAS A HELLISH AND NEGATIVE ATTITUDE.I 've never been so upset about an expensive purchase in my life . I would NEVER EVER buy a Weber product again.I have five neighbors on my block who also own various model WEBER SUMMIT grills . EACH NEIGHBOR IS/HAS EXPERIENCED MOST OF THE SAME PROBLEMS !!! One bought from a local hardware store . Two bought from Home Depot . One from Sears and one from a big tool supplier . All are Weber authorized retailers . We have family block parties to cook hamburgers , hotdogs , corn on the cob , etc. . Those guys brought their grills back to the hardware stores for no charge warranty repair after repair after repair . Mine was purchases through Amazon . So I got screwed . I 'm NOW using a cheap but excellent working Ducane and Char-Broil brand propane grill . In the past , my dad bought their junk when I was a kid . But I like them now . They are consistent at grilling my meats and vegetables . I get heckled by the neighbors , but everyone on the block prefers my grilling results over theirs!WEBER = RIPOFF JUNK
 I purchased the top of the line Summit hoping it would last me a life time.When the box arrived , I was thrilled . Exactly the nice gas powered grill I had been looking for . The looks of the grill clearly rate a ten.Sadly , my cooking experience has not measured up to my previous Genesis Silver . The grill heats to incredible temps , yet foods like steak , tenderloin and others tend to come out dry . This is true of indirect cooking as well.Though the construction of the grill is top notch , I have since purchased a Big Green Egg . My summit is now relegated to quick burger and hot dog grilling . All other low temp cooking is done on my Big Green Egg.You can imagine my wifes reaction when I told her I wanted to by a new BBQ after she finally agreed on the Summit . Though I was in the dog house for months , she now believes the purchase of the Big Green Egg was the right thing to do as absolutely everything comes out tender and tasty.So if you are interested in buying a used Summit 650 , please give me a ring .
 I got the Summit 650 as a retirement gift . I planned on getting to know my grill and dazzling the guests at my retirement party with great barbecue . The Summit arrived with a dented door and a broken door magnet . Weber cheerfully sent replacement parts . All was good . Then the grill stopped working . The customer service person listened carefully , diagnosed the problem over the phone , sent the parts to my home , and contacted a service technician . One week later the part and the technician arrived and the grill was fixed . I was n't home when this happened . The grill did fire up but the knobs stuck . I called the technician and he told me I could adjust them myself or schedule another service call . I adusted them myself per his directions . The knobs no longer stuck but ... the grill no longer worked . I again contacted customer service and they said they would contact the technician . One week later I again contacted customer service and was told that this was the busy season and it might take several weeks for a technician to make the needed repair . My retirement party is fast approaching and all I know of my grill is that it is an irritating shiny object .
 I purchased the nearly same s-670 grill as a replacement for an older weber and returned it as defective . the replacement also was flawed and was taken back . There is a serious disgusting design flaw on this model . there is a large gap all along the attachment of the grill to the cart that leaves a one inch opening around it . In ANY rain storm water leaks in here , runs down the grease trap catcher and fills the grease pan that sits in the cabinet . In a short time your entire cabinet fills with a flood of rotting greasy overflow and water destroying anything inside . Weber claims to know nothing of this and asked for photos to analyze but if you search on line for this problem you will see many many people have had it and demanded refunds from weber . Their only answer is to leave the grill covered at all times when not in use -- this is just unacceptable for a $ 2000 grill . Beware !
 I have a Weber Summit S-420 , but my comments are applicable to the entire Summit line . Whenever it rains , water flows down the back and enters the internal drip tray , which the flows into a drip pan . The pan overflows creating a greasy mess inside the cabinet . The problem occurs with and without the Weber cover in-place . Weber does not consider this to be an issue !!! I give the grill a 2 star rating because it does do a nice job of cooking - once the mess is cleaned up .
 I have only borrowed gardening tools for the very limited amount of gardening thus far . I now want to garden as a hobby and thought I should have a nice new set of tools for myself . After reading the rave reviews and given the cute design with bright green handles , I decided to purchase this set . I like the light weight feel of the pieces , but as far as ergonomic , I ca n't tell the difference between this design versus the standard designs . I even find that the standard design works better such as the cultivator , this one is much harder to use because the the claw is more sparse and is thicker at the end giving it more difficulty penetrating the dirt . The trowel did okay , but found that the the metal to be easily scratched . I do n't have any wrist or hand problems so did not notice whether ergonomic design is beneficial or not .
 I have heavy clay soil , and I broke the long shovel the first time I used it . For light use and light soils , these might be fine , but they are not professional grade heavy duty tools .
 The tools seem like they 're built well . They feel good in your hands . However , the cultivator either broke in shipping or was broke when I got it . I believe that says something of the quality of the steel . Amazon offered to replace it , but I have to send the whole set back . That 's not a problem -- I just do n't expect these to hold up under any serious gardening task . I 'd probably go for the Fiskar set in retrospect . I 'll upload the pictures of the broken tool .
 These items were great at first , but with daily use on the weeds the long one broke in two . BUt before that I thought this was the greatest weeder ever !
 I planted them , the grassy plants grew well . Lots of healthy plants ... only my cats showed absolutely no interest in them !
 This hummingbird feeder is cheap , ugly and plastic . If that is what you are looking for , please buy it . If that is not your goal , keep looking !
 I was n't expecting much ... as is this item is so cheap & I 'm not sure if it was damaged during shipping but my bird feeder leaked everywhere the first time I tried to fill it up . : -LRB- I 've since returned it and bought a glass one from a local store .
 I ordered this tool because so many of the reviewers said that it was a good substitute for many other tools , including a trowel . I found that it is too curved to be able to dig into anything but the most friable of soils . I have highly amended clay soil , so it 's not terribly tough to dig into . I tried digging small holes , just big enough for small annuals and I found it far inferior to a traditional trowel , in fact , not at all up to the job . I will keep using it for making furrows and scooping , but I 'll go back to my FAR less expensive , but solid and trusty trowel for small digging jobs .
 This mower is great , but do n't buy it off Amazon . I spent over a month and a half waiting for it and got it somewhere else within 4 days .
 I picked up this feeder because I wanted something that did not have to be refilled constantly.The problem is the sun shines through the clear bottle so easily , the water starts to grow algae well before the birds can splash their way through all the water . I did slow the algae growth with a water additive , but with it hanging in a tree , I found debris regularly got in the bird bath tray , and had to be dumped , which ate through the supply of water very quickly anyway.Once the algae is in the bottle , it is very difficult to clean it because the opening on the glass bottle is no bigger than your average soda bottle opening.The quality of the construction overall is descent , the metal bath , and the bottle itself are quite thick and durable . However it is a bit tricky to setup the resevoir once it is filled with water , and you have to flip it over , between the 3 chains , and into bottom of the bath.For me , this was a product whose concept and design was much better in my mind than in actual practice hanging from a tree .
 I ordered 2 of these and had to immediately return 1 for exchange . Since then both the original 1 and the exchange one have started leaking!Although the concept of having a shut-off lever for filling is a great idea , it simply does n't work ! All 3 of them leaked from the lever slot - good idea - BAD design !
 This is my first two star review . I ordered this and a pink quill volcano plant from Hirts . I received a red anthurium instead and while the leaves were alive the blooms were dead . One fell off in a few days and the other in a week . The care instructions and water tray are easy to follow it 's still alive two months later but no blooms . The rock slightly molded but nothing compared to the pink quill 's state today . I documented the red plant , and the state of the blooms and e-mailed the company . I received a brusque ` send it back we 'll refund your money ' . I had to buy a different gift for Valentine 's and was aggravated by that almost literal one sentence reply from the company . With documentation of this wrong , and dying plant they brushed me off completely . I did n't send it back because it was more hassle than it was worth . These incidentally are from a Hawaiian company and just resold through Hirts . Next time I 'll hand pick a living gift at a gardening florist shop .
 I have/had this plant but did not purchase it from this advertised site . Do n't think that part matters . Anyway , I 've had it for 1 year and 9 months and it 's been the biggest disappointment.I 've taken very good care of it , had it sitting in a spot where it gets very bright light -LRB- via skylight -RRB- and kept it watered properly . Every time a new leaf sprouted , it would get a brown spot on it immediately and only once -LRB- and maybe even twice -RRB- did I ever get new leaves without them immediately getting a brown area on it.I received the plant with 4 or 5 beautiful flowers on it but it never did produce another flower during the time I 've had it.Just recently the last 4 leaves on it really began turning yellow so I removed them and now all I have is this rock !! Do n't waste your time and money on this `` novel '' plant -- get a real dirt grown Anthurium!P.S . The rating should really be `` no stars at all '' cause that 's what it eventually earned .
 My husband bought this for me for my birthday recently . While it is very attractive , and the birds seem to like it ... we are both disappointed that you only get 2-3 hours of `` fountain time '' , even on a bright , sunny day . The ad says it needs direct sunlight , and it means DIRECT . The sun has to be directly overhead for the fountain to work . And this takes place for no more than a few hours a day . Also , it already has a crack in it , after only just a few days . -LRB- have no idea how it happened -RRB- And when you go to empty the dirty water out , it collects in the rim and it is almost impossible to empty it completely . For $ 200 , I would have expected more . I really felt more sorry for my husband , because he was trying to buy the very best for me . Overall , I think this product needs improvement or the price needs to be lowered substantially . It is not worth the money he paid for it . I would not recommend it.Dec.2009-update
 I am in complete agreement with the woman who wrote the previuos review . In addition to the disappointing 2 - 3 hours of fountain time , the seal between the bowl and the base of the fountain broke shortly after I purchased it . This product is definitely not worth the money .
 The preceision water wiggler I purchased quit woeking after about 80 days . I called the company that produced it and they were very helpfuland said they would replace it . I sent the defective one back but have n't received the replacement yet . I 'm sure it will come soon . It worked perfectly when it was operating . Thanks Stan Moffitt
 The moss I received was nothing like the picture . When I received it in fact it looked brown and overly wet.I tried to revive it , but it 's still brown .
 I gave up on this and tossed it in the trash . It was a complete waste of money on a poor quality item . I think it is Italian . I had a good feeling as I looked at this item in the trash can.Gary
 I bought a Karcher and it failed in the first year . Used the Rapid Replacement Program , and the replacement has now failed , too . Customer service is impossible to reach . I could sink more money into this , or throw it out and go with a defferent brand . Based on the lack of service I have seen so far , and the number of other bad reviews on Karcher products , I prefer the latter . Hard to believe Karcher can stay in business with such a lousy product and incredibly little regard for their customers . Do n't buy a Karcher !
 I 've had a consumer grade Karcher electric pressure washer for a number of years that I purchased from Costco , and the one listed here is no different . It has served me faithfully for many years until yesterday , when I stepped on the input garden hose just in front of its input hose bib - crack !! -LRB- * & # $ * & -LRB- * & # $ Its input hose bib was plastic -LRB- polycarbonate ? -RRB- and not strain relieved !!! I dissasseble the plastic case -LRB- deeply recessed torx screws !! - no problem -RRB- and discovered that the plastic hose bib is integrated into the cylinder head and was non-replaceable . Karcher 's web site has no useful consumer information re
 I stupidly bought this product and it virtually never worked . They have designed this -LRB- and all of their other products -RRB- so badly that if you can actually get through a complete job , you deserve an award !! The reset switch goes off constantly and the `` temperature sensitivity switch '' gaurantees that unless you live the Antartic , it wil not work outside under any conditions . This Karcher product is a complete waste of money !!!! Save yoursdelf a lot of time and frustration and buy anything other than Karcher !!!
 I want to second the opinion of another user . This washer is unmitigated JUNK ! Purchased new mine lasted no more a half dozen uses.First the pressure seal went , next the capacitator died . Those parts were ordered at some expense and replaced.Then a broken plastic pin related to the pressure shut off when you release the trigger . Karcher does n'tsell this part . Unit would run full pressure all the time without it . That would n't do . Relatively handy with tools I broke down the washeronce again thinking I could finesse something . Nope!While working on it , the main control knob snapped off . No surprise ... That big black ON-OFF knob turns a thin plastic shaftjust made to break with a little too much twist . The design is a disaster . Since many essential parts are plastic and clearly not meant tobe replaced even if they were available you will soon enough be dead in the water with this unit.A call to Karcher service was useless since all they can suggest is sending it in for a repair costing as much as the unit itself.Pox on Karcher . Karcher knows darn well they are making junk and should be embarrassed to sell such crap . I 'll never again buy one of their productssince I ca n't believe this unit is somehow just a fluke rather than an intentional scam on the part of this company .
 if you are willling to have the product fail after limited use over 3 years , buy it . While the motor continued to work flawlessly , the plastic parts started failing the first year . Super machine when it works .
 So we got this a little later in the season . We used it once . The next season we got it out , and used it twice during that season . when we went to use it again it would NOT WORK AT ALL . I would think that something should be durable enough to last more than 3 times . I had someone look at it -LRB- more money -RRB- and they could not get it to work either . What a waste of money !! I do n't care if you use something 1-2 times a year , if it breaks after the 3rd use and it costs that much , THEY SHOULD FIX/REPLACE IT ! I cant buy karcher again , because I dont have money to just throw out a window or burn !!!!
 This thing will never catch a squirrel . I have to press down very hard on the trip mechanism with a stick to get the door to trip . Squirrels enter the trap and take bait as they please . Tried several times to set it as ` sensitively ' as possible but they need to calibrate these things before they leave the factory .
 Havahart 1078 is too tough for large squirrels . They can easily retrieve the bait and make a safe escape . The trigger mechanism requires more strength than a large squirrel can provide . Choose another trap for your squirrel pests !
 The plate on the top of the cage was not secured and the spring latch was n't even in the door grids . Tried for over an hour to put the latch in the door to create the spring - no luck.I would not suggest this trap as it was in pieces and we had to return it.I would suggest looking in the box before bringing it home to make sure it is assembled properly .
 This trap is very difficult to raise the release bar to free the animal without getting right in front of it . I do n't know about anyone else but I sure do n't want a scared and desperate animal charging me upon release . Best to pay more for a better trap .
 I had set this trap out on three occasions to capture and relocate skunks under my shed . Onthe first and third attempt , the trap was activated and the bait -LRB- sardines -RRB- , were gone but the only thing there was an empty trap with the door closed . I can not figure how it got out but it did so twice . Yes , I did trap one skunk and relocated it but I am not impressed with this trap .
 I orderd this cage to catch the squirrel which essentially ate everyting I planted . However , I am disappointed when the cage arrived . It requires a lot of force to push the panel and pull the trigger to shut the door . The force/weight is far more than a squirrel can offer , I suspect even a big fat rabbit will not easily trigger it.I return this cage immediately unpon its arrival , disappointed and continued getting all my plants and flowers ruined by the squirrel .
 After several WEEKS , and after the scheduled delivery date , I was advised the item was not available , and my money was refunded . Civility prevents my commenting further .
 I STILL HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO GET THE PUMP TO WORK THE FIRST TIME . WAS NOT WORTH THE MONEY I SPENT !
 The pump worked well last year . Today I got it out to pump rainwater off my pool cover . It no longer works . I think $ 35 a year is too much to pay to pump water off my cover . I will have to buy a new pump and it will not be another of this model .
 On line this appeared to be like the pump we had been using that had died . In fact it was half the size and could not pull the water out of the pool . It might be appropriate for a fountain of some sort , but not to take water off of a large pool cover .
 This item does the job if you are lucky twice . I guess you get what you paid for.It always cracks where the hose is attached , and guess what ? There is no manufacturing warranty for that . So , this is like a one time use with no refund or warranty , then again I do not know what is the warranty for the other pump brands .
 i bought this prouduct on september 2010 , this item has a small filter makes it block with dirt very quick , and it ca n't drain the small spots on pool 's cover surface . it can help but not perfect .
 The thing that attracted me to this one was the dishwasher safe rating . Yes it will go in the dishwasher , but it cooks unevenly , burns the outside of food while the inside is still uncooked . Worst of all I end up fighting with it just to get it turned on . It usually take me 2 minutes of fiddling with it to get it turned on . The knob is terrible . DO N'T BUY IT !!
 Probably good for boiling water but you ca n't cook a steak on this . Gets extremely hot over the center area which is solid with no open grating over the flame area and food sticks and burns . I tried to use only the outer grated section of the grill but anything touching the center just attaches to the solid top and burns . You would do just as well cooking with a blow torch!The grill top is fairly unstable on its supports to begin with and takes a balancing act to properly center it . The meat sticks and pulls the whole grill top with it when you try to turn it and this alone can be a safety hazard as well.The only good feature is that its easy to clean the burnt meat off the grill top before returning it .
 There are other reviewers on here that are saying the same thing I 'm wanting to say . Total disappointment . First off , it 's wobbly for it 's design . We put it together and the grill barely fits on top of the device . If you are not careful with flipping the food , the grill will fall right off . Second , it gets WAY too hot in the middle . I was grill hot dogs and brats , luckily the dogs did okay since they were organic . But the brats burned on the outside before even cooking all the way through - and I know how to grill brats . Third , the grill was not easy to clean off after cooking burgers . The material on the grill looks like teflon and I even used non-stick spray . But , it sucked to clean the burger leftovers off . I will give it that it is portable and it has a better concept than other burners that other campers were using . However , if the grill would fit better on the whole device and that the heat spot in the middle would n't be so ridiculously hot , then it would have four stars . I was able to cook pancakes on the grill -LRB- sans actual grill plate -RRB- with a cast iron pan . I had to play with the knob for the heat spot to be at a reasonable temperature . It worked , but I spent 10 minutes figuring that out for both mornings I fixed pancakes . Space saver - yes . Time saver - no ! Quality - no way !
 This grill was purchased for a tailgate party . We were quite disappointed with its sad performance . I am not kidding when I say that just using a cigarette lighter to directly cook the meat might yield better results . Not only did it char the outside of every food item , but the `` non-stick '' surface acts as fly paper for meats - you will think that someone snuck over and Crazy Glued your food to the grill . Also , the grill wobbles around so much while cooking that you will think that IT has been drinking off the keg , too.As far as storing the grill , do n't even bother . Once the legs are snapped in , they are never coming out again ... ever . I tried yanking them out with all of my might to no avail - then again , if I had a team of oxen on hand , maybe I would have been in luck.Hey , Coleman - great idea , great name -LRB- `` road trip party grill '' -RRB- , and great packaging -LRB- I love the `` before '' pictures of the smiling guy on the box who supposedly just bought this grill . How about showing us the `` after '' pictures of the guy hucking it skyward into a dumpster -RRB- . Next time , can you please just make a grill that actually grills ?
 This is the second such grill I have purchased in 6 years . We recently had a beach get-together , and I remembered we owned one of these a few years ago , and thought it might be nice for our outing - but I forgot why we no longer owned one.So I ordered a new one , and here we are at the beach , got the burgers ready , go to light it and NADA - right out of the box , it wo n't light.The problem is the piezo lighter is a bad design on this grill , which was the same problem with the first one I had years ago.We were able to get it to light after about 30 attempts , so we were able to grill our burgers . But I could not get it to light a second time . When I viewed the tip of the piezo lighter , it is not making a spark.This was a weak link in the original grill we had , and it seems it has not changed much since then . Great grill idea , but lousy lighter.If you can remember to carry some kitchen matches along , this grill will work fine . But do n't buy it if you are going to rely on the piezo lighter.Also , yes , there is a problem with the legs . They are quite difficult to remove . Funny that in all this time , Coleman does n't seem it is a priority to improve their product.What is so amazing to me it that it 's not just that China is whipping the US economically , but they are doing it by producing low-grade uber junk.UPDATE : I was in contact with Coleman about the lighter defect , they will not offer any warranty assistance . Pretty poor customer service in my mind . I will no longer be buying anything brand `` C '' anymore .
 Do n't buy this grill ! My husband and I bought it for camping and it is one of the worst Coleman products I have ever bought ! Simply , it does n't grill evenly ! Unless you plan to warm a pot on top of it or grill using a frying pan , I 'd pass . Grilling meat is a nightmare and a waste of money . Keep shopping and buy something more expensive that will work better . I 'm sorry I went cheap !
 I purchased this grill to take tailgating and spent $ 41.50 for it . We set it up first at home to test it and could not remove the legs to pack it back up . Thinking the grill was defective , we immediately returned it for another one of the same.This grill will be a downer on any tailgate or party . You will find yourself in a fit of rage as you try to gingerly press the legs in -LRB- but not too far -RRB- , carefully balance the metal pot rack , and then hope the top grilling tray does not fly across the parking lot every time you try to flip a burger.The burgers burned , the chicken charred on the outside and was pink inside , and one of the veggie skewers almost burst into flames . I would never purchase this product again .
 The grill is a nice design , a bit on the small side . The electronic ignitor on it only worked one time and then became non functioning . We had taken it to the park to a cookout and had to ask other picnic goers to borrow a lighter in order to be able to cook . Needless , to say we were more than a little disappointed with the purchase and so returned it with no problems and received a full refund .
 I found the grill top to be a waste of time , too hot in the middle and too cold on the edges . As a stove top with a pot or a pan this ca n't be beat . It heats up easy and quick . Overall , not bad for camping or fishing , but it has limited uses .
 We got this as a gift . I 'm glad we did n't pay any money for it . I 've used many portable grills over the years and most of them were Coleman . I am disappointed with this model . The flame is way too close to the grill and the heat is not evenly distributed throughout the grill surface . Coleman did n't do a very good job designing this . - Not Sturdy -LRB- shaky , gill plate moves around too much -RRB- - Ignition does n't always work . -LRB- You 'll have to use matches -RRB- - Flame control knob is very flimsy . - No protection between dripping grease and flame . - No lid - Grill surface is convex so hot dogs and sausages will roll off . -LRB- Coleman was trying to design it so grease would run off -RRB- This retails for $ 44.95 . At that price , you 'd think Coleman would have made the entire unit of metal . The only good use I found for this grill is ... - Quick emergency cooking device . - Make a pot of hot coffee . - Not using it for grilling food . - Only use it for pot and pan cooking . - DONT use this as your primary camping cooking unit.Final word ... This grill is JUNK . Look around and buy another model .
 I got this and immediately chose to return it . Yes , it is light - but it has a flimsy feel to it . The included instructions did not match up with the grill that was in the package . The one on the package was much simpler but there were things mentioned that were not in the box . The size of the grill is also way too small - at most you can cook a couple burgers or 4 hot dogs . I would be leery of trying anything substantial . Go for the portable gas Weber if you want a take-along grill .
 Received this grill as a gift ... the grilling surface is poorly designed and has a lot more surface area for the food to stick to . Add that to the uneven distribution of heat , and you wo n't be too pleased with your meal . It also lacks a lid that you can use while grilling ; it does come with a plastic lid , but we 've only used it to cover up the food still stuck to the grilling surface after packing it up after tailgating , etc. do n't waste your money on this !
 Heading out on an extended camping trip and thought I 'd upgrade from the cheep $ 20 grill . Wish I 'd got the cheap $ 20 grill . The heat distribution is very poor , super hot spot in the center even on low . OK for quick grill items or used as a burner for boiling . Love the size and portability , and it cleans up quickly , but it is suppose to be about cooking . From now on I 'll buy a Weber .
 This grill is no good . Sure it burns a nice flame , but it localizes it right in the center and worst of all , there is no lid so all of the heat remains in the middle and then escapes with the wind ! You end up burning steaks because it does n't retain the heat . What a waste of money . I tries it twice and then I trashed it and will locate one with a cover on it.It 's probably good for hot dogs and thin hamburgers , or heating items in a pot .
 I never did get to take my grill camping because , once we finally got the legs inserted into the -LRB- plastic -RRB- holes in the base , we could not remove them to be stored inside ... The grill with legs inserted will not go into the bag . With legs permanently attached , it can not be considered portable ... might as well get a bigger grill .
 Purchased for $ 29 at big box store . I set it up and had concerns after reading the instructions . I then read reviews on it , and decided to return it . `` MADE IN CHINA '' sums it up . Not even a 25 % discount makes a cheap product worth buying . Though I did NOT use it , I read several comments of users that made me think this was just not a reliable product . `` Ignitor failed after two uses '' , `` sticky cook-top '' , `` food burning in center '' , `` legs impossible to remove '' , I 'd read enough.I will gladly pay 3 times as much for a grill that works as expected .
 This timer was great for about the first week . The remote control was a nice feature and one of the reasons we went with this product . After about a week , the timer did n't always turn on according to the program , but we could at least water manually with the remote . Then the fuses started blowing , but no hardware store sells these fuses . We finally found them at Radio Shack and got our timer working again . After all that , the `` off power '' light is on and the timer wo n't turn on the sprinklers . And the timer has stopped recognizing the remote . The manual has no mention of the `` off power '' light , what it is , or how to turn it off . It goes away if it 's turned to a program and comes back on when the timer is turned to auto . The rain delay is not activated , the power source is fine and we even replaced the fuse to a brand new one just in case . This timer only worked for a matter of a month and there is no troubleshooting or support for it . Save yourself the frustration and buy a different timer !
 The remote control is a great idea but , The working range is not good enough.First time I installed the timer in basement above ground and concrete line , It worked only when I hold the remote few feet away from basement window.I then installed the timer in garage 6 feet above first floor , so I have about 60 feet any where around house . In this way , the cable from timer to valve is much longer and drilling through walls must be doneUpdate , It 's dead in about 6 months . At first , stays on for 1 second then goes off . Later , turns on without command , Finally do n't response at all . The star is now down to 1 from 4 .
 1 . Although advertised as and `` indoor '' controller , it is impossible to hide the wires and the hole in the wall for the wires . It 's fine to mount in a garage , but not in the house .2 . There is an 8-inch antenna wire the protrudes from the top of the unit . This has been cut off in the marketing photos and in the photo on the box . It 's completely ugly and they did n't bother to spend 10-cents to cover it with something more attractive . It 's just a bare black wire sticking up in the air .3 . The remote control works on a line of sight basis . It does not do well through walls . It warns you about this in the instruction manual . That 's not my definition of `` remote control '' for something that you will be using outside when it has to be mounted inside .4 . The color of this thing is god-awful .
 The timer took a bit more setup than another time I was used to and the installation of the wires required them to be screwed in instead of flipping a tab . Neither of these are significant issues . The remote worked well and was nice to have since our controls are in the basement . However , we had a bad selenoid that blew the fuse and there is only one spare . When we tried to find a replacement for the fuse , no one sells it . Not Menards , Lowe 's , Home Depot , the local hardware store or Amazon . We have one bad zone and we 're afraid to try to fix it because we can still water the other 5 zones with the spare fuse . If we think we fixed the selenoid and we 're wrong , our timer is now defunct due to blowing the spare fuse . Save yourself the hassle and buy a timer with a fuse you can replace !
 I purchased an Orbit Sprinkler Control Box , Model 57096 , about two years ago , and it has slowly and gradually malfunctioned one zone after the next -LRB- this is a six-zone model -RRB- . I have indeed checked the fuse , changed the batteries , and the LCD panel is completely blank and , for all practical purposes , the unit is now worthless . It will be the last time I buy this brand .
 This timer is not sealed properly which allows water to get inside the unit . The plastic cover fell on the garage floor and broke at impact which now means I ca n't cover the electronics properly ... more water seal issues ! Very hard to program , not to mention the plus and minus keys are backwards !! Disappointing ... V.Michael
 I bought this two weeks ago and yesterday it started leaking around where it attaches to faucet , plastic cracked , never bye ORBIT products - most of them are made in China and show it , poor quality and workmanship .
 This product only lasted one year for me before it malfunctioned and quite working . Despite two new sets of batteries freshly purchased , the solenoid will not engage and turn the water on ; the unit has now has the low battery indicator permanently on . I agree with other reviewers that this product is difficult and confusing to program . Orbit has other products that are much easier to program , but alas they do n't even last a year . Cheap products made overseas , but priced at top dollar . Got to love them red state values .
 Do n't buy this . The manual is confusing and I have yet to successfully program it . It 's just gathering dust . Best I can do is set the current time of day and day of the week . That 's all .
 I bought this mainly because I thought it would allow me to set up different watering schedules for each channel , i.e. , different watering * days * per channel . You ca n't do this . I called Orbit tech support and the guy knew right away what I was asking , and said it ca n't be done with this unit . You can only set the days for ALL channels , and then for each channel you can set the watering start time and duration . You can not , say , have Channel 1 go on Monday for 1 hour at 5 am , and Channel 2 go on Wednesday at 8 pm for 1 hour . This makes this unit not worth the money for me . I 'd rather buy 2-3 less expensive units for each channel I want to control.The manual and user interface are also VERY confusing . A lot of trial and error to set this up properly.Mine also easily clogged the filter , greatly reducing the water pressure . This issue may not be particular to Orbit units , but cleaning the filter was tricky . I 'm going to look for something else to use altogether .
 I love technology so bought this Timer to help manage our back yard/garden . There are two significant problems . First - programming it is not in any way user friendly . Second - once it is hooked to a faucet -LRB- my faucets are just a couple of feet above the ground -RRB- it is basically impossible to see the screen let alone try to reprogram it . I sent it back and got the one with the big mechanical knobs and large LCD screen . Will see how that works .
 I 've gone through 4 of these , 2 with the LCD timer and 2 with the mechanical timers . They lasted one season each . I always pull thme at the end of fall and store them for the winter.One has a stuck closed valve . All have a white plastic -LRB- PVC ? -RRB- insert underthe top bib 's rubber hose washer and all are cracked causing water to leak.I wrote to Orbit about the problems , no response.My thinking
 These globes are good in concept . However , they did not work for me at all despite following the usage directions . My plants were very dry while the globes still had tons of water in them . We were away for 4 days and I almost lost all my plants .
 I was sent an apron instead of a flag with no response to my email
 Please , folks do n't buy this rotisserie . There is a serious flaw in the design .1 . The motor is plastic . The plastic parts melted the 1st timeI used it . In less than 5 minutes of use .2 . Amazon should not be selling a product this inferior.Itwill come back and haunt them .3 . This is the most ridiculous , poorly designed product Ihave ever seen . Plastic parts on a grilling rotisserie , Come On !
 I purchased gallon jugs of all 3 of the General Hydroponics Flora Gro series and finally got around to using it . When I cracked the jugs it was clear they had been opened and poorly sealed shut . I did n't pay much mind and went about using it . To make a long story short the juice has been cut . I ended up testing it and while it did contain some of the nutrients it was supposed to contain it was real weak . This has caused me real trouble and nearly lost my crop of tomatoes . Wish I had of tested as soon as I received the shipment in . This company is on time and have not ever had or heard of trouble with them before but this move here was not a good one on their part .
 It 's hard for me to believe that this item could sell for a listed price of $ 15 . I bought two of them at $ 5 each because I go through them all the time watering my yard . I was attracted because of parts being non-plastic , which usually causes the demise of the nozzle . The one thing that is plastic is the latch that holds the nozzle in the permanent on position , which could break over time . The five selections of spray are not all they could be . The jet selection does not spray nearly as far as other nozzles that I have used -LRB- which is a serious detraction for me -RRB- , and there has been absolutely no change in my water pressure . I do not like the `` full '' selection at all because the water gushes out . The padded grip is more easy on my hands than other models that I have used . All in all , these are worth about what I paid for them $ 5 . I will revisit this review if the nozzles break prematurely.July 17 , 2007 update
 Arrived very dirty , caked on dust/gunk and worn . Plastic shield on handle does n't attach and is just hanging in the box . Was listed as a new item , not used .
 The suet feeder I received is not as pictured . It came with a chain hanger that clips on with an S hook , not the nice solid green hanger that snaps in that is shown in the picture . The shipping is 50 % of the cost of this item - suggest you go to your local store to see if you can find something rather than order this especially since the item you receive is NOT THE ITEM PICTURED .
 I bought this thinking it would be a useful item mainly because I eat so many peppers of all kinds . When I got it in the mail , I was disappointed to find that the holes in it will hold only the smallest of peppers . All the Jalepenos at the grocery store -LRB- and I went to 3 of them looking -RRB- were all too large to fit . Even my homegrown peppers are way too big , and end up just falling ofer spilling the fillings out all over the grill . I have spent some time filing out the holes which has helped somewhat , but basically these roasters are for serranos and other very small chiles .
 We tried this gadget a half dozen times this summer to no avail . The holes fit jalapenos but not much else . The holes are too small to hold the peppers without them falling over . Use toothpicks to prevent your peppers from falling over before you can retrieve them from the grill.I 'm going to sell off this gadget and keep on the lookout for a better grilling tool.In the meantime , check out these handy grilling tools that will expand your menu : Steven Raichlen Best of Barbecue SR8016 Stainless-Steel Beer-Can Chicken Rack with Drip Pan ; andOutset QN77 Copper Nonstick Grill Skillet with Removable Soft-Grip Handle.I have positive reviews on both products .
 This rack did not do well at all . The peppers simply fell over and would not stay tucked into the holes . It might work for tiny jalapenos , but who wants to try to stuff peppers that small ?
 Bought one in 2009 , it worked most of the summer on my average-sized back yard . Stored it in my basement on a shelf over that winter , and tried to use it summer 2010 . It worked for a week or so , then some part of the spray mechanism malfunctioned , I forget exactly what.So I figured maybe I just got a randomly defective one , and I needed to get watering right away , so I bought my second one -LRB- both from amazon -RRB- . This one worked through summer 2010 -LRB- 4 mo 's or so -RRB- , but would lose partial water pressure via a small leak in the joint between the black & green plastic parts . I probably should have reported it to the manufacturer , or tried to return it to amazon , but our first -LRB- & only so far -RRB- baby was still under a year old , and we had a lot going on . So , I shook all the water out of it and hung it on a hook -LRB- a nail , actually -RRB- in my basement . When I connected it again in May 2011 , it worked for about a month.Now , the rotation stops at a certain place and continues blasting only that part of the lawn.When they worked , they were fine . They just seem to be junk.I 'm trying to find a better quality one now , and decided to write this massive review to save someone the inconvenience of multiple Gilmour pieces of **** .
 i purchased two units . I began using one and was maintaining the second unit as a spare . My son had his yard reseeded and browwed the spare unit . The timer does not work on the second unit whch I would not have known had I not lent it out.i
 Unfortunately , the product we ordered from the picture shown was not the product we received . I was very disappointed but assumed that it was a replacement for the actual item ordered . I do not like it near as well as the 993TD impulse sprinkler we ordered . I would be hesitant to order again .
 Like another reviewer mentioned , it just wo n't rotate at any PSI , and or will start rotating and then get stuck . Unit was new out of the box , so give it one star for this one little flaw . Construction is flimsy , it 's made entirely of plastic and looks like it could start falling apart at any time ... Do not recommend .
 I agree with the review about the directions which are vague to say the least . Maybe my water pressure is too low for this sprinkler , I am a novice gardener after all . It justrefuses to rotate and stays in one spot . I have played around with it for hours , getting wet and frustrated . I get it set up perfectly , leave , and when I look out the window 15 min . later it is stuck in one spot . I gave up and bought one of those hoses with holes in it . I give up on sprinklers .
 You 're gon na have to like assembly work . The product comes in a ridiculous number of pieces and has inaccurate/poor instructions . The mushroom alone comes in seven pieces , all shrunk wrapped and has eighteen nuts & bolts . The shrink wrap takes 1 hour to remove and the rest of the assembly another 45 minutes . The whole thing takes 2 hours of competent handyman time . ...
 I build trails for a living and have literally hundreds of hours at the helm of a pulaski , so trust me when I say that the Snow and Nealley pulaskis I bought are probably the worst I have ever used . First of all , the first 2 I ordered arrived unfit for use . One had the head mounted at the wrong angle , and the handle on the other was bowed to the side . So far off to a bad start . Those went back , and 2 more were promptly delivered in their place . Initial impression was good - nice wood , shiny metal , and a sticker that said `` our best . '' They would be great to hang on the wall , but that is where the greatness ends . The metal is soft , losing its edge and deforming immediately with use . The head is too light and the hoe end too small to be effective . It is possible S&N changed the head to a heavier one , but the axes I bought in July ` 08 had very little swing weight . I doubt very much that the head weighs more than 3.5 lbs . Find a Forest Service approved tool with a 4 lb head and you will be much , much better off , and likely have more cash left over . I would recommend the S&N pulaski only to Girl Scouts planting a garden , not adults planning to use a pulaski as it is intended . Mine are going to be returned or thrown into the bushes .
 I 'm not sure why but it seems that the squirrels around my neighborhood -LRB- in San Antonio , TX -RRB- do n't really like this . I 've hung it in a couple of different , but easily accessible spots but the squirrels only occasionally sample it . It 's been hanging for about six weeks now and it 's not even one-third eaten . If I hang out a real corn cob for the squirrels , it will be gone in one day . I was also not very impressed with the metal hanger that comes with this . I recommend a better washer on the bottom and using something to secure the -LRB- too-small -RRB- wing nut .
 I would never spend the money one of these things costs , but I was lucky to come across one for free , and was curious as to how it worked . Because when you plug it in , it does n't make any noise , vibration , or anything . All it does is flash a red LED on and off , that 's it.So I decided to open it up and see what is on the inside . Having a strong background in electronics , I had to laugh when all that was inside was basically a small coil and a circuit to make the LED flash on and off.I did a search on the internet , and I see there has already been complaints against this product from the Federal Trade Commission.I associate with squirrels and wildlife on a daily basis . I pluged this unit in outside on the deck when the squirrels came up for a snack , and they paid no attention to this device , even when placed under thier food dish with an extension cord while I video taped it to show to others how ridiculous this quack device is . I found some spiders and insects outside and placed the unit next to them with the traveling extension cord , and the same thing , they could care less about it.The worst part is that there are only about $ 2 - $ 5 worth of parts on the inside , and they charge around $ 40 for it ?
 Beautiful birdhouse with cute little details . But not made for outdoor use . After one year in the backyard it is rotting . Little parts fall off . If you spend so much money on a product this should not happen . I am very disappointed .
 This is a lovely bird house , but if you want to use it outdoors , then think again . Even in a place where it gets just some morning sun , it has deteriorated in way less than a year . It looks well built , but the wood is not good for outdoors , eventhough I used an application to prevent early destruction of this product . Steer clear if for outdoors !
 I hate this hose . It is too heavy and very difficult to move . It gets tangled . If you try to pull to get it unkinked , it springs back and mows down any plants in its path . Would not recommend .
 While this hose is well built , it is not user friendly . The coils are constantly tangling and pinching off the water supply . Even though it is 75 feet long , it will not uncoil to 75 feet . The further you stretch it the more it crimps . I have not used a sprinkler with it , but the way it springs back , I suspect it would not work very well unless you had a stake style sprinkler to hold it in place .
 Purchased this 75ft hose to use in the pool area . Measured and longest run needed was 65ft ... This hose SHOULD have been perfect ... . However this hose really only has about 45 to 50 feet of useful length . It also suffers from the old long telephone cord problem . The coils interlock and I spend more time trying to uncoil the hose , than if I would have just kept my old regular hose and winder . It also takes some time to get back to its coiled configuration ... Meaning it does not simply jump back into the small area I want it in ; I have to wait and then put it away . Not sure what I will end up doing with this item .
 I ca n't explain the amount of time I have had to spend trying to un-kink this monster . You can pull it out to uncoild the kinks and when you attempt to put it away it just resumes its natural state of a knotted ball of rubber . The only thing more dissapointing is coming back to amazon and seeing just how much I paid for this hose ... wow !
 Do not buy this hose ! It is very poor quality and developed several leaks the third time we used it .
 Purchased this for use in front of my house so I would n't have a tangled long hose laying around . I was very disappointed in this hose . After stretching it out once to wash my car , it did n't want to recoil on its own -- had to push it back together . Also , the connections leaked at both ends . Would never buy this kind of hose again .
 This sounds like a smart idea , but this is hard to handle , will not lay flat for lawn watering , can only be used to hand watering but is quite heavy and hard to manage . I ordered 2 hoses , one for me & one for my mother-in-law . I tried the hose first and after seeing the problems I had with the hose never gave it to my mother-in-law . I will be returning the unused hose asap .
 The hose itself is thick and sturdy . However , the metal fittings at each end are poorly made and leak .
 I had read articles about the use of spinosad to control leaf miners and wanted to try it on some citrus trees . Since the Amazon information labeled the product as `` organic lawn and garden insect control , '' I assumed wrongly that the product was in the safer-to-use category that includes neem and BT . When the product arrived , I noticed that the printed label on the bottle does not use the word `` organic , '' so I read the instructions with extra care . The product has been approved for organic use by the USDA , but the information booklet also warns that1 . the product is dangerous for bees for up to 3 hours after it is applied . They recommend using the product in a area with no blooming plants2 . the product is dangerous for fish and must not be sprayed on waterI certainly can not use it in my garden ... the bees are all too precious and I rarely have a time here in Georgia when something is n't in bloom.Back to BT and neem.Pat
 It arrived in a cellophane bag with no tags or labels . I enjoyed watering with it for two days and then the shower head popped all of a sudden and would not stay on the metal pipe any longer . No matter what I do , it just pops out again . So , sadly it is a good product , but very poorly made . There should have been something to hold the shower head in place . instead it is simply inserted on a metal pipe with nothing to hold it or keep it in place .
 I received a smaller wand even though I ordered the longer one ... which I do n't really like because I needed the longer one to reach farther plants .
 Worked great for a month until the spray head popped off the shaft . It is n't threaded so it clearly was n't designed to separate and it wo n't stay on now . It 's outside the 30 day return window so I 'm stuck with it . Do n't make the same mistake .
 We purchased this to replace an electric Toro snow thrower that worked reasonably well but just takes too long and it was highly recommended by CR . We have close to 200 ' of driveway plus sidewalks and decided to invest in a gas thrower this year . After filling for the first tank it took about a dozen pulls to get it started . It worked great for the first tank and for about 3 minutes on the second tank . Then would never start again . We let it sit for a week -LRB- manual says let it rest for 40 minutes if flooded -RRB- and tried again with next storm . Gave up after about a hundred pulls . Finally , for third storm pulled once and raw gas spilled on the floor.I am reasonably mechanical and would have taken it apart to see if the plug was fouled or if it indeed was flooded . Then I just thought that it was too much a pain and if it ca n't get thru a second tank of gas then why bother . I returned it to the big box store we got it from and will move on to another model/manufacturer . Good luck if you decide to get this one .
 what a ridiculous price for ivy . this basket is not worth that much money . I bet you could make your own basket for under 50 $ .
 Unfortunately I own 3 of these units , I am building contractor in North Carolina and thought they would be great for our customers to use in their outdoor living spaces . We installed them about 1 month ago and have had nothing but problems , the service rep has been out on two separate occasions to service each of these . It is very frustrating for our customers who have had to move their outside parties indoors when the heaters failed.I like the idea of these , but this product is definitely not reliable . I am looking for three new ones and will let everyone know how they perform .
 I bought this unit about two years ago , only used a couple of time , then the pilot light wo n't stay on , asked the service guy to come out , he had to replace the whole assembly unit . worked last summer , then winter came , before storing it in my garage , tried the pilot light , it did not stay on . I thought it was because of the moisture . So went ahead and store it in the garage . The unit never work properly . Such a waste of money . Just buy a cheap one from Costco or Home Depot , so when it goes bad , you wo n't feel hurt .
 If you are thinking of purchasing this spreader you should look into other brands . I have experienced this spreader 4 times now , first one was a friend of mines , whos controol lever housing just decided to break one day , its plastic , briddle plastic . We might have been able to rig something up to work . . but who should have to do that with a spreader of this price . . so we scrapped that one . . next one was while i was working , landscaping , and the boss showed up with one of these . This particular one had serious problems with a wheele locking up becasue of some sort of gear binding in the gear case . So then he went and got the 125 lb hopper one for some odd reason thinking that would be better . Another piece of junk . This one the lever for adjusting the flow rate broke off . . so we had to stick a screw driver in to turn the flow on and off . and not long after just cosmeticly went to hatiez . If i were you and was on the markey for a good spreader , i would go with agri-fab , earthway , or bigfoot , all of them make great spreaders , may cost a few extra bucks but you will thank yourself in the long run . Ergonics are far better , better quality materials there constructed from IE metal where there should be metal , better craftsmanship . Ohhhh one more story for ya before i go . . my mom got one of these for around her house . . i didnt want to outright say its a piece of S % * t so i didnt . . but as soon as i went to fertilize the yard with it the agitator was not working right and no granuals would come through the shoot . i immediatly dumped it out into a bin , and explained my previous experiences to my mother and we took it back to where we got it from and got her an agri-fab 100 lb hopper and never looked back . Precision needs to work on redesigning these a bit . . should be illegal to charge a premium price for a substandard product ~ good luck in your decisions folks . . happy fertiliziing to you : -RRB-
 What a poor design.The `` capacity basket '' is much too wide at the base which causes a large amount of product to be wasted.The controls have a brittle-plastic slide control that is flimsy and sure to break.Distribution of product is inconsistent at best . Frequent clogs but the spray pattern is large ... when it works .
 I had the SB600 , which was supposed to be the top of the line , commercial spreader because I have a huge lawn . I used this spreader for several years and had LOTS of problems with it . It was heavy and hard to push , it was constantly jamming , so I was having to take all of the fertilizer out of it to clear the openings . The control for the spreader were constantly jamming and the thing was just a piece of junk , really , for the price I paid . I was very disappointed to say the least . The good news is that we had a fire in our barn and the thing got burned up so I can get a new one . I definitely will not get a product made by this company . Shame on you for putting out such junk at these prices .
 The basic design and construction are very good . The frame is sturdy , and the large wheels make it very useful . However , attention to detail and design for long life seem to be missing.The fasteners included with the hose reel will eventually rust -LRB- not stainless -RRB- , and will almost certainly cause scratches to the paint due to the lack of washers to separate the bolt heads from the painted surfaces.The hose connection is actually outside the reel , and the hose must be routed over the end wheel of the reel . This is inconvenient if the hose is frequently used a full length . I chose to modify mine using locally purchased parts.There were a few quality problems with the particular hose reel I received.The reel arrived with a scratch on the barrel , probably due to other parts touching it during transport.The galvanized tee used for the water connection caused a mis-alignment of the center of the reel . When rotated , the reel would move in an `` out of round '' manner . Replacement of the tee with one locally purchased fixed the problem.The name plate on the basket was welded on to the basket upside-down . A replacement was shipped to me free of charge , and it was not a functional problem , but might indicate that quality is not well controlled at the manufacturer.The two photos on the Amazon page show two different configurations , one with a basket , one without . Mine included the basket.I believe the price paid would have been appropriate if these design and quality problems were not present .
 Handle could not be slid onto frame because both sides of handle tubing was partially flattened prior to packaging . I had to put ends of handle in a vice to fix . End of pipe that turning handle goes on did not have any teflon tape on it which assembly directions said was required . I had to go to hardware store and buy the tape . One of the tires blew out at 25 pounds pressure from a foot pump . Directions said 30 pounds pressure was the correct amount . Rubber bumpers on front-bottom of frame would not stay attached . I had to remove them and add Washers so they would stay on frame . One wheel bearing had the plastic cover missing leaving bearings exposed.Updated
 I purchased this on July 5 , 2012 . The second time I used it was August 1 , 2012 . Liberty Garden Products 880-2 Industrial 2 Wheel Solid Garden Hose Reel Cart - BronzeI used my hand to turn the reel and the gray paint came sliding off underneath my hand . Underneath the gray paint was rusty steel -- there is not even a hint of ` bronze ' metal anywhere , contrary to what the description advertises . That is unacceptable . The cart works well to maintain a hose , but how long can that last since it is made of rusty parts covered up by thin gray paint .
 Safety questions are important asessment of product . What is there to fear if untrue?New independent testing is showing that these are rife with persistant hazards for the soil , water , creatures , including humans.Official testing not thoroughly done , relied on manufacturers ' data , and only what they allowed to be released . Do some research , do n't be gullible . New York state lawsuit on label claims of safety was settled on behalf of the state.I 've heard a cavalier remark that since we do n't know of adverse health effects , this stuff is fine . Adverse health effects would have to occur immediately , symptoms would have to be completely different from common diseases , and be dramatic and obvious to the naked eye , and would have to be traced to a stew of chemicals that are widely guessed to be okay.We know that is not comprehensive enough , an example the long term harm of trans-fats , asbestos , DES , and so on.Note that FDA is stacked with ex-monsanto employees , has been for many years , throughout all different administrations . Would not be surprising if EPA , USDA similarly compromised . Lots of $ $ being spent to shape public and official opinion , and divert from negative information on this product.Manual removal , mulching with cardboard , goat herd ` rental ' are some other solutions for difficult weeds.Amazon , really should allow negative stars on review .
 My children and I ordered a selection of really fun seeds from you . -LRB- Hmong Red CucumberBlack Sea Man Tomato , Rare Tigger Melon , Mexican Miniature Watermelon , Toga Striped Eggplant , Purple Cauliflower , Unwins Exhibiton 7 Pound Onion , Rare Red Bull Brussels Sprout -RRB- My germination rate has been about 25 % or less . All my other seeds from other companies are doing wonderful on my tables , but my Hirt 's seeds are in a category of their own , small , stunted , wimpy , or not at all . I will not be ordering from you again , and I 'm sorry I wasted my money .
 I am a trained in seed germination . Every seed in this packet had root damage in the embryo and was not able to produce a seedling . Zero . I wo n't buy from this vendor again .
 Picture of red cucumbers is very deceiving . The internet has plenty of warnings about the misleading advertisement about this product . This issue is not specific to this vender but others are advertising the Hmung with pictures of red cucumbers-shame . They get rusty orange at best.Good producing vines but found to be very seedy if harvested at rusty brown stage . Would not buy again .
 Do n't bother . Do n't bother . Do n't bother . Do n't bother . Do n't bother . Do n't bother . And now , I 've reached the twenty-word minimum , exactly .
 Thought it would be nice to grow these and serve at a party . . Nothing came up ... Disappointed .
 I was considering buying these seeds because I liked the interesting color . While the reviews of Hirt 's are n't too bad at amazon , they sure are bad at Dave 's garden watchdog . Amazon removed the link so you will have to google it yourself if you want to see how bad the reviews actually are in a non-loaded environment .
 I 'm currently living temporarily in Eastern Europe where there are huge numbers of stray dogs in the streets , many traveling in packs . Many people also own vicious dogs for protection - fortunately , those in my neighborhood are behind fences . Nevertheless , when you walk pass their house , they growl & jump at the fence as if though the only thing protecting you from them tearing you to pieces is the fence.I tried this Dog Chaser on a walk in my neighborhood during which I encountered about 20 aggressive dogs , both strays and those behind fences . It quieten two or three of them , but did n't faze the others at all.I was so hoping this device would give me freedom & peace of mind to explore here , but unfortunately , I wo n't be biking or walking around much in this neighborhood ...
 The device is small and easily carried , but I can not tell that it works . It scares the cat away if he is anywhere near by and dogs seem to take notice but do not noticeably attempt to get away from the noise . I have not yet had a reason to aim it directly at an aggressive dog at close range , but I get the feeling the actual effective range is probably 5 feet or so . I also purchased the dog dazer 2 and did have a chance to really use it . It worked and ` dazed ' or confused the very large and aggressive dog . In general the dazer 2 seemed to invoke more reaction from dogs during ` testing ' . The only drawback is that the dazer 2 is very bulky like a large garage door opener . The dog chaser is much better sized , but I am just not sure whether it works as advertised . Unlike the dazer 2 , it seems to pulse and just does n't seem to have as much range . I guess I will have to wait and see if it works at closer range although I do not have that much confidence and would likely carry some other form of back up .
 The ` Dog Chaser ' is no longer available , it has been replaced by the ` Super Dog Chaser ' -LRB- according to Techtonian -RRB- . This new product has flashing lights as well as ultrasonic sound . Problem is , this unit does NOT produce any ultrasonic sound . I own a Dog Dazer device that is 50 % effective on dogs and 100 % effective on cats . The Super Dog Chaser had no effect on dogs and even cats had ZERO reaction . Cats are very , very sensitive to sounds so it is obvious that this device does not produce any sound at all . Do NOT buy this item . Techtonian did provide a refund for the item -LRB- but not shipping , either way -RRB- . Techtonian did have a very polite and responsive customer service department . I believe they are a good business taken in by an unscrupulous copycat manufacturer . If you want an ultra sonic device , buy a Dog Dazer .
 I bought this because my kids are afraid of dogs and some dog owners do n't seem to care.What I found is that , although dogs will generally jerk their head around when I press the button , it does n't seem to phase them much . I even held it within a few inches of a neighbor 's barking dog , and the dog just kept on barking , although another dog in the same yard retreated back to the house.It does , however , make my cats jump and run , which may be useful to some people .
 This product does not work . The lights flash but no dog or cat has even flinched . Standing right next to a friendly dog and pointing straight at the dog there was absolutely no reaction . Not a flinch , not a twich of an ear and definitely not scared away . If it did n't work on this timid little guy what chance does it have on an aggressive dog ?
 I tried on big dogs and also small dogs , none of them had any responses . It claims it has a 135 dB sound , and this is ridiculous . How can a 9 V battery can make 135 dB sound . Jet plane taking off makes about 135 dB sound . This is just no more than a flash light .
 I bought this for my aunt to train their Doberman . I wanted to test it first . But there is no response from any dog/pup/cat whatsoever . Some are even attracted to the object in hand and grabbed it . Frustrated , I pointed it at my temple and pressed the button . I felt a slight pain which increased . Pain remained for a while after stopping it.Caution using dog chaser : I think this Dog Chaser should not be used around kids . Technically our adult ears are not designed to pick up these sound waves . But the technical aspects of this device are at best doubtful .
 I have been looking for this product on the web in order to buy it from Chile through Internet . Finally I found it in Amazon ... but it is not sold to Chile !!!
 I followed the directions exactly for 6 weeks and this product turned my ornamental pond into a slough . Water is murky and dirty looking . I would not recommend using !
 Had no affect on the green water in my pond . Perhaps my pond was too far gone when I began to use it , but it does claim to clear all water and had absolutely no affect on the water clarity .
 This is the first item with a 4 star review average or better that has let me down on Amazon . I thought this would be a great option for my backyard pond to clean it without using harmful chemicals . I did the recommended dosages for the first few days . NOTHING . Then , I doubled and tripled the dosages . My pond just kept getting greener ... I am two weeks in , and the pond looks horrible . I am returning the Pond-Zyme . I usually do n't write reviews , as the products I buy usually have very representative comments describing their effectiveness , or lack thereof . This product does not . If you are looking for a pond cleaner that actually works , keep looking .
 This replacement was needed because there was no warning that a grease fire could melt this cast aluminum type of grill . It does say to be sure to place water in the grill , however ; the warning should be more stern . A grease fire in this grill could cause a major fire if grease is allowed to build up .
 Mine melted so I went back to cast iron . I will watch to see if they keep selling this because it seems dangerous .
 I purchased this grill because it was aluminum and had a non stick coating . They clean up easily unfortunately the non stick coating is very thin and comes off using a scotch brite sponge . I knew to be careful but did n't think I had to be that careful . I assumed it would be as durable as most non stick appliances . So much for assuming . Cast iron may of been a better long term choice .
 We use our road trip grill probably more than it 's supposed to be used -LRB- like 3-5 nights/week in the summer -RRB- . The aluminum grate is NOT made for this kind of use . Get the cast iron one and deal with cleaning it . You do n't need non-stick coating in your food anyway . One of the grate pieces cracked off recently . I just cleaned the grates in the sink and then put them on the grill to use . For whatever reason , the grill set on fire on the grate side . I turned off the gas and waited . When I opened it up , the entire aluminum grate had sunk in the middle almost on top of the flame . I 'm not sure if it was non-stick coating being burned or what , but the smoke smelled like burning paper . So now I have a useless grates moments before I 'm supposed to be having my folks over to grill for Father 's Day . Awesome . I just ordered two of the cast iron grates instead . They 'll last forever and not be so detrimental to my health . Wish I could buy these at the store and amend my issue today , but Amazon shipping will have to do . At least I 'll avoid this issue in the future .
 Well , I 'd have to say this product does do what it was design to do - it cooks eggs , bacon , and pancakes fine . But , there is a major design flaw as far as I 'm concerned . When you cook something with lots of grease -LRB- e.g. bacon -RRB- , the grease just runs off the sides through the holes -LRB- visible in the picture -RRB- into the body of the grill with the burners are . It then ignites creating a turbo cook mode ! I was able to turn the gas off completely and cook the entire meal off bacon fat . As ` green-friendly ' as this maybe , I really did n't care for the approach . What a MESS to clean up!If you only plan to cook eggs or panacakes , it works fine . Just make sure you have it PERFECTLY level . I lost an entire egg through one of the side holes due to a little slant . You can imagine what my stove looked like after this breakfast ; - -RRB-
 We just bought the Road Trip Grill to add to our camping arsonal . We love it , but in attempting to use the griddle accessory , we found a major design flaw . It has slot-like holes all around the inside of the lip . So when the description says `` great for bacon '' , I would not reccomend that unless you like grease fires in the morning with your eggs . We could n't figure out why it was made this way , but I probably wo n't be using it for that again .
 When I first purchased this grill and then for the next year or two I also thought it was terrific . Then things started to go haywire.The lock that keeps the top fastened to the bottom was poorly designed . It eventually loosened and now one either had to hold the two pieces together or put an elastic -LRB- `` bungee '' -RRB- cord around it or it will comes apart.Next , the grease cup caught fire . If that was n't bad enough , it is located right by the propane cylinder . We were able to extinguish the fire before it heated the propane bottle but not before the grease cdup melted.THEN , while pre-heating it , the center of one of the grills completely melted through . I read the instructions before using te unit and I recall it saying not to COOK with the lid closed . I have absolutely no recollection of it saying not to PRE-HEAT with the lid closed . Net result
 It was quick and easy to assemble . But it 's rather slow to compost materials -LRB- and , I 'll be honest , I do n't rotate it much - it 's a nuisance to do it -RRB- . But the big problem is that small animals either knock off the top , or chew holes through the part where you can take the compost out . And they create quite a mess in our yard . Next time , I 'll get an `` off the ground '' version , and perhaps a tumbler that I can turn with a handle .
 Quicky delivery of this produce and assembling was easy . Definitely a 4 star on how it fits in my yard . Does n't take up a lot of room . Disappointed tho in the lid of this composter . It does n't lock in . The two swinging doors on wach side of the lid have terrible hinges - very flimsy . The big problem ? When you go over with your kitchen or yard scraps to dump in , the swinging door does n't stay up . So you need a free hand to hold it open which can be a real pain if you have a heavy pail full or cumbersome yard scraps . Really not worth $ 99 .
 The composter I purchased from Gaiam arrived incomplete ; in fact it was missing several pieces . I contacted the manufacturer of this unit -LRB- not Gaiam -RRB- and no one returned my call . I then followed Gaiam 's return intructions , which were fairly clear but which cost me $ 35 FedEx to return . I later received an email from Gaiam explaining that they received the composter and that a new one would be coming to me in December . Apparently they were out of them at that time -LRB- 11/13/2008 -RRB- . UPDATE
 I have had this unit for about 1 1/2 years and I 'm now looking for a new one . This unit worked fine for the first year . Assembly was relatively easy and I 've continuously filled it with a 50/50 combination of grass clippings/leaves and kitchen waste -LRB- no meat or oils -RRB- . I requires more manual turning than I would like ... getting a shovel or other implement inside is inconvenient -LRB- the doors on top are small , have flimsy hinges , and do n't stay open by themselves , so you have to remove the entire top -RRB- . With less turning it has attracted soldier flies , fruit flies , and rats -LRB- note
 The item that was displayed on the site is not the item that was delivered . When I called and informed them of this , they said they did not have the item that was displayed and that I bought . Very BAD experience over all .
 Bought my daughter a JanSport Right Pack for school . Used it as her school back pack for 3 months , and the straps eventually tore right out of the bag ! We loved the leather bottom and the `` look '' of the backpack , but kind of hard to like the bag when it ca n't hold up to 3 months of high school homework hauling . On the other hand , last year 's Land 's End back pack was 3 years old and we had to replace it only because it was so dirty and soiled . Back to Land 's End we go .
 I only bought this item because the description listed below said it was Stainless Steel . However the item I received today was Chromed Steel . I would like the item advertised and not this cheap substitute , please contact me about this!AS ADVERTISED : Stainless steel grilling basket for use with Char-Broil electronic rotisserieUseful for food too small or fragile to fit on rotisserie skewerUse sliced lemons in basket while grilling for continuous bastingEasy-to-clean , sturdy , stainless steel basketAdjustable for different-sized grills ; can also use directly on the grill
 I also ordered this based on the description of `` stainless steel '' and was disappointed to receive a chrome-plated product . Worse yet , it does n't even fit the Char-Broil Universal Rotisserie attachment I have for my grill .
 This basket is NOT stainless steel as advertised . It is merely chrome plated . I returned it immediately and have been dinged for return shipping costs and other miscellaneous fees as the ` error was not our fault ' . Amazon is continuing to advertise this item as something it is not despite being alerted to the discrepancy by other consumers . I believe that qualifies this error as being entirely their fault . This is not the level of customer service I have come to expect and rely upon in my dealings with Amazon .
 Not what it seems to be , you have to remove your grill plates before you can even use it , wish i would hve returned it
 This item would have been fine if it had n't arrived damaged . It has been returned and , previously , I wrote a review about the totally inadequate packing effort made by the shipper . The problem we had was not with the basket itself . In fact , I have since purchased and received an identical basket from another source .
 Char-Broil Triple Fish Basket - This product is designed poorly - it does not accommodate food any thicker than about 1/2 '' - it is not worth purchasing
 This rotisserie is labeled and boxed Charbroil . One would figure that it would be a good fit for a Charbroil BBQ . It is not . I had to tweak the brackets and drill two additional holes into the BBQ side firewall to make them fit right . If I used the pre-drilled holes , the lid would not close . And forget about opening the side burner lid . The bracket gets in the way . I had to pound the bracket flat in order to make clearance for the side burner lid to open.Now after some unnecessary adjustments , everything worked out ok.Cheap plastic motor housing . Hopefully it lasts during this summer.Buy Cheap , you get Cheap !
 I waited 2 weeks for this to come to Lowes after ordering it , and the first time I used it , it turned a 5lb pork tenderloin for 2 hours before it began to stop turning . I was busy doing something while the meat was turning , and when I looked at it , it was n't turning . A most excellent product . For what I do n't know . I would nudge the handle and it turned for a few times , then stopped again . I did this numerous times . Not a good experience!And it made alot of noises . It seemed very under powered !
 If you want to use it with the grill cover open , then this rotisserie is ok.If you want to use it with the cover closed , you will have problems with some grills.The mounting brackets do not provide enough holes to mount them at the right height.The handle is too big and thick and will touch the side shelf of some grills
 The electric motor that came with this item is worthless . It would n't turn a 4 pound chicken without stopping . This is after the chicken was `` balanced '' and the entire unit leveled , etc.per the instructions . What a piece of junk . I 'm returning it and buying a quality product .
 This thing is so badly designed it must have been created by committee.The spitrod does n't insert far enough into the motor.The thumbscrews are way too small.The brackets are beyond a joke and do not properly fit most CharBroil grills . There are no holes on the motor end to allow a proper level fit.The lid on your grill will probably have to be propped slightly open to avoid fouling the spit.The brackets are weak and bend on the motor end when the spit is in place -LRB- part of the reason the rod falls out -RRB- . When using this , you 'll need to be in attendance the whole time to make sure nothing falls apart.Given that Charbroil make this themselves , you 'd think they could manage to design it so that it at least fit theirs .
 First use on Easter Sunday . The motor stopped within 30 minutes . Seems to common with this motor . Avoid it like the plague !
 The motor failed . A replacement unit was promptly sent and in a professional manner . The failed part was returned and should arrive by july 10th . Along with the part was a detailed failure report . The replacement part has not been tested and the response to the failure report is currently unavailable.The customer test may not proceed until a response from the failure report validating the assembly in available .
 The motor on this unit is so worthless that it lasted on my grill only about 30 minutes before complete burn-out . I was so disgusted with it I do n't even want a replacement motor from Charbroil . The grill I purchased from them -LRB- at Lowe 's -RRB- works fine but the rotisserie motor Manufacturer/Supplier ought to be taught a course in quality control . By the way I purchased a `` no-name '' motor and it works fine . We live and learn .
 I bought this rotisserie about a year ago . I would not reccommend it . The motor almost always bogs down and eventually shuts off . You have to babysit it and manually tun the handle to get the motor turning again . It seems that the motor just is n't powerful enough . Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk ...
 First motor did not work , returned the entire item . the second item arrived and the motor sounds so bad , I went out and got an after market motor to use . Everything else is fine the motor is really poor !
 Do not buy this rotisserie !!!!! It broke down within the first 10 minutes of use .
 I found this to be pretty easy to put together , and was pleased with how it was cooking a 4 lb . roast -LRB- it is supposed to handle up to 10 lbs . -RRB- However within a half hour of cooking the motor burned out -- the unit was still getting power , but would n't turn . I am waiting for my replacement -- I will give one more chance -- so hopefully that one will fare better .
 Fell apart after two uses , could n't balance the food on it well enough to make it work the first two times . Not worth the money , and a retrofit is always a chancy business ... not good quality .
 The moror is suprisingly weak , did not think it was going to last until i was done with it the first time i used it . Also the brackets it rides on are really flimsy .
 Save your money if you 're buying this to pair with a Weber Genesis Silver gas grill . There are no holes on the right side of the grill to attach one of the Charbroil brackets . Since there are grooves on the right side of the grill , you might think you can merely lay the bar into the existing groove . Unfortunately , none of the brackets that come with the rotiserie , that must be used to hold the motor , let the motor sit low enough to line up with the opposite groove . I suppose one could jury rig something to make it work . I returned mine and bought a Weber product .
 This item is so bad it does not even deserve one star . The reel broke when I dropped it , the hose kinks worse than a regular hose and you have to remove the hose entirely from the reel to use , than thread it back into the slot to rewind . Very time consuming .
 I 'm not sure why the other reviewers have glowing things to say about this saw . The frame is rigid as mentioned . There is NO tensioning mechanism for the blade . The blade tangs are made of what looks like aluminum and are barely adequate to hold the blade in place . The blade itself cuts VERY poorly , so poorly I was wondering if I got a manufacturing defect . If you have a few extra hours to kill , then by all means use this saw to cut a branch or two ! The whole point of a bow saw is portability and quick sawing action . This one fails utterly.I purchased this saw in June of 2008 . It was manufactured in China .
 Bought it for my dad for Christmas . First time he used it this spring the whole saw part broke off . So dissapointed !
 It 's a bow saw , and it cuts wood . Does the job . Blade is sharp enough and long enough . The saw is wide enough to go through most of what I need it for . If you are looking for something to grab and cut a piece of wood with . This works.If you want to replace the blade ... this may not work well . If you are looking to adjust the tension of the blade , if you are looking to take care of your saw , and treat this as an investment . Invest your money elsewhere.I pulled the saw apart on day one , and barely got it back together without it falling apart on me . The pin at the handle side is extremely cheap . Actually , the tube is fine . The blade is fine . Everything else is sub par . There really is no way to adjust this saw . To replace the blade will be to risk destroying the saw.but it cuts wood , it does the job required .
 Had difficulty cutting through small logs . Might be for dry wood only or just a bad saw blade -- not sure . If you are cutting green wood , prob . best to look for something that specifically says it 's for green wood . Also cut a little crooked too and 30 inch felt long.Handle seemed a little small too .
 The price seemed good , and the first 2 small branches I sawed off cut easily . While cutting the third branch , a metal bolt holding the blade on broke through and the blade fell out . This basically made the saw worthless , since repairing it will cost more than the saw is worth .
 I 'm rating this meter so others can learn from my mistake . The wand sensor is loose . The needle on the gage just can not decide if the soil is moist or dry . I 'm still sticking my finger in the soil to fiqure it out . I purchased this because I have a few really deep pots . It is doing me no good . Think again before you purchase this meter .
 I purchased this product to do light cleaning of a goldfish pond -LRB- 8x10 -RRB- before winter set in . As others have mentioned -LRB- and is advertised -RRB- there is no pole to attach the vacuum , but I have several telescoping poles , so did n't order another . Problem is , the adapter is much larger than standard poles , so you will have to purchase a special size to fit . Secondly , the suction is very light , and did n't pick up much of the heavier debris -LRB- small pebbles , etc -RRB- . It did pick up some `` muck '' but nothing substantial and the small bag to sift water/debris is so small it is n't practical to use -LRB- unless you do n't mind emptying every few minutes -RRB- . The suction power was n't too impressive , but that could be because we have a well pump , and it may not generate enough water pressure . Of course , you wo n't know that until you try it.I would not suggest this product if you are looking for a small vacuum to do a light pond cleanup .
 This was something out of a Cracker Jack Box . I was extremely disappointed . I purchased this to clean a child 's small plastic pool . I would NOT recommend this product , it was a waste of money .
 This will by no means do anything like a real vacuum , complete waste of money for my 1,200 gallon pond . .
 I ordered two of these . The first one split and made a fountain on the second use . I called and Amazon sent a replacement . Today I put the second one in use and it sprang a fountain the first time . I am sending back all three of them . It 's poor material and poor design . It 's also so stiff that you need to lay it out in the sun for a day to uncurl before you can even think about using it . AWFUL !!!
 i purchased this stand in April 2012 , today half of the finish has been chipped off by the weather . i would not pay over $ 50 for this there are better choices .
 Received this stand all broken in lots of pieces . Seller sent another one that wasnt broken but finish was chipping off . Used one season outside and most all of the finish is gone . Its for outside so not sure why its this way .
 I installed this system 1 year ago . One solenoid stopped working . Investigated and found severe corrosion on the jack/plug . Other two jacks had rust and are heading for failure . DIY , Home Depot , and Walmart sell the system but do not sell the solenoids -LRB- or any other parts for this model -RRB- . The solenoids do not appear to be standard or even similar to other Orbit solenoids . Online the solenoids are at least 20 bucks after shipping . One of the main purposes of this system is the corrosion free plug system . Now I have clipped the plugs and am back to silicone filled wire nuts .
 I installed two of these at my house two years ago because I liked the screw-in feature . Since then , four of the six valves have had the worst possible problem
 I purchased 4 of these to create a 10 zone system spread out over four valve boxes . I used 3 schedule 40 extensions between each box for proper spacing , one unit per box.The Bad
 Do not waste your time and money buying this inferior product . Unfortunately I bought four and in the end had to replace all of them due to leaks , of course this was after alot of aggravation and wasted time . Do yourself a favor and buy a quality manifold from rainbird or hunter . As an engineer I would feel shame to have my engineering name associated with such an inferior product .
 I am not sure what Orbit is thinking about but when I went to replace one of these manifolds from about 5 years ago the new one is about 2 inches too long and the outlets are 1/2 too far apart to retrofit . This is inexplicably stupid . To engineer something that will not replace a previous part simply puts you out of the market . I did as advised here and ordered a Rainbird mainfold and valve set . If I have to go in and re-engineer the entire valve system I 'm sure not going to do it with something that ca n't be fixed or updated and that customer service wo n't even respond to . I could n't even find a older model on the secondary market . I will admit that the valves actually gave me no trouble over the last few years and they ARE available . But the manifold is not . Pretty ridiculous .
 ORBIT stans for OVER RATED BETER INSTALL TOROI work on this system EVERY spring at a great cost and haveing a hard time to get parts WTF
 I bought mine at Lowes . My solenoids would go bad all the time , I RMA 'd them so much that the factory stopped responding to my emails . THe unit that I purchased also had a known problem with the diaphragms so I would have to get replacements every summer to fix the known issue . Eventually my warranty was dead and I just went out to fire it up again and all the joints leak , the diaphragms leak , another bad solenoid . I think Rain bird for replacements ? and I am going to glue together my own manifold . Dont buy this because you think its easier . I did and I want to punch myself in the face . Good luck with any other item , you cant go wrong unless you buy this one.AS for as the buyers listing it , I dont have anything against them , jut the item .
 I thought I bought from a company that had the interests of the consumer as a focus . Great idea to bundle a three valve manifold TERRIBLE decision to change the way a new model came out making getting replacement parts impossible.Orbit has effectively turned my sprinker installation focus toward TORO and RAINBIRD by this decision . Soelonoids that do not have a pairing connector forced me away from ORBIT as well . It is like buying a car only to find out the tires and rims are not replaceable once they wear out or break.IF YOUR LOOKING TO INSTALL YOUR OWN SYSTEM ... LET ORBIT SPIN IN SPACE AND USE A CONSUMER FRIENDLY COMPANY INSTEAD .
 Poor quality of the product . Leaks on both sides regardless of tape , puddy , etc. . I will never purchase another Orbit product .
 I need service on my brand new Husqvarna 350 after two hours of use . I looked up the closest shop to my home and found that the closest one was also the most recommended . I drove on down to the shop only to get hassled about `` where did I buy it from ? '' What difference does that matter ? I have a brand new chainsaw with valid receipts from a authorized dealer and they are giving me a hard time because I did n't buy it from them . I convinced the repair guy that it WAS new and under warranty and left it . An hour later I get a call from the shop saying it will cost me $ 25.00 for them to look at it ! WTF ?!? I told the guy I would be right back to pick it up.I promptly emailed Husqvarna about my warranty problems and never received an answer.I took the saw to a second shop listed on their web sit only to be told that it would have to be rebuilt at a cost of $ 260.00 ! WTF !?! I picked the saw up unrepaired and emailed them again ... and again ... and again ! No reply ! Not a `` go blow '' , not a automated email stating they even received anything.Husqvarna may make a good product but they sure do n't stand by them . Warranty is n't worth the paper it 's printed on . Stihl gets MY $ $ $ from now on !
 I bought one of the earlier 350 's -LRB- the model is discontinued , so if you find a new one , it 's NOS and may not be warranteed -RRB- , and it self-destructed in less than an hour . Warranty repair nil as the dealer said `` You must have used a bad mix '' , which I had not . Did n't give up and replaced burned piston and rings - several times in relatively low usage . This model , for reasons possibly related to early versions , scores pistons . I think there were mods over the years , but Husky does n't talk about it , so you ca n't check what you have or get parts that may work better . I see pretty good reviews for amateur use of some versions . Parts , of course , cost about what the saw does , so the dealer 's first advice was to throw it away ! When it runs , it 's great , light and low on vibration , even though it consumes plastic oil pump drives , has extremely flimsy main control parts , and a recurrent and well-known muffler loosening problem that results in melted main casings . But scored pistons on proper mix is just plain bad engineering . The arborist pundits say to substitute a cylinder and piston from the pro series saw - but these are also quite expensive to experiment with , especially if the actual problem is not in the cylinder itself .
 I bought two sets of the sprinkler system based on earlier reviews . Like books , reviewers feel they have to post a positive review . The sprinklers are plastic and so light they do n't maintain a fixed position . Water pressure variations reduce the effective coverage area . I use them on small plots fowers . I will be using drip = hoses for flower plots , and regular metal sprinklers for larger areas .
 I personally did not like this product it does n't spray enough . I thought it was the pressure but all my other sprinklers work fine and it did n't work at my friend 's house . I was going to call and return but at the end of the day for the 30 bucks it just is n't worth it .
 I had been looking for something that worked like an in ground sprinkler system that could at the same time be hooked to my faucet . Now I can see why this is impractical . No matter how high your water pressure is , the volume of water moving through a garden hose is simply not high enough to power much more than a single sprinkler . If you happen to have a very small yard , this product might work for you , but then so would most any sprinkler . This product is quit cheaply made , and I doubt if it will last long . The amount of water coming out of each head is quite low , and I have great water pressure . I would suggest spending the money on one of the tractor type sprinklers , as at least you can water an entire yard with them if you have the patience to make a track for the sprinkler to run on . This product is definatly a dud in my opinion .
 I bought this back when I was on community water . We had decent water pressure -- enough to run any single sprinkler GREAT . But this dumps water on your lawn or garden very , very fast -- note that even people on municipal water systems can have problems . So if your water pressure is always high , this will probably be great . Otherwise , find another solution .
 I do n't know anything about doves but thought that these would be fine for pigeons -- yea , I 'm a city pigeon feeder because I feel these birds were here long before we humans took over , this is their home . Plus I like having `` wild '' life around me in the city , even pigeons . They 're smart enough to begin to recognize people , so they ca n't be so bad . So I feed them and if I 'm feeding them I want them to get their natural food stuff -LRB- not leftover hamburgers or potato chips people have spilled on the street -RRB- . I 've been giving them raw shelled sunflower seeds and some oat seed stuff I get from the health food store but thought some actual bird see would be good , maybe contain stuff I did n't know pigeons would eat . But this bag was mostly small seeds that my pigeons found too energy consuming to eat . Maybe if you keep captive birds in a cage and feed them in deep dishes , the birds could get enough in their bodies to make it worthwhile but wild birds who have to peck aat little seeds from the asphalt or concrete , no go .
 My husband bought this product for his goldfish and koi . This product clouds the water terribly and leaves a bad smell . Do n't buy !
 The Turbo Elite use to be a good bbq when it was made in Austrailia but bbq 's galore went bankrupt and some how retained the name turbo elite and now it 's made in China that should say it all . Be ware
 Sizes for grill grates would allow viewers to measure and choose . After 2 years I do not have the box , -LCB- didnt keep it -RCB- or the model number of my New Braunfels smoker . Leangth x width is all we need to choose proper grates . Thankyou
 Bought this and the one with the bristles to go outside Side entrance for all to use before entering . Trouble is , both are tiny , not weighted well and no one seems be able to clean shoes with either one , they just fall over . After three months making matters worse , this one began to rust . One more thing , the bristle one - that is to say , the Scotty dog is larger , it is not just the bristles making it appear larger - so they do n't coordinate as well as I hoped . I had planned to sink in some concrete to try and stabilize but with the rust now being a problem , think I may just pitch . Learning curve , hope my experience helps others avoid spending good money badly .
 In 43 years on this planet , this product comes with the most worthless set of instructions I have even seen .
 I will start by saying this is the first thing I 've purchased from Amazon that I am really disappointed in.From the time I opened the package my main thought was `` cheap '' . I put the unit together as per instructions , but I was never able to get a spark . The trigger itself was very hard to push and I played with the arrangement of things for over an hour and it never worked once . I can do a lot of lighting the grill with my lighter in an hour ! This thing went into the trash the day I got it .
 I bought this kit to replace the original igniter that has n't worked for years.The first problem is that the ground wire has the wrong connector so right of the bat you get a bad feeling about the quality of the product.Then the ignitor box wo n't attach to the burner without shorting out to the burner case so I cut an opening big enough to let it fit but I still could not get it to attach to the burner tube.I took the whole thing apart and attached the spark plug with a folder clamp.It finally worked but only 3 times , because the ignitor button would not snap back any more.I threw in the towel and admitted defeat , threw it in the trash and got out my gas lighter that I was using before I wasted an afternoon trying to get this piece of S *** to work.The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because I was trying to attach it to a universal burner tube that it was n't designed to fit so I gave it the benefit of the doubt .
 I bought this because I had a Char-Broil grill . The 1st step was install ground wire to collector case . It was inserting a square plug into a round hole , except the round hole was on a thin connector to the ground wire . It snapped , instead of inserting . Next step , insert the whole thing in the trash bin .
 Where to start ? I purchased this kit to replace the spark ignition for my gas grill . The kit comes with wire leads for two separate burners -LRB- one for the main grill burner and one for a side burner -RRB- and one ground wire -LRB- three total -RRB- . I only needed one for the main burner ; however , if you need to wire both you will have to purchase a second kit since the sparker only has two leads coming off of it -LRB- one positive and one ground . -RRB- Furthermore one of the wire 's end pulled easily out of the copper connector that it was crimped into , rendering it useless ... so I ended up having to use the three foot long wire meant for a side burner to go the 10 inches from the sparker to the burner.Another issue I had is that the clamp that holds the spark element near the burner kept slipping off . Lastly , the metal connector that attaches to the spark element pin is TOO LONG ! The gap between the end -LRB- where the wire is crimped into it -RRB- and the grill chassis -LRB- which is grounded by virtue of contact with your grill burner -RRB- is shorter -LRB- or in my case , nonexistent -RRB- than the gap between the element and its intended ground . This results in no spark at the burner . You can try to bend the connector away from the chassis , but it barely stays on the spark element as it is since the female connector is for a pin type and the male connector is a tongue type.I was able to get a spark by wrapping the connector with electrician 's tape , but this melted off after one afternoon 's usage and I was back to no spark . My verdict
 The pH scale on these test strips is too choppy -- the scale only has colors for 6.4 , 6.8 , 7.2 , 7.6 and 8.4 . The ideal for a spa is 7.5 with an optimal range of 7.2 to 7.8 . Basically this test strip gives you just 2 colors to check water values . Needs to be improved for a smaller scale in 0.1 increments between 7 and 8 . Otherwise , works as advertised and confirms another test kit we use as our go to measurement tool -LRB- it uses titration of a solution to more accurately determine pH and has an interval of 0.2 between 6 and a bit under 9 . -RRB-
 We have always bought these Test Strips for our hot tub . Imagine my disappointment when I finally opened the package today and found that the bottom says ` bromine ' . NOTHING in the description stated this and I clicked on the strips in my Amazon History that I purchased in November 2011 for 45010 Chlorine Test Strips . They may work the same but the color chart is harder to read than the original ones . Disappointed . Not sure where we went wrong this time .
 This is the second `` strip '' tester I have tried after running out of ones I received with the spa . The PH reading is not accurate and does not give you an accurate enough indication of PH level . I find that I must use the test kit now instead of being able to rely on these . Do not buy these .
 Caution
 I purchased this wood chip box locally at a big box hardware store for about $ 12 plus tax for my new propane smoker.It is too small , holding only 100 grams -LRB- dry -RRB- of hickory chips which were soaked in water . With box directly above burner it took 12 minutes -LRB- 350 F air temp inside smoker -RRB- for the first smoke to show and an addition 2 minutes -LRB- 14 minutes -RRB- to get good steady smoke which lasted only 14 minutes . 28 minutes for 14 minutes of smoke!Preheating cast iron box for 10 minutes , then put in soaked wood chips . Smoke started at 6 minutes , with steady smoke at 9 minutes which lasted 16 minutes . Still not enough for a deep smokey taste.If you want just a lite smoke taste , this chip box might work for you ; but for those like me that like a hearty smokey taste it falls far short.If a lite smoke taste is all you want , save your money ... use heavy duty aluminum foil , place soaked wood chips in the middle and make a sealed pouch . Then poke a few small holes on one side with a toothpick , skewer or fork . Put on grill to get a smokey taste with almost no cost ! I have used this method and it heats up quickly and smokes for around 10 to 15 minutes depending on the amount of wood chips and species of wood .
 these take too long to heat up wood chips , just use tinfoil and poke holes in it , easier and quicker cleanup as you just toss the tinfoil packs when you are done .
 I put this together with ease and felt really confident until I got it outside in the driveway . It will NOT move forward without catching and stopping . What gives ? It picked up nothing ! If I had paid full price for this I would be livid . A broom and dustpan will do fine thank you very much ! At least I wo n't fly over the `` comfort bar '' and break my neck !
 This product never worked properly . The wheels ` tracked ' on a curve or height change . Then after just two months the worm gear failed rendering the item totally inoperable and useless . I bought it before it went ` on sale ' ... paid twice the $ and got a headache trying to contact the manufacturer . The seller wo n't guarantee it and the maker does n't answer their phone number and has a website under construction since 2005 ! The listed business address is a gated housing complex - locked . I will amend this review if they return my money .
 I would rather clean my garage or driveway with a sheet of plywood than this thing . It stops dead in its tracks on a dime for no reason -LRB- well poor design -RRB- , and it leaves a thin line of debris right in the middle where the brushes rotate . You thought the line a dust pan leaves behind is bad , this is a never ending thick line of debris.I bought this for $ 20 -LRB- with free shipping -RRB- and now am giving it away for free on my local craigslist.org to someone else who wants a headache . I would not buy this thing for $ 1 if it was offered to me.Save your money , a $ 5 brrom from Biglots will get the job done better and quicker .
 Cable is too short , when the fire starts if I dont watch it and remove it fast the electrical cable will melt . they have to put a longer cable on this .
 So I bought this starter in May and 8 months later , it broke right in the middle . It 's defective and now it 's out of warranty . I may be SOL but that does n't mean you should be . Move on people ! There must be better products out there .
 Shipping is almost as much as the starter . I think I 'll stick with the chimney that 's eligible for free shipping .
 The product is difficult to use in a Weber charcoal unit . no curve in the hndle to allow the heating element to be flat on top of the coals .
 I bought this model rather than a cheaper one because the picture shows a relatively long power cord . The power cord is actually less than a foot long . I even ordered two , because in the past it has been hard to find a model with a power cord long enough to be used without an extension cord , so I feel doubly cheated .
 This review is only on price . I am surprised that both the local Home Depot and Lowes can price this at 40 % lower Amazon in April 2011 . This matches the comment by the reviewer in August 2010 .
 This tool is well designed over all and is sturdy . However , the replaceable brush head tends to pop out of the holder/handle easily.I have found using steel wool held with a pair of pliers works equally well and is much cheaper !
 I 'm very sorry to say that this brush just ruined a great family meal . We brushed down the grill grates ahead of grilling , threw on a couple of beautiful flank steaks and a bunch of veggies , only to realize later during the meal that the brush had essentially disintegrated leaving hundreds of tiny metal wires all over the grates and all over our food . We found out by someone spitting one out onto their plate and at this point we 're just hoping that none are lodged in our digestive systems . Needless to say , we did n't finish our meals.I strongly suggest everyone not purchase this brush ! It 's a bad product , that could really cause damage to your health !
 While the concept of a replaceable brush is great , I must concur with the other reviews . After a bit of use , the metal bristles start to fall out onto the grate you are cleaning . When you put food on the grill , the metal bristles stick to the meat you are cooking and it really ruins a meal . One of my family bit into one and it was not a good experience .
 I thought that a grill brush with replaceable heads was a brilliant idea . Well ... I have come to find out that due to the poor quality of the brush heads they need to be replaceable because the metal bristles fall off during use and remain on the grill grates and can get on your food if you are not careful . I will be going back to a Weber brand brush . Please do n't waste your money and risk the chance of eating metal bristles with this terrible product ; Char-Broil should be ashamed to offer this product !!
 At first I thought this brush was great , but then I noticed a bunch of the wires had fallen off and were on our plates . Apparently they just fell of the brush and stuck to the food . Too bad we were almost done with our meal before we noticed it . Stay away from this brush ! The other reviewers are right ... the wires DO fall out .
 This is a poorly constructed product which uses only 1/2 '' hose . Mine stopped retracting the hose after only a month . Mounting is awkward , end pressure is mediocre unless you are starting with very high pressure.Would not buy from this manufacturer again .
 Bought this product some years ago . Followed all the instructions . It never worked ; reading never changed . Called the company for help the person was curt and not helpful .
 Purchased in 2010 . The Floatron DOES NOT work . Tried to use in 2010 . We purchased chemicals to clear up pool , within 2 days Algae would be back . This went on several times before we realized that the Floatron does NOT save you money in fact we spent more on chemicals by thinking the Floatron would work and we had to buy extra chemicals to clear up the pool . I called Floatron , spitting in the wind would accomplish more than trying to have a conversation with Floatron . I have n't seen Floatron advertised this year , are they out of business ? Do n't waste your money on Floatron Ionizer . I am sad that I gave away almost $ 300.00 -LRB- That I did n't have to waste -RRB- to a company with such RUDE people .
 Firstly - why this is categorised as a ` TOY ' is beyond me.Having said that , as -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- it 's pretty useless as an alternative to chemicals.I live in the tropics , with 90 degree heat and almost constant sunshine . Throw in tropical rainstorms and you have the perfect recipe for green pool algae . So I purchased a floatron , paid for international shipping , then had to pay ` import duty ' and ` customs handling ' -LRB- welcome to the Philippines -RRB- , and $ 500 later dropped it into my pool.Didn ' t seem to make ANY difference whatsoever!It still floats ! It still offers a reasonable amount of amusement when my daughter invites her friends over , so maybe a TOY is the best description after all.Basically a HUGELY expensive -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- waste of money .
 I have the Floatron in my pool for over 4 years . During that time , I had no problems with the pool , but it is unclear whether that can be attributed to the Floatron . I still need chlorine and I still need to shock to prevent disaster , and I do n't have hard data that I need less of it thanks to Floatron.I keep it in , even though the skeptic in me can not find objective hard evidence that this device actually works -LRB- not in my pool , nor from credible reviews on the internet -RRB- . It looks cool and high-tech . The claims of ` no chemicals ' and ` mineral ions ' by Floatron are nonsensical . The device dissolves a heavy metal alloy -LRB- mainly copper -RRB- in the water using electrolysis , and that is hopefully poisonous to algae.The Floatron 's durability is as expected given the harsh circumstances of sun and water . It holds much better than any solar garden light . Still , its a bit disappointing given the hight price point . The plastic body discoloring and the rubber ring surrounding it shows its age . It also started to leak and sink , which forced me to trill 2 drain holes in it . Overall , I would probably not buy this again .
 Length :
 I 've a Koi pond and bought this product based on Amazon reviews and the product web site saying that it 's safe to use in Koi pond.The product works in that it cleaned up my pond by killing algage but it also made my Kois sick.Basically , the product releases toxic -LRB- copper -RRB- slowly which if I had known , I would n't have bought . Also , this product is banned to be used in Spa . These important facts should have been disclosed and copper test kits should have been provided instead of misleading Ion test kits.I do n't recommend this product for Koi ponds . Even for swimming pools , I 've doubt on the safety .
 THIS IS NOT A TOY . Ignore the ratings , as they were for a toy . Big indicator that someone who sells this product does not know what they are selling . If that does not tell you what you need to know , here are the rest of my comments . The floatron has no indicators to know if it is working or if it is helping the pool . It is solar powered , supposedly , but there is no way to tell if it is on or not . There is a row of yellow dots , but you can not tell if they are lights or are painted . The only indicator anything is going on is that the core gets coroded and the basket holds debris . It seems very sturdy and withstands a lot of rolicking teen boys and lots of kiddos in the pool . Our local pool store says it is not needed . It is hard to say whether I can tell a difference after 4 weeks of use . I think it has helped to raise the chlorine to the appropriate levels and to use less , but it is hard to say . I do not perceive a difference in algae issues and have had to add chemicals once after three weeks of use . Cleaning it is nasty but easy . Be sure to wear latex or rubber gloves or you will have stained cuticles for at least a week . I will update this review if I determine any differences to report . At the price , my recommendation is definitely not glowing . I have a frog bac-pac system with a mineral ring , but it has been less effective through the years . I thought this might supplement adequately . The jury is still out ... but initial impression is less than stellar .
 I decided to give it a try to Floatron . It is floating in my pool for 10 days now . I have done the Ion level test before I started and 10 days later . When I started I got 0 reading . After 10 days I still get 0 reading . I can see the blue chalky residue on the mesh around the copper rod . So something is happening . I have taken a small bucket -LRB- about 2 gallons -RRB- and filled it with pool water . I put the Floatron in the bucket so that its rod is covered with water . I placed the bucket under the a sunny place and waited for 30 minutes . After 30 minutes I have retested the water with the test kit shipped with the Floatron . The result was very high copper ion levels in the water . So it is working for sure , but the release rate is slow . I have done the same test to reach a 0.4 ppm level and it took about 2 minutes , testing every 15 seconds . My conclusion is that it will take 166 hours of direct sun exposure to bring a 10000 gallon pool from 0 to 0.4 ppm . You can calculate your total wait time based on that . Keep your chlorine high during that time.The construction seems to be sturdy . It does not take in water . I clean it with the provided brush . The plastic screw knob that ties the mesh into the rod feels flimsy . They have provided one spare . So they know it will eventually break . Why not just provide a metal knob ? For $ 299.00 they should be able to afford it . Floatron is pricey . The total technology on it and the material must be somewhere around $ 30-40 . The most expensive parts being the rod and the solar panel.Once it reaches the 0.4 level I will reduce the chlorine level and see if the algea will stay under control . I will update here.UPDATE July 14th 2011 : . It has been a good 2 months that Floatron is floating in my 20K pool . I have cleaned it , brushed it , theadered it to the sunny spot , followed the instructions to the t . It just does not generate the ions that it claims it does . I used the Test kit and still near zero reading . I brought my pool water to the pool company they can not find any ion/copper either . I just wasted $ 300 .
 The Floatron Natural Pool Cleaner so far does n't work . No copper ions are detected in my pool even though the pool is in full sunlight . I foolishly did n't send this back during the 30 day return period , so I am not sure what I am going to do as this was very expensive .
 I had a small problem with my unit and sent the seller 2 emails which were not returned to date . I had to return this item and thankfully Amazon took care of that for me . As far as using this it was in my pool for 2 days and took on a little water in the unit and the solar panels . Since the seller never got back to me I returned the cleaner and now Im back to using chemicals again . I sooo much wanted to try this thing out . I had saved up the money to buy it but when I needed help the seller was no where to be heard from . Sorry folks . My experience was not a good one . That doesnt mean this thing dont work , its just I didnt get a chance to use mine .
 I used the test kit to test copper ion level after 2 weeks , it shows no color change . Algae level is about the same and I have to scrub the swimming pool weekly . It looks like an expensive toy more than a cleaner .
 not totally impressed . was at the end of my pool season and tried it for a week or so . pool turned cloudy and green even though chems were in order . not really sure . seems like it caused algae ... and a white ring around pool . took it out last week to ready for closing and pool is clear this week with no chemicals ??? any ideas ??
 First of all Amazon needs to correct the category for this product . They apparently think this is a toy when in fact its a pool algae control device . After weeks of non-stop 95-105 degree days and no rain our inground pool is loaded with green algae . The worst in the 20 yeares we had the pool . Twice weekly tests at our pool center show the chemicals are in the normal range . I 've turbo-shocked with high % clorine granules , used high quality algaecides , drop-n-vac & SeaClear clarifiers and my Kreepy Crawler working non-stop , to no avail , After reviewing the other comments I was convinced this was a miracle device to bring back my crystal clear water . NOT ! When I first dropped it in the pool and tested for ions the test was .000 . Three weeks pasted . The temputure has dropped to the 85 ranges its been sunny 18 out of 21 days . Todays ion test shows only a .05 -LRB- trace -RRB- reading . According to the manufacturer it should be in the 2.0 range by now . Hardly what I was excepting from the other reviews . Oh but the way the water is still chemically perfect but still green . With only 3 weeks left before we normally close the pool we 'll likely just close it early and hope for the best next year , but I 'm not counting on much help from this device .
 We purchased our Floatron a while back and had to send it back last month , because it was taking on water and was not working according to the test method . They told us to drill a hole in the bottom of the Floatron and send it back . They sent us the same one back with white paint on the top and with a plugged hole in the bottom where I had to remove the water . I tested it again and it still does not work . I was happy for a year and a half . We are dissatisfied with the company .
 I have had this in my pool in AZ for over a month , I have cleaned it weekly and followed all instructions . It simply isnt working . Just tested the Ion level and there is none at all . Not happy
 Have a 27 foot round above ground pool . Have had the Floatron in for well over two months and still reading next to zero , as the other reviewer said . Just not enough power . And , the solar part appears to be eroding . Really frustrated that this did n't work like people said it would . Hoping someone from the company contacts me , tells me the one I have is defunct and gives me a working one . Seriously , spent a lot of money on this !!! VERY UNHAPPY !!!!
 I am a firm believer in ionization for pools . I have had this for almost 2 years and it seems to work . The test always shows up low but I see there is some color on the test . It sure puts a lot of crud in my DE filter . I open the filter and pieces of `` stuff '' and definitely blue are in there . I am having to clean the DE filter more often . I have to clean this thing once a week . And now it seems to be picking up a lot of metals in the water which I guess is good but the cleaning is really a burden . Also , I tethered it fairly near my pool light and the chrome turned black.When I first got it I had questions because it never tested at all ... seemed to help but the test never showed color and when I called these people were very unhelpful and basically treated me like a moron.I like the idea but before I buy a new element I would like to look into other ionization products ... Floatron Natural Pool Cleaner Algae-free No chemicals
 Well my Floatron has been floating in my new pool -LRB- 35,000 gallons -RRB- for 3 weeks under 12 hours of direct sun per day and when I do the test to check the ion level it is still zero . If this thing is supposed to work it had better start soon or I will use it for target practice .
 I 've had this floating in my pool for just over 1 year and I must admit to not noticing the slightest difference since before it was used.I live in the tropics -LRB- Philippines -RRB- and my pool is used all year in HOT sunshine and tropical downpours . Without frequent addition of chemicals my pool will be green in 4 to 5 days!I know it 's doing something because the copper element needs cleaning quite often , but as an alternative to chemicals ... sorry ... did n't work!On the plus side ... at least it still floats !
 Moved into a home with a large pool , found the Floatron semi underwater , pulled it out and threw it away . Our maintenence person still puts the exact amount of chemicals into the water and has not noticed any difference ... I 'd save my money .
 This saw has been the bane of my existence since I purchased the blasted piece of garbage six months ago . I will admit , I was originally in the market for a craftsman electric chainsaw ; I used one that had been a wedding gift to my parents over 30 years ago with good effect before . Long story short
 I used the chainsaw for half a day and it worked great . Enough power for branches and small trees . Then it quit . I opened it up and one of the wire going to the brushes was disconnected . Could not find an easy way to reconnect as it seems it was just stuck in a hole before . Tried my best to reattach , including soldering , but it quit again after a couple of hours , most likely same problem . It 's not easy to take it apart and at the age of 72 I have cut a good 40 cords of beetle infested Ponderosas in my life -LRB- which kept me warm for 14 years -RRB- , with a 36 '' gas chainsaw that I took apart a number of time , but it took me about 3 hours to get to this connection . Also when you store the saw , you are supposed to drain the oil or it makes a mess in your garage . It 's much easier to fill cleanly than to drain cleanly !
 The saw cuts OK , but finding a second chain has been ridiculous . Once the original chain got dull , I tried to buy a new one . Priced at $ 32.95 !!!! Over half the price of the tool !!! Can not buy anywhere but on line . Chips in the housing is also a pain - you have to dig them out regularly or disassemble the shield to get them out . I do not recommend this saw for anyone other than a person who can only handle a light weight saw for small jobs .
 Who in their right mind would spend 1000 bucks for a woodenpatio table ?
 Poor quality and product . will not work with weight limit designated . Do not buy this be unless your dog weighs under 25 lbs . !!! Will be returning this bed !
 First , this reel came in a bright green color , not grey like in the picture . No big deal , but not as pictured . Wheels went on without any trouble with the wrench provided . The first problem was with the two carriage bolts that fix the hand crank to the reel shaft . The bolt heads are square , but the shaft holes are round . So the bolts wo n't fit in the holes and stay secure while the nuts are threaded on . I made it work with vice grips holding the bolt heads , but never did get the bolt heads to pull into the holes . Irritating , but still no big deal . When the cart was completely assembled , the female brass end of my garden hose would not thread onto the male threads on the reel . The steel reel threads are very poorly manufactured and started to gall the brass threads on the hose . Faced with the decision to send the contraption back or try to fix it , I filed on the threads for about an hour and finally got it to work . I trusted the Ames name , but I would n't recommend this imported product .
 The wheel axles were not in the box . The box was not damaged so they were probably never placed in the box in the first place . No phone number on the user 's manual . Found the phone number on the internet and got an answering machine . It says made in China on the box .
 Received this 1.5 years ago . Has been under the deck semi-protected from rain . Green paint has completely flaked off , creating quite a mess , and the metal underneath is completely rusted . Wo n't be long before the metal is rusted through and this goes to the dump . Looks like gardeners supply sells one nearly identical , but it is powder coated , which is generally immune to the weather . Unfortunately , it is unavailable now .
 The seller -LRB- in my case Ames True Temper -RRB- has a big problem with quality as it took multiple tries before it arrived with all the parts . Also after less than two weeks I can already start to see rust which is disconcerting as a `` Hose Wagon '' is likely to get wet every time it is used . Was n't difficult to but together but for over $ 125 the quality should have been much better .
 When I first got the Ames True Temper Hose Wagon , I was quite impressed with it and it definitely made using the garden hose much more enjoyable . Initially , the only negative about it was that there was no way to prevent more of the hose from spilling off the reel when I stopped pulling on the hose . Some sort of brake for the reel would have been in order.Now the really bad news
 This is a medium-duty hose reel cart . It looks good and has reasonably good fit and finish . We use it in an indoor industrial application so it does n't have to stand up to the weather , but does have to stand up to frequent use . So far it is meeting expectations from a performance standpoint . It handles frequent unwinding/winding of our Ames 100 ft commercial-duty hose , but could be a little more solid overall . The fact that the wheels do not lock is also a drawback , since the cart rolls when you pull on the hose . If those minor issues were the only drawbacks , I would rate it 4/5 stars.However , and this is a big however , everything negative that other reviewers say about the disastrous packaging is absolutely true . It ships in its own retail carton and the first one we received had a mousehole-size hole in the carton and was missing several key parts -LRB- I still do n't understand how such large parts could be missing through such a small hole -RRB- . Amazon sent a replacement cart next-day -LRB- thank you , Amazon , for great customer service -RRB- , and it , too , was missing key parts -LRB- go figure , but they were different key parts from the first one -RRB- . By sheer luck we ended up with just enough parts to put one complete cart together and then put the odd assortment of remaining parts back in the least damaged of the boxes for the return . Based on that experience you would need to order at least two carts and , with some luck , you would be able to assemble one complete cart . I do n't like those odds.Bottom line , I would recommend staying away from this cart . It 's not quite good enough to make the missing-parts hassle worth it .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0009H5T2I/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleAssembly is too difficult for the average buyer . I had to go to the hardware store to purchase missing bolts and nuts . The angle from the metal tube -LRB- part of the reel assy -RRB- with male fitting to the hose which is taken up on the reel is insufficient and causes any hose to ` kink ' . I fixed this by routing the hose to the outer ring of the reel and tying it with a tie-wrap . This affords the hose a more gradual and kink-free bend . Overall , if I spend $ -LSB- ... -RSB- + -LRB- including shipping -RRB- I expect a design that works out of the box and I also expect all the parts necessary for assembly to be included in that price .
 One piece of important advice ... if it arrives with missing parts just send it back ! We ordered this hose reel Oct. 18 and it arrived with parts missing and two months later we are STILL trying to get them . It took a search to find the company on the internet and get a phone number for them -LRB- no contact info on the enclosed paperwork -RRB- . They said they 'd send the parts right out . When that box arrived it had the wrong parts and wrong hardware packet . Another call to the company ... more incorrect parts . It 's now Dec. 16 and we 're calling again for more parts -LRB- getting only voicemail and a message that they 'll return our call on the next business day -RRB- . We should have simply returned the hose reel in the first place instead of trying to `` work with them '' and make it right . The instructions are poorly done , not that it 's rocket science to put together a hose reel . The parts look sturdy enough ... if we ever get this thing put together it might work well . We 'll see ...
 Still have n't used it yet , but just putting it together was harder than it should be . The box was pretty beat up when it arrived , but I did n't want to deal with shipping it back . Some small parts -LRB- bolts , etc. -RRB- did not match the instructions . The handle is supposed to slide onto the rest of the assembly but was almost an inch wider than that . Finally , the hole for the bolt to lock the handle to the rest of the cart was `` dimpled '' in which would n't allow it to slide over the tubing.After some sand paper , lubricant , and alot of muscle , the cart is together . It may work perfectly from here , and it could have been the rough treatment in shipping that caused most of the issues , but it sure does n't give a positive first impression .
 This product came to my house missing 4 critical screws . I spent a long time searching through all the packing material for them , but they 're missing . They 're pretty standard items , so it will be easier for me to pick some up at the hardware store than it will be to return this item ... but it 's frustrating to spend this much money on a hose reel that is n't functional until I go pick up a few pennies worth of hardware.The quality of this product seems ok ; I had to apply some grease to get this thing to go together because it is n't manufactured to very high tolerances . It 's always disappointing to run into assembly problems on something that should go together with no hassle .
 First of all , Amamzon did a good job of giving me full credit without any arguments , but I had to call back until I got a person who 's first language was English . This is an example of junk made in China or some third rate country . It leaked after one week and rusted in TWO days . Ames True Temper sent me a complete new cart for free -LCB- because the defective part was not available -RCB- . The second cart leaked the first time I used it and I swear it rusted right before my eyes . This junk reminded me of the last mid 80 's GM car I owned . Stay away from this lousey cart .
 I just finished my third season with the True Temper Hose wagon . The good points are :1 -RRB- It holds a lot of hose .2 -RRB- It is easy to wind up this large amount of hose .3 -RRB- Easy to transport , but since I leave it in place most of time , it 's not that big of a deal.The downside is that it probably wo n't make it through another season .1 -RRB- The reel is starting to get very stiff and hard to turn .2 -RRB- The chrome handle , pushbar and wheels are rusting badly .3 -RRB- The green paint is peeling and rushing underneath.At this price I expected this to out live the cheaper plastic reels , but I 'm very disappointed with the quality .
 If I had listened to previous reviewers , I may not have bought this item . As they said , many bolts were missing , the instructions are hard to understand and it came with a flat tire . I did not want to bother with trying to return it , so I purchased some carriage bolts at the hardware store and fixed the tire myself . You may want to buy this from a local dealer so you can return it easier !
 Poor instructions , poorly designed ... leaks at connectors , no return address for `` lifetime warranty '' I would n't recommend this purchase
 Stop working when the inside straw starting cracking . no pressure after using it only twice ! I WOULD NEVER EVER GET THIS SPRAYER again !
 I took the nozzle off to remove the annoying spray shield . By the time I got back to the sprayer to put the nozzle back on it had disappeared . Their parts list for the sprayer is very scant -LRB- no nozzle -RRB- , so their only solution is to buy another sprayer . One star .
 I purchased this item several years ago and was disappointed with what I paid for this item . First of all , the item is very time intensive when it comes to putting up the structure.The roof tarp was very hard to put on ; when I first tried to put it on , it would not slide thru the tract-as a matter of fact it ripped ! Second , after I finally got the tarp on , there were a lot of gaps along the sides of the tarp and the bugs still got in.Third-good luck in taking off the tarp to those who live in northern climates because if you do not take it off , `` the snow will '' . The third year of purchasing the product , I got so tired of trying to get the tarp on-I finally ended up in building a permanent roof structure.I do not recommend this item for anyone who plans on taking off the tarp , because it will not hold up . For what I paid for this item - `` Thumbs Down '' .
 The ordering , shipping and all else went beautifully . The only problem is that this thermometer does n't work . It registers 10 degrees higher that any of our other thermometers . We an email and no one answered .
 Taylor Outdoor Stick Thermometerhaving stuck this to my upstairs window.all was fine untill it fell off he window and crashed to theconcrete below which was a driveway and was almost ran over by the car ... Not recommended
 Another made in china useless piece of junk ; readings are off by 10-12F . Do n't buy this , invest in a decent thermometer instead .
 Product arrived in liquid form , not GEL type . Tried it anyway and does not work whatsoever . Bad product and complained to Amazon and all I got is 20 % discount ?? What the hell ? Product does not work and since I used it a bit and ca n't return either .
 I purchased this for my wife 's birthday in August 2007 . We live in California and so I did n't have occasion to open it until December 2007 . The bottom unit has metal flaps that fold in to make a base for the screens and the top -- tabs in the columns holding the top were supposed to slide into slots on the bottom flaps . The unit we bought had been incorrectly manufactured so one of the flaps had been misfolded , so the top could n't go on properly . I called Char-Broil 's customer service and the first thing they told me is that I had n't bought it from them . Which is true , I guess , I bought it from Amazon , who bought it from them . I took pictures of the mailing labels and emailed them to the rep , just to prove I had gotten it direct from Amazon . The next thing she said was that the 90-day warranty expired . This is also true , but the damage was a manufacturing error , not the result of wear and tear or bad shipping procedures . In my opinion , if a company makes a mistake in the manufacture of one of their products , they should cover the fix , no matter when it 's `` discovered . '' I ended up speaking to a customer service supervisor , who also said the warranty had expired , and suggested I hit the grill with a hammer until the tabs went in . Not any help at all.The thing that really got to me is that the rep kept saying to me `` Sir , we want to help you -- we have really excellent customer service . '' First of all , saying something does n't make it true . As the customer , I think I get to decide whether your customer service is excellent , not you . And it 's not . This was not a big-ticket item , and I ended up fixing it myself . I 'm not sure if they even make this product anymore . This review is really to serve as a warning to anyone who might buy a more expensive item from this company . Be advised that they DO not stand by their products , and will do nothing to help you and thus to maintain their reputation .
 I 've only had this for 3 weeks , and it 's only been out of the box for 2 weeks on our back deck . And it 's already rusted . Plus , the coating on the top is wearing off . Am I supposed to take it inside at night ? Kinda defeats the purpose .
 There is fatal flaw in the design of this basket . The two holes for the rotisserie rod were too large . The brackets with the locking screws for the rotisserie rod were too weak . As a result , the basket just flopped around or did not turn when the rotisserie rod would rotate . I have a Weber Grill . It took me two hours shaping two short flat aluminum bars one for each end to reduce the hole sizes for the rotisserie rod . The basket seems to working now as intended.I would not recommend this basket until Fire Magic corrects the problem ; it is pretty useless in its present configuration . I think Fire Magic offered this basket for sale before they did any testing ; this would have showed up almost immediately .
 I was planning on buying gardening gloves for my young son , but this really got my ponytail in a knot ... To the seller - why not price the gloves at a reasonable price and then offer free shipping?It is extremely misleading to price it so cheap and then overcharge on shipping.You can ship these for a buck or so ... if I pay 15 X for shipping what something costs I need my head examined .
 Though Dewalt 's generator is the best there is , please keep in mind that you are buying this product from Amazon . In our case , we did not know the unit itself was damaged in shipment , though there was minor damage to the box in which it came , until after we tried to start it . In order to start it , we had to put oil in it . Because we put oil in it , Amazon would not back up the purchase . We were completely on our own . In other words , if there is any minute evidence of damage to the container in which it is shipped , do not give Amazon the benefit of the doubt . Assume the unit is worthless . Send it back .
 I had hoped this pruner would be decent quality . I was wrong :1 . The head is die stamped and not of high quality .2 . It says there are gears . There are no gears , just pulleys .3 . The whole thing fell into pieces mid-air while I was cutting a branch . I could n't locate all the pieces to send back.Don ' t buy this tool.dan
 I received the item few days after I had ordered it . The rope for the pole was not attached to the pole and there were no parts to attach the rope . There were no instruction on how to attach the rope to the pole . Looked like somebody threw a pole and a piece of pole in the box and shipped it . I had to pay $ 30.00 to ship this junk to the sender . I will never again order anything from this company .
 I only wish I could review this product.I have been trying to get some low , green garden fence for a few weeks now and it 's either been out of stock -LRB- where I had to replace the order , using another of Amazon 's suppliers -RRB- or I 've been sent the wrong product -LRB- where neither I nor Amazon has been able to get a hold of that supplier -RRB- . Meantime , we are getting deeper into winter and I still do n't have the fence I need.I only write this because this is the only time I have been upset with the way Amazon has dropped the ball on my order . True , they are using a third party supplier , but it looks like I may have been better off Googling fencing and ordering it directly .
 First off , its rusting , secondly , the door broke off its hinge . I am very disappointed in the quality and would not recommend purchasing this item .
 I received the merchandise quickly . After 10 or 11 fires the screen door hinge broke . I contacted Kay directly and they guaranteed me a new part . I 'm still waiting for the part . Do n't waste your money .
 Not what I 've looking for.I 've returned the lemon lime tree ?? back.They have send to me the wrong tree !! not the Kaffir Lime tree . I got the refund anyway .
 We received and put together the Veranda Sonora Outdoor Fireplace on 9/13/2007 . The item was missing 3 nuts and two of the pre-drilled holes did NOT line up so the Screws could not be put into the Fireplace to Secure it . I 'm VERY disappointed in the products Quality.There also was no address to write to -LRB- email or otherwise -RRB- or phone number to call in order to lodge a complaint and to see what could be done to make us a satisfied customer .
 Bought this soil probe to locate the distribution boxes in my septic field . The probe is fiberglass which is great for strength , but it flexes too much as you are attempting to push it into the ground . Only works well if the ground is fairly moist . Not for professional use or frequent use in any kind of soil conditions . Instead , you will probably want a metal probe .
 Ordered online last Xmas and finally got around to opening it this weekend . I was dismayed to see that the top half of the ` bulb ' had literally cracked in half .
 Ordered as a wedding gift and quite a surprise to open it an find that the main section was broken in numerous pieces . Fed Ex must have air dropped it without the chute . Although I imagine amazon will make the transaction right .
 I received my flags , and wo n't return them since I need flags for the game Sunday . But they are nothing like the picture except the shape . They are solid red . They are not two tone like the picture . They are actually ugly . Very disappointed , I never have had a problem with amazon ever . Too bad !! I was so looking forward to getting these .
 I just ordered this tool thinking it will be like the `` premium harvest black weeder '' but with a long handle , in my opinion it should be curved to be able to pull the weeds since it 's impossible to grab the weeds , even though it has a blade on the back of the hook it 's difficult to get to the roots because there is no way to step on it to push in order to dig , even in a wet soil . Also the part that connects the handle to the blade was loose , it slides down when is in vertical possition . I would not recommend it to anybody .
 not that sharp ... i bought it to weed between patio stones -LRB- square -RRB- ... and it does n't really do it well . . its a waste of money .
 I loved it for the first three weeks . Then the legs fell off as they rusted out before the first month was over . Granted I did not have it covered but rusted out within a month?Do not buy unless you are goig through the hassle of covering .
 While I think the unit is built ok and looks great it would be nicer if it were life size . The unit is too small . Had to pull out the chainsaw to cut the split wood in half . Otherwise , looks great . They should create it bigger .
 I 've been at this thing for the last 2 hours and nothing fits ... I 'm sure I 'll love it after I Mickey Mouse the pieces ... what a pain in the -LSB- ... -RSB- !!!!!!!!!!!
 When put together none of the parts line up.The top wobbles and the sliding gate door will not stay on as the whole thing is out of line .
 Loved it when we first got it . It looked great on our patio . Unfortunately the legs rusted and broke off . Not worth the few months we got out of it .
 This broke really easily within the first wind storm . Alot of the screws were missing when i first recieved it , the only reason why i didnt return it , was because i had the same size screws that were needed
 Upon reciept of this burner I attached the proper regulator and proceeded to light each burner and adjust the air mixer . The middle and far right burner had paint or some other black coating blocking 75 % of the holes which I cleared out , these two burners only partially lit . The far left burner never functioned correctly it would not even attempt to remain lit . The frame on this cooker is ok , the burners are very poor quality , making it utterly useless . Pay a little more and get a different brand . I sent this one back and selected a Camp Chef which I have been happy with so far .
 I was a bit disappointed with this purchase . I bought it to actually use as a birdhouse but I honestly ca n't see a bird fitting down the shaft and building a nest inside . The shaft is about 5 '' high , 3 '' wide and only 1 '' deep . I just do n't see a bird being able to fit in there to build a nest and fly back out . I will most likely save it as an `` indoor decoration '' gift for someone . At least it was n't expensive .
 Amazon 's Product Description says
 have used this product as directed in known rodent -LRB- rat -RRB- areas . Well concealed , well baited . Rats ran right over it to only get caught on my cheap glue traps . waste of money . will try it on gophers , hopefully it will work better
 I did very well for the first 6 or so gophers but now the trap is not killing them . Poor little things are just being held captive but not killed . Very inhumane way of getting rid of gophers .
 I read reviews on this trap and was excited to give it a try . I placed and set the trap as described , but was very disaapointed with the results . The gopher unbelievably was able to defeat the trap many times , packing the trap with dirt but not setting it off and being killed as descibed by the manufacturer . The spring on the trap is too week , and the trigger is of poor material/design . I 'd stick to the `` Vitor '' brand black box , as it works good on gophers not experianced with trapping techniques . I finally decided to hook a metal dryer vent tube up to my cars exhaust pipe , ran the other end of the pipe down the hole , let the car idle for a while , and killed em dead .
 I expect that I 'm not skilled enough to snare these willy gophers . I need an expert to come do this for me but where or where is there a person like that ...
 I bought this trap last Spring -LRB- 2010 -RRB- because of the high ratings . I used it all summer in our horse pasture for moles and never caught a thing . Apparently our mole population quadrupled during the summer judging by the numer of new mole hills in the pasture .
 worked for my sister with decomposed granite type soil . Does not work for me with clay - loam soil in IL . Never caught a thing with this . Waste of $ .
 I read the directions , I have talked with someone who has used them and yet I am watching as the buggers still eat through my garden . I am not sure why these things are so expensive . I bought two of them and have not had any luck catching one gopher . In fact they are eating around them ! I have tried moving them , putting them together , spreading them apart and nothing is working .
 Never had a chance to use it . Had to call in a exterminator for the rats in my back yard . Returned trap
 I bought 4 of these to trap chipmunks . Worked great for two years , but now the plastic trip paddles are destroyed by the chewing of dying chipmunks rendering the $ 22.00 traps useless . If the paddles were metal the traps would be perfect . Do not buy if you have a queazy stomach .
 I plugged the rat zapper tale into my zapper ultra , and it did n't work . I even waited until I caught a rodent in my zapper to see if the indicator lights would light up ... no such luck . At least my zapper ultra works . Unfortunately , my husband threw out the packaging as soon as the zapper tale arrived ; therefore , I probably can not return it .
 Beware the Amazon tickler `` Customers who bought this item also bought ... '' When I saw that , I naturally thought the Rat Tale would work with my Rat Zapper . Wrong ! I bought a brand new Rat Zapper and a Rat Tale to go with it . Lo and behold , when I unpacked my purchases , I found that the Rat Tale only works with Rat Zapper Ultra - which is NOT the one I bought . `` Just return it '' you might say ? Well , the Rat Tale itself cost only $ 11.99 . But with shipping it was closer to $ 20 . With some investigation , I discovered that the seller charges a restocking fee . So if I return it and pay for THAT shipping and then pay for a restocking fee on top of that , I 'd just be throwing away good money after bad . Not worth the hassle . So if you buy a Rat Zapper , be SURE you have the right model before you purchase this Rat Tale .
 I gave this 1 star however i did not get to use it because the actual zapper is crap and a waste of money .
 This company is out of business . I did not need this attachment and there is no future support if your rat zapper goes dead . -LRB- However , I do love my rat zapper -RRB- . You should read about the company that makes this , the inventor went bankrupt suing Victor . And his sister was his main investor -- Michael Landon 's ex-wife !!! Yes , THAT Michael Landon .
 I bought it and used it with my AgriZapper but it never functioned.Even when I triggered the Rat Zapper manually with the Rat Tale plugged in.So , I opened it up and while it says you ca n't service it , you can if you dont mind altering the label on the bottom a bit . If memory serves me correctly -LRB- because I ca n't find it at the moment -RRB- , there are 2 batteries inside that can be replaced easily and then just screw it back together.Good Luck , cause mine is/was and will always be e-waste .
 I bought this product but not worth it , still deer are coming to my yard and eating plant . So not worth it to spend this much amount
 Tried this product for deer , as directed for 2 months . It works great the first day , Everything leaves the area . You then have to reapply in 3 days , and then 2 weeks . By that time the container is empty . In less than two weeks the deer are back . I bought the 3 lb size thinking it would last longer . Getting one month -LRB- or less -RRB- for $ 27 is too expensive for me .
 It did n't seem to put any animals off , including my dog who found the scent fascinating .
 I heard this works for stray cats . Has anyone tried the product to keep unwanted cats out of the yard ? I ca n't afford a fence as my yard is rather big . Help ?
 Product did n't work as advertised . It was expensive and a waste of money . I would n't buy it again I felt ripped off .
 This product seemed to work for one night with our raccoon that adopted our backyard as its poop station . Used it all up over the next few nights but never got any further results . Instead we placed a lamp to shine a light on the area most used by the raccoon - which was an area that was very dark at night . It worked immediately , and the raccoon has never returned -LRB- months later -RRB- .
 It did n't work for me , I use to have a Raccoon that suddenly decide to make den in my attic , after a lot of research and desperation because the live trap did n't work either , and I was worry about instead of have 1 in a few months could have 1 plus 4 babies , I decide to give this product a try.First of all you have to be aware that you must make preparations outside your house , because they advertise that Human can not smell it , believe me it smalls and very concentrate , after be ready outside , it was very difficult to put in stockings as they advertise in they 're website , after a few minutes I was surrounded by flies all over the product.Ok after try and fail , I was able to make the stocking balls to toss in my attic , which I did immediately -LRB- leaving smell in all the house -RRB- i tossed as they recommend , and double the dose , and wait ... I have a camera connected in the attic to check the visitor , and right away that first night with the product the Raccoon was walking in top of all the freshly tossed balls with product.So after following the steps of the raccoon with the camera decide to wait until he went out one night and close the point of entry , luckily did n't find any babies.The only good think that I can tell about the product is that me and my family had a lot of fun watching the raccoon laughing at us .
 I had a problem with 10 raccoons before I used this product , now I have a problem with 14 . The product seems to attract raccoons
 A family of raccoons has taken up residence in a sheltered area of my house . I could hear them scratching and squirming in the little den of theirs , which used to be part of my house . In desperation , I decided to give this product a try in spite of the 1-star reviews . I sprinkled cup each at the entrance of their den and on a pile of raccoon dropping nearby . On the same night , I heard the sound of animal running away from my house . Two days later , I heard a scratching sound near the den , then the sound of a sharp step back and panic retreat . I was overjoyed and I ordered some more . But sadly , on the sixth night , they were back with a vengeance . They made a big racket for 3 hours before they settled back into their den and I was back to square one . During this time , I had applied the repellent twice per instruction on the can . Apparently , the raccoons figured out that the repellent was a decoy and went about their business as usual . They were smarter than I thought.Update
 The grill is not a good grill for the price . It does n't do a bad job of cooking the food but the drip plate is very cheap ... it wo n't last long and the igniter has never produced a spark big enough to light the grill . I have to take it apart and light it by hand . I would not recommend this grill .
 i was really excited about this grill and it 's good but the only problem we have with it is the gas pipe keeps breaking it 's done very cheaply so if you planning to keep it your right and thats it then it 's perfect but if you are planning to move it around i would probably think again
 Purchased as a gift for Christmas , I was pleased when the delivery came to the door in time for me to get it put together for a friend before I leave for my Holiday trip . The package was in shoddy shape but I was n't too concerned because of the styrofoam packaging . Opened the flap and out fell the temperature guage-in 3 pieces . Should have stopped but there was only so much time.Contacted Amazon and got a minimal credit for the temp guage . Cool . Let 's put it together tomorrow when our mood is better.This '' portable gas grill for outdoor enjoyment '' , I expected to have to connect a few things to and be on my way . Might have taken it camping and put it together in my tent . No way ! By the manufacturers count there are 107 loose parts -LRB- counting nuts and bolts and washers -RRB- involved in assembly . Thank god I 'm an engineer . Ooops , I 'm Civil , this requires a Mechanical Engineer.The instructions were followed to the letter , only to find that there is no reason to connect the regulator prior to a dozen other steps that could have been done much easier without the regulator in place . The igniter was supposed to be bolted to the bottom of the grill in one step but was already screwed to the burner and broken . The legs attach to the bottom without mention of the fact they are not off set and a wrench will not fit if you actually follow the instructions.All in all an awful experience of almost 2 hours , and I have n't even put a gas bottle on it yet but will before I give it to anyone so I can check that it will not leak.Who knows ? Perhaps it will be a great tabletop grill . Not betting on itOk , maybe it does n't require an engineer , but my point is that it is not a purchase I would recommend to ANYONE .
 We recently had a BBQ with a large group , so I hastily looked for a small , portable grill to augment our larger -LRB- non-portable -RRB- one . I found this unit for about $ 35 at a local grocery store and decided to purchase it for the event . It does take some time to assemble , especially if you try to use the simpleton tools provided . If you own real tools , it will be a snap.After assembly , it became clear the unit cooks fairly hot , even when set to ` low ' on the gas dial . At the setting , the thermometer -LRB- a nice feature -RRB- registered around 400 degrees when cooking a batch of corn on the cob . I had to keep turning them to avoid any burning , but luckily everyone liked their corn partially carmelized -LRB- browned -RRB- . I was so happy with the unit , I used it for the next few times I BBQed . One annoying problem was the starter cable kept falling off the bottom of the ignitor . So , I had to reattach it to get the sparking device to light the burner at times . Then , one day , the burner just would n't start . I replaced the gas cannister , which I 'd already done once before , but still no flames . I listened closely when turning on the gas , and it was evident that there was nothing passing through the valve.So , I tried yet another cannister and had the same results . In the process of attaching and removing the last cannister , the flimsy control broke off the rest of the gas line tube , rendering the whole thing useless.So , it worked well when it worked with a few minor flaws , but it 's not something I 'll buy again even at a bargain price .
 Sprinkler is very light and is easily moved by wind or water pressure from hose . Have used it only once since purchasing it . A definite &#34; no buy &#34; to future buyers .
 Spray pattern very uneven . One side sprays in a uniform funnel pattern the other side is weak and spray to one side .
 This might be okay if you 're punching thin paper , one sheet at a time , but when I tried heavier paper the plastc - yes , plastic ! - handle snapped right off . Maybe mine had a defect , or a weak section , but without a metal core the plastic will eventually weaken and break . Not at all worth the money , I will never buy one like this again .
 I ordered this product for a school project , it was supposed to be a one-inch square . What I received was an irregular measurement of 11/16 of an inch . The punch itself works well but the project was made exponentially more difficult due to this error in description . I would be wary of purchasing from this seller again .
 to call them anything better would be an insult to junk . thick line breaks easily , over half pulled away from cheesy brass fittings
 This product was a huge disappointment to me . These trimmers were supposed to last much longer than regular line , but they did n't for me . They were easy to install , but their life was no better than a comparable diameter line I have used for years .
 These are WAY too brittle . While edging my lawn , I had to change them literally every 20 seconds of use . I could only edge maybe 2-3 feet at a time before they had completely broken off at the base . Seriously , just trimming grass , no rocks or cement with an electric trimmer . I went through 2 packages just to finish the front yard , forget about the back . For what these cost , I might as well just buy a new weed eater every time I mow the lawn .
 Totally useless as it does not switch to DST . I took it down from the wall , but seems that I am stuck with it as La Crosse are not answering phones , not returning my calls and not answering my emails . STAY AWAY !
 i really like the look of this clock and it worked quite well for almost a year , but ... it seems to have lost its little mind . i ca n't count on the time being correct and when it 's wrong it 's WAY wrong as in many hours.and then just to be playful i guess , it decides to correct itself . so sometimes it 's right and some times it 's not , and some times the second hand works , but mostly it does n't . based on my present experience , i would not purchase from this clock company again .
 It 's beautiful and stylish and atomic , so it 's always correct ! Right ? Unfortunately , wrong . It delivers on the beautiful and stylish portion , but periodically it will emit a high-pitched `` tink '' sort of noise -LRB- that took me two days to locate - fortunately just before I was driven completely insane -RRB- that indicates it is contacting the radio tower to maintain the correct time . I could probably deal with the `` tink '' , since I do n't really hear it if the TV or radio is on , but frequently this results in it resetting itself to the wrong time . In my effort to have a clock that is always accurate I have managed to spend an outrageous $ 40 on one that is rarely accurate . Worse yet , it 's not off by a consistent amount and therefore can not be compensated for . It 's not like you can say , `` oh , that clock runs 20 minutes fast '' and be done with it because it updates daily , with a whole new and unexpected discrepancy in the time . Sometimes it 's an hour off , sometimes less . Right at the moment it is 24 minutes fast.I highly recommend you look elsewhere for your timing needs .
 This is the worst thing I 've ever bought . It 's an atomic clock , but if the reception is not good enough to get the long-wave radio , you should be able to adjust it manually . But this unit does n't allow you to do that properly
 I purchased this clock in February 2006 , and it worked great for 1 year . This year the clock began to reset time to the Eastern Time Zone , regardless whether other time zones were selected . I tried different brands of batteries , and still the same problem . Now the clock wo n't work at all . I downloaded the product manual from the La Crosse website , to see if there was something I was missing . I tried the troubleshooting steps recommended , but without success . I do not recommend this clock .
 The clock runs ok ... , but with a few hiccups :1 -RRB- The minute arm is always faster by 2 minutes and I ca n't adjust it .2 -RRB- Since the Day Light Saving time was changed with the start and end dates , the clock follows the old start and end dates .
 Beware of Sun exposure.I placed the black version of this clock in a shop window facing the street that gets full sun . Over the summer the black plastic backing warped severely thus destroying the clock .
 Pros
 This clock looks great . It 's really a shame that I could n't get a working version . Here is my experience with 3 tries at ordering it .1 . On the first one I received , the black paper on the face of the clock was severely warped/wrinkled . It was pulling free from the sides and looked terrible . We sent it back for a replacement , which amazon was kind enough to ship next-day .2 . The second arrived with the glass front completely broken . -LRB- This may have been due to amazon 's inadequate packaging . -RRB- As my wife said , `` third times the charm '' , so we tried again .3 . The third clock we received looked amazing . Very sleek and seemingly perfect . Once we put in the battery , though , it became apparent that it was not so perfect after all . It could n't get the signal to set the time automatically . But I read the instructions and noted that it is difficult to get a signal durring daylight hours . -LRB- Also , it should n't be within 6 feet of a TV or computer to minimize interference . -RRB- Fine . I tried to set it manually . It was then that I noticed that when the minute hand was at the top of the hour -LRB- 12 -RRB- , the hour hand was always midway between numbers . It would never show the time exactly right . I fiddled with it for quite a while before giving up . This time I returned the clock for a refund . I had enough of LaCrosse.Quality control seems to be really lacking on this product . That 's really disappointing , because it had a lot of potential .
 This is a horrible clock . It is not made well and does not keep accurate time . I will never buy LaCrosse products again .
 I love the looks of these clocks and the motorized arms that zoom directly to the correct time once the signal is received . However , the company 's quality control seems to be abysmal . Out of five identical clocks I purchased I had to return three.Two of the five clocks never picked-up the radio signal . La Crosse support said that since I am in Tampa , Florida that it may take a week to pick-up the signal . However , the other three -LRB- identical -RRB- clocks adjusted to the correct time within minutes after inserting the batteries . These two defective clocks never `` found '' the signal up until the time I returned them four days later.Of the remaining three clocks that `` found '' the signal , the minute hand of one constantly got `` stuck '' between the 9 and 10 numerals and stopped keeping time . I reset it every day , but it was never able to go a full 12 hours without the minute hand getting stuck.The remaining two clocks work flawlessly and are beautiful , but considering that only two arrived functional , I feel that the issue of quality is a serious concern and I am going to wait and see how these two perform before I consider this brand in the future as it takes too much time to deal with the defective units.P.S . Each of the clocks were shipped separately by UPS in five different shipments so I do n't believe it was a shipping issue . Also , I tried at least three sets of brand new batteries in each broken clock , so I know that the batteries were not an issue either .
 This clock worked fine ... . until Congress changed the timing of Daylight Savings Time . I have three other `` atomic '' clocks and two weather stations and all of them reset themselves to the new DST except this one . I 've `` forced '' a number of resets by removing and even changing the battery . Each time this clock goes to the one of the 4 , 8 12 positions and sits there until it receives the signal from Boulder . Then it resets itself but always to Standard Time , one hour early . I 'm in the Eastern zone so I ca n't `` cheat '' it into showing the correct time and this model does n't have provisions to set it manually . La Crosse makes a big deal on their website about how other manufacturers leave you in the lurch on the DST thing but they have it covered . Not . And when you try to contact them they do n't answer their phones and ignore customer emails . Look elsewhere .
 It once looked great in my busy cafe / bakery , but not anymore . This clock is seriously flawed as it does not understand the Day Light Davings time change -LRB- I am so very disappointed -RRB- -- La Crosse has a big customer service problem on their hands . I tell all of my customers to avoid the La Crosse brand completely . I am waiting for a resolution to my problem by La Crosse . Let 's hope they excel at customer service so I can write a better review ...
 Update -- 3 stars . In approximately May , the clock just decided to set itself correctly . So , I have to adjust my 1-star to 3 . Clock looks pretty good , works well when the time is constant , but needs a working manual set feature for when the radio is n't getting the right information . I 'm wondering what will happen when the time changes again , but at least the next change will be in the opposite direction so I can use a different timezone to cheat.I bought this clock at Christmas and had 3 months of flawless service ... right up till the DST change . It will not react to the time change , and as I live in the eastern time zone , I ca n't select a different one to trick it into showing the right time . The `` manual set '' feature that is advertised does n't actually exist , and the `` DST set '' feature , similarly , does not work . Sure , the buttons are there , but they do not function as advertised . Sounds like if I pay to ship it back to them , I could get another that has a chance of working , but rather than spend the 7 bucks on shipping , I 'll just go down the street to the store and buy a regular clock that works . I suppose I can put this clock back up for 6 months of the year ... or re-gift to someone moving westward .
 Received the clock , installed new batteries and within a few hours it had obtained the signal and was working fine . Next morning , however , I found the sweep -LRB- seconds -RRB- hand had stopped even though the clock was keeping correct time -LRB- hours/minutes -RRB- . I was able to tap it several times to get it going again but alas the sweep hand kept stopping . I replaced the batteries with a new set and same result . I ended up sending it back to Amazon for a replacement -LRB- defective -RRB- . When the replacement arrived , one corner of the shipping box was smashed in and also the corner of the clock box also . Unfortunately , the clock was destroyed ... broken glass face and one of the hands was badly bent . Gee , I really did want the clock , but after two attempts , I gave up and sent the replacement back and asked for a refund .
 We had eight of these Gilmore plastic hose end caps ; five of them have leaked after being in use for a year or two . I ordered four brass ones to replace them.Nothing will keep hose end parts from splitting and leaking if you leave water in a hose outdoors in freezing weather , but we only did that once ... with a grimy old -LRB- but good -RRB- 3/4 '' garden hose ; a ferrule split . The hose does n't even need to be full of water ; on a reel with the couplings at the bottom filled with water is all it takes.We bought the Gilmore plastic hose end caps to replace a leaking cap on a dehumidifier . That only lasted a year so I replaced it with a brass one that I had on hand . Perhaps if you only tighten the caps gently they will not split , but having a drip irrigation system squirting water in all directions in the sunny end of the garage where we ` winter ' our plants makes a mess . We 'll use brass from now on . I 'll use these to keep insects out of faucets and hoses when not in use .
 The Char-Griller 2121 is an excellent grill ! The instructions are not the best and are actually wrong in places , and the grill is a pain to assemble . That being said , it is a lean , mean , grilllin ' machine that will handle pretty much anything you can throw at it . It 's extremely well built and should last anyone for years with proper maintenance.So , why did I give it One Star ? Well , that is because I tried to add the `` optional '' Model 2424 firebox . That was a nightmare involving hours of labor . The directions say to simply remove the knockout from the grill with a screwdriver and a hammer ... WRONG ! To remove the knockouts required a 4 lb sledge hammer , vise grips , an 18V DeWalt Sabre saw with new blades and an 18V DeWalt drill with very sharp drill bits . Many man-hours and numerous cuts and bruises later , the grill is together and working like a champ ; however , the assembly is definitely NOT for the faint of heart .13 phone calls to Char-Griller 's customer service went unanswered , literally ; even though they were supposed to be open , no one would pick up the phone . Four emails to their address , as provided by their website , did not result in a single reply , or even an acknowledgement . Unfortunately , it would appear that once you buy their product , you are on your own.Grill Quality
 The plastic mounting piece -LRB- to push into the ground -RRB- that comes with this rain guage is so flimsy ours broke instantly . It is no more than 1/8 '' thick in the spots where it has holes drilled in it . Even if it had not broken on the first try to push it into the ground - any slight bump against it would break it . The gauge itself seems fine - but I can not imagine why they made the mounting plastic so small .
 This gauge is great for visibility when it is about 10feet away from your back yard window , but make sure to place it near a tree trunk or pole , as the base is NOT sturdy at all.If you have hard ground , it will not easily push into it for a stable season , and will not last a second if you have kids running around the yard.Only get it if you want to mount it on something using your own ingenuity!It would be a much better product if the base was made of metal.Brent
 If you want a good rain gauge that is easy to read & install get this one : Chaney Instrument 5-Inch Capacity Easy-Read Magnifying Rain Gauge
 I bought this as a gift exchange gag gift item -LRB- the theme was weather related -RRB- . The person who got the gift liked it at first , but they also complained about its design.Live and learn .
 The colors are great . Unfortunately , I was not able to use my mower once it arrived 4 weeks after ordering it . When my mower shipped it was missing half the parts , probably due to the fact that it was shipped it in an improvised box , on which the tape failed . The packer did have a sense of humor though . They wrote on the top of the box , `` rattle OK . '' That was probably because they ran out of packing materials . I think you are supposed to use more than one of those little air pillows to pack the item . Well that little rattle was the cutting unit falling apart as it bounced along in transit . Anyways , when it finally arrived , the missing instructions would n't have done me any good anyways because one section of the handle was missing along with the screws to put the handle sections together . Also , I doubt the instructions would have told me how to reafix the wheel which had fallen off .
 Poorly designed . Hard plastic wheels -LRB- meaning SLICK -RRB- . Wheels have to turn in order to spin the reel -LRB- and cut grass -RRB- . Slick wheels on fine grass = NO SPINNING REEL = NO CUTTING.May have been an OK design with soft rubber tires but as it is , pass on it . I was finally so put out with mine , I threw it in the trash and got a nice , gas mower ...
 I wanted this item ! And I wish Amazon can do better packaging and listen to the customer . The first shipment has a cracked wheel , amazon acknowledged the warning , and was asked to do better packaging . The 2nd shippment was no improvement on packaging ; the wheel broke off ! So I decided to refund it ... Maybe it 's not for me :-RRB- I 'll pick different one up locally ...
 This looks like a great idea , but it just does n't cut my grass . If I get a running start , it might cut a few blades before it chokes . Now I understand why Europeans do n't have lawns - they ca n't figure out how to make a machine that will mow grass . Sorry , but scissors would be faster .
 I bought this mower four years ago when I bought a new house . It was good when the lawn was newly sodded and not very dense . Then into later summer , grass grew so fast and dense . Using this mower became very difficult . For dense area , I had to use full force to push it and ran at full speed to not get stuck . Some area I had to repeat a few times . I am 5 '10 and by no means a weak person . My wife said watching me cutting grass was like watching me fight a war with the grass . It was definitely good workouts!The mower is narrow and has maximum height of a little over 2 '' . This limitation caused grass was cut too low -LRB- for centipede at least -RRB- and not even . It is also hard to use on slope.A year later , I got a gas Lawboy mower . Although I need to deal with gas , oil , and such but it cuts grass far better and easier . I am very happy with my Lawnboy and the Brill has sit in garage for three years . This reminds me to check to make sure it does n't have rust.If you lives in south , have centipede grass , and your yard is not small and flat , then stay away from this mower .
 I bought the matching picnic table over a year ago , and decided i did n't need the umbrella too . So i decided to not buy the umbrella ... turns out now i do need it now . So i was surfing the web and thought like many of you probably do , `` let me check amazon , they have everything '' and usually at a lower cost . This product is much cheaper at Toys R Us website . I saved about $ 10.00 , and that was with an $ 8 shipping charge . Save your money . My ` one star ' rating is not based on quality of product , just the cost on this site . Hope this helps some of you ...
 I would like to return this product . The picture clearly told that the umbrella fits in a Little Tykes outdoor table set . But when we received both , it did not fit . Table looks good -LRB- took for ever to install - bad design -RRB- . But the umbrella is sitting there unused . I 'm very dissapointed . So are the kids .
 We have a small yard and the 380ASM is awesome except for one major issue . Just short of having it a year , it quit working . I believe that the problem is in the contact switch on the handle which is not user serviceable . Since it is still under warranty , we contacted the manufacturer . We were told to find someone to fix it . That person would contact the manufacturer and let them know which part is broken . The manufacturer will send them the part . We pay to have it fixed , send Brill the bill and they will remburse us . What a mess !!! Now for the good part ... we ca n't find anyone who will touch it ! It 's a great lawn mower -LRB- while it was working -RRB- , but the lack of a service infrastructure to support it , makes it something you may want to stay away from .
 ... but not Brill!Like many of us , I bought this mower based on some reviews praising German quality.I should 've bought a trusted American -LRB- well , made in -LRB- insert your country of choice here -RRB- -RRB- made brand and save a bundle!Quality is not bad but the mower itself is WAY overpriced . The grass catcher came with unfinished stitches - ripped wide open on the first use . Battery life is decent but nowhere near enough for 3000sf , even after more than 5 charges . And , if it runs out of juice , do n't even think you can use it on manual mode - the mower 's plastic wheels are , to put it nicely - totally useless , no grip at all ! -LRB- made by Tonka for Toy'R Us , maybe ? -RRB- Grass height adjustment MUST be checked every so often , since it has the tendency to lower itself - I guess because of the weight of blade.Other than that is a great mower : -RRB- Now , do n't get me wrong , it 's a good mower but , in my opinion , well over hyped!It does a decent job but I think , for the money , is not worth it . If I were to buy another mower , manual or electric , I will look somewhere else .
 We bought our Brill mower about two years ago . Our problem is with the battery , which costs $ 120 to replace . It was supposed to be good for 500 rechargings , but after no more than about 50 rechargings , it no longer holds enough energy to run the mower for more than a minute or two . The place we bought it from has offered no remedy , either a discount on a new one or a way to fix the one we have . So we are using the mower in manual mode , which means that we have paid a lot for just a push mower . Buyers beware !
 1 . Battery dies long before the claimed 3000 sq. ft. My lawn is small , about 1500 sq. ft. and sometimes I can finish mowing the lawn on one charge but usually I can not .2 . Will not cut wet grass .3 . Do n't skip a week because it will not cut two weeks growth .4 . Much harder to push unpowered than any other newer model reel mower .4 . Very expensive for what it is ...
 I purchased the spikes after reading the reviews . I dont 's know if the pigeons are smarter in the South . But I had someone install the spikes on several ledges that are on the front of my house . After he was finish installing them , the pigeons just maneuver their way to the middle of the spikes and sat there . Now I know why you ca n't purchase these in the hardware stores , customers would be contantly returning them . I wasted my money . The installer boxed the ledges off with wire and no more pigeons .
 These look sturdy , but I 'll never have the chance to find out , as the seams between the fingers are so bulky they are quite uncomfortable . Using these for only a short time gave me blisters .
 Good price , heavy duty , but the red dye runs on your hands and is hard to get off .
 These gloves are HUGE for average-sized people . I wear a M in a Ladies glove and the pair I received were G/L in EU sizing , which is an XL Ladies Glove in US sizing . I suppose that 's OK for $ 2.50 , but it would be nice if the sizing is shown here . The glove is too big on me to be useful .
 The deer are still nibbling at my trees . The product was very difficult to mix and I would like to have known what would make it easier . I would like to have had a description of how much product to spray on at a time . Just a little wet or dripping . Probably wo n't try this product or any other like it .
 I ordered this fire pit to have for a special birthday party . However , it came broken and dented and chipped . There is not enough time to order a replacement unit . Too bad the packaging ca n't be more robust . This is a 100 lb unit , and it comes in a flimsy cardboard box , poorly padded.I was really looking forward to having this unique pit at my party .
 my roommate bought this when the ol' reliable black and decker electric trimmer gave up the ghost after years of abuse.this trimmer is heavy , poorly balanced , and way too long if you are under 6 ' tall . it does not hold much string , runs out easily , and is a pain to reload -LRB- you cut two 10 ' lengths of line , thread them in , and turn the head until it loaded -RRB- . it also is very difficult to disassemble the cutting assembly to unjam jammed line or if you twist too far while loading the the ends disappear . I can barely finish edging my front drive and sidewalk with one load , let alone the other edging tasks ; and I am on an average suburban lot.i only gave it two stars instead of one because it is quite powerful and the two lines sticking out make short order of weeds -LRB- before they quickly run out , of course -RRB- .
 The product bills itself as being cast iron , but it is not . Although one small piece is cast iron , the rest is mostly cheap painted steel . Even worse , the packaging is not suitable and the item arrived damaged . Almost all of the styrofoam was broken and the box was badly damaged with gaping holes . As soon as I can get ahold of customer service I will return this .
 This item was placed at the bottom of my doorstep in a ripped boxed that clearly should not have been delivered . Parts were wedged together from the damage.Also the image displayed is not the shade or color of the item received.I would not order this item online ...
 I wish I could review thihs product fairly . I ordered this and it arrived with the box looking like it fell out of an airplane . I opened the box and the item was cracked and had pieces that were broken off . I went online and did a damaged item exchange . They said they would pack the next one better . Yes , it was better , the box only looked like it had fallen off a truck . There were not as many broken pieces . I returned it again and asked for a refund .
 The carton came damaged from the shipper . But beyond that , it was packaged damaged from the seller . When we unpacked it looking for any damage , the wrapped pieces inside were bent . There was no way it was a shipping issue . It is pretty bad that quality control would let bent and warped metal through to packaging . I was also unimpressed with the weight of the metal . It was cheap , and I doubted it would last past one season . I opted to return and not seek a replacement .
 The spring that is supposed to reopen the blades after each cut never functioned correctly . They are useless .
 We purchased this as a gift for family . When the trowel arrived my wife -LRB- who is an avid gardener and very discerning when it comes to her equipment -RRB- immediately freaked out that it `` looked cheap '' , `` was n't at all ergonomic '' , and certainly not worth the money we paid for it.Deciding that it was n't worth it in shipping , time , and effort to return it , I believe we ended up just keeping it .
 The instructions left a lot to be desired , and some adjustments had to be made to the metal parts in order for them to fit . I 've since gone to the company website and looked at their customer reviews to discover that others have had the same experience . The ad for this cart says it can carry large rocks , but anyone using this item must bear in mind they will be deadlifting from near their feet , and that is rough on the elbows and back . I can haul several hundred pounds in a regular wheelbarrow , but could n't balance this with 165 pounds in it . The next test was to put an automotive tire in it , but it would n't balance in the sling because of the narrow lower end . Next I put a large rock in the sling and decided it would either rip the fabric or my back before I got across the yard . If you want to rest the load while in transit , you can not , the handles have to be lowered to the ground and to start up again , another deadlift . I laid it flat , filled it with dirt , and proceeded to lift , only to have the dirt slide to the lower end with some spilling out . I wanted this to work in a narrow space , but the handles were too wide , something I could not find information on when ordering . The only advantage I can see to this WheelEasy is that it can be hung on the wall . My husband says keep it , we may find a use for it yet . I give this a 1 because I think it is a good idea , but needs better engineering .
 This looked like a great idea , however the first shipment was truly a `` bucket of bolts '' . All of the components were thrown in the box without any shipping material . The box was mangled , the parts were all scratched , and one of the straight posts had fallen out in shipping . Plus , the plastic bag used to hold all of the hardware is so thin , all of the parts had fallen all over the place . I called Allsop and they blamed the internet distributor . I contacted SnapDragon and he fumed . It was drop shipped from Allsop , they sent it that way ! SnapDragon was unbelievably responsive . He had a full replacement sent PLUS the parts to make a second Wheel Easy . WhooHoo ! Not so fast . The second one arrived battered again . One of the straight posts was sticking out of the box ! It was 2 UPS stops from being lost again . The hardware had fallen out all over their bag and parts were missing again . Not so fast on building 2 Wheel Easy 's . I have one and two-thirds . Also , the holes used for the detent pins do n't line up . These should pop in and out with your hands , Instead , it 's a hammer and vise grip affair when you need both pins to transition the collapse . The post holes are about 1/8 '' offset , so out came the drill bits and reamer to bore these out to make them usable . I do n't want to complain about products manufactured in China like this unit , but this is bad QC on part of the importer -LRB- Allsop -RRB- .
 I have large hands for a woman -LRB- size 8.5 gloves -RRB- and regularly buy things for `` large hands . '' However these must be meant for Bigfoot ! I could not comfortably hold them.The size , and the hard plastic construction -LRB- one drop on concrete , and they 'd break , I decided -RRB- , and I returned them immediately .
 I bought this bit hoping to save some money but it ended up costing another 35.00 to go get a klien bit at HD to get the job done.Dont buy 4 stainless brew kettle . Fast shipping tho
 It looks like a step bit , feels like a step bit , but does not cut like a step bit should . I bought this thing to drill 3 holes in a 55 gallon steel drum . Used cutting fluid to try to keep the bit cool and lubricate it but even then it just vibrated , overheated , and did just enough cutting to barely make the holes I needed . Not only that , but the hole sizes were not accurate due to the poor quality of the bit . I guess you get what you pay for , in the future I 'll buy a name brand product .
 I used the step bit on my brew kettle which was made of 304 stainless steel . After the first four steps it was useless . I had to get my rotory file out to finish the job .
 Product shipped quickly and arrived as expected . I used this on sanke keg walls , after just a few uses the bit wore down and was not able to penetrate any longer . I ended up buying a different brand from my local hardware store in a hurry . Once the bit wore out , it also had the effect of hardened the metal I was trying to drill .
 Do not use this bit for any really hard metal like SS . My Keg was 1/8 '' thick and this did not even get through the first 3 steps and it was shot . I was using cutting oil and had a large delta drill press . I 'm sure it 's fine for easy applications but if you are looking to drill through some serious metal look elsewhere .
 I would have given this 10 stars if it was n't for one thing ... it RUSTS . This knife is made in Japan , cuts paper thin vegetables and the short length is just perfect . After using it for the first time , I noticed the blade started rusting . I called the customer service to see what they have to say about this before I returned it . Apparently , this knife consists of three layers , the outer layer being stainless steel , middle layer being another type of steel , and the innermost layer being `` carbon steel '' which is the blade itself . The innermost layer is the only layer which rusted . According to the customer service , if the knife is not washed and dried immediately after every use , it will rust.If you have the patience to immediately wash and dry the knife after every use , rusting should not occur -LRB- so it is claimed -RRB- . But I have the habit of washing my knife and let it hang dry in the knife storage . It is going back .
 After reading the material on the Liquid Fence Mole Repellent I thought I had finally found something that would rid my flower beds of moles . I have been battling moles for years and tried just about every thing including traps . I actually used about three times more of this product than the instructions suggested . It appeared the moles left for about a week but they have returned again . I sprayed the area again and the moles did n't even leave that time that I could tell . They were still making tunnels . I give up !
 Bought this last year , not work at all . No matter how much you put there , the mole still come and go without issue . My lawn did not survive the winter after apply this product . The mole still so active on my lawn during snow time .
 I was thrilled to find this item almost half price on Amazon . Buyer beware . The item arrived broken and in pieces . The fountain had not been packaged correctly for shipping and the base was split and in pieces . A letter in the fountain information instructed the buyer to contact the manufacturer by email -LRB- no phone number provided -RRB- , not the vendor with any problems . I did so , requesting an option for getting a replacement base basin . The manufaturer returned my email a week later stating they did not provide replacement parts and I would need to contact the vendor . I emailed Amazon and have never recieved a response.So , I have a fountain I bought at a budget price but it is a complete waste of money since I can not find a replacement base basin . I have tried several other options -LRB- ie planters , etc. -RRB- , but the fountain pieces are designed to fit that particular basin and it is impossible to get the fountain level or to run properly with any kind of basin substitute . Remind me to never buy anything else on Amazon . Zero customer service , and zero recourse .
 Last summer , I planted zucchini in one box and cucumbers in another Box . The plants grew nicely and produced a goodamount of vegetables , however , toward the end of the summer the cucumbers needed to be filled with water twice a day . Even then , the plants looked poor and eventually died . I thought they had gotten some kind of disease so this spring , I decided to takeout all of the old soil and replace it with new . When I emptied the box , I could see why I had to water it so much at the end of thesummer . There were several cracks in the bottom of the box so the water was just running right out of the box but I thoughtthat it was just running out of the overfill hole . I emptied the other box and found that there were a few small crack in the plastic bottom of this box also . I am very disappointed that after just one season , these Earth Boxes are not useable . They were veryexpensive to get only one growing season out of them .
 I do n't know what I did wrong but this product just did not work for me . I did everything according to the directions and I have tried 2 years in a row but nothing . The plastic cover burns the plants if the sun beats down on it , and even if I move the thing to a shady area when the sun moves to the spot it still burns the plant . So I cut a bigger whole in the plastic for the plant and then rain gets in which I guess is to much water . If I move it to the patio there is not enough sun light . None of the plants get very big . I have tried every idea and suggestion that I can think of it just does not work for me . I am so disappointed because there are so many good reviews . I do n't live on a large piece of land so I have no room for ground garden and I thought these boxes would be the solution . I would really love to have alot of tomatoes grow from these boxes . :--LRB- At least the little green frog likes the water tube because it has made it his home .
 I do n't know what I did wrong since I followed the directions with the earth box . The 2 tomato plants grew over five feet tall and bloomed but never got one tomato . The white flies are horrible and I ca n't seem to get rid of them . I do n't know why so many have had such great success and I have not gotten one tomato . As I stated , it is not for everyone .
 I tried using this twice . Both times my plants died , while the plants in other pots thrived . The directions for use that I found online and those provided with the kit described different ways of adding the fertilizer .
 Bought this product in which to grow tomatoes in Central Texas . Ugly results , no better than growing them in a hubcap in local , drought-thirsty , caliche and limestone mix . Economically , would have come out far ahead buying the produce , and the gas to get to it , at HEB . $ 200 later , I wish I had done it differently .
 I bought one of these . Got advice buying plants from a reputable nursery , followed directions , cared for plants diligently . I planted two tomato plants . Like the other person who scored this a 1 , my plants were slow to take off , but grew rather larger . I had two different varieties of tomato . My yield was 1 tomato for each plant and the tomatoes were not very good . Unlike the other 1 rating , I did not have fruit flies . However , I live in a high rise on the 18th floor and box was on the balcony . Box is now in my locker in basement . I had high hopes because the picture on the pamphlet showed many tomatoes and there is nothing like a fresh home-grown tomato .
 There are at this time , 86 reviews and most of them quite favorable . I had really hoped to be among them as did my sister who also ordered one.I believe in the concept , I really do . It makes great sense and I 'm curious if I would n't absolutely have loved it if I were still out West where water is scarce and a premium.However , water is not an issue here where it rains at least once a week , so the self watering is somewhat a moot -LRB- sp ? -RRB- point and actually was ` the problem ' . I ordered mine and set out on my deck . Two days later it rained and completely flooded the container , killing everything . Ok . . so now what?With my sister 's , her tomato plants grew large - but NO tomatoes!It was an expensive trial for both of us and left us completely unimpressed.Obviously , there 's something I 'm not understanding or doing right , but until then , anything I plant in the ground seems to do just fine .
 Earth boxes are a decent implementation on an idea that has been around for awhile . How they started charging over $ 50 for these things is anyone 's guess . Basically , its a container , a grill , a plastic tube and a elastic/plastic cover . You water into the fill tube and the reservoir is under the plant . If you are wondering why this should cost over $ 50 , well then join the club .
 This product is made from plastic ! For some reason -LRB- terra cotta -RRB- I was expecting different .
 Have had this product for about a month . Tomatoes had blossoms on them when I bought them . Greenery is beautiful but no tomatoes are forming yet so the jury is still out .
 the boxes work good . earth box co is kinda crappy . only order from some where other than EB itself . i have maters after 2 weeks , be'ach .
 Do n't know how this product would actually work since it has not been delivered . Customer service has not answered the phone in over a week and half now . Sales are absolutely ZERO help in this matter . I 'll give it another week then I 'm turning them over to the BBB . It 's been over three weeks and the product was to be shipped out in 2 to 3 days according to their website.Wished I would have used my Credit Card then I could charge it back to them , but I wrote a check and it cleared my bank some time ago . Definately would not buy from EARTH BOX !!!
 I am not happy ... from the picture I thought it was larger that it was when it arrived ... would make and excellent cat litter box .
 After all the good reviews , I thought this was a good idea . After a few weeks the tomato plants were three times as large as my garden tomatosin the garden . I was really impressed . After 2 months the tomatos in Earth Box were sparse and very small . As they ripened , I had to cut offsmall portion on bottom because it was rotten . The tomatos in my garden are plentiful and 4 times as large as in Earth Box . Do n'tknow why I hadproblem , but I did . Called Earth Box because they said there is year return policy . They told me that Amazon had my money and that I shouldcontact them . Because the product was used , I would get a 50 % refund . After paying for postage I end up with about $ 10.00 . So I decided to keepit for maybe flowers next year . Hope you all have better luck than I did .
 High quality product , but is it really worth that much money?Saw this in the store and thought it was a great product , but when I saw the price I was really disappointed.The main premise of their concept is a plagiarism of the square foot gardening method . Everything else about it you could do the same thing with a bucket filled at the bottom with pine cones , a bag of top soil & a watering system you could replicate with PVC and a 3/8ths drill bit.Yes I do like this product ... Yes I think it is a bit of a rip off for the price .
 You need a lot of room in your home to use it . We finally tried it outside in our Lanai , but it was difficult to see the PC monitor outside . So we had to return it . If you have a lot of windows or glass doors , could be dangerous too .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 Be aware that those traps are not always humane . I purchased mine for a mice problem in my garage . The first time I used it it killed the mouse . Her head got stuck in the mechanism - it was horrible ! When I found her she was half-dead and I 'm pretty sure that she was suffering for many hours . I 'm returning it to the store today . I 'm aware that it could be just stupid accident -LRB- judging by other reviews -RRB- and I was just unlucky , but the product should have a warning that it could happen . After all we are purchasing it specifically for the reason of catching them alive ! ...
 I received these as a gift from my boys for Christmas and was able to use them for the time when I went to the Broncos vs Ravens playoff game . When I got to the stadium parking lot , 1 of the 2 flags had broken off somewhere along the 25 mile drive . Now I 'm debating whether to even use the other flag at all next year .
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 The assembly instructions must have been translated from another language because they did not make sense . I was still able to get the unit put together . It is much bigger than we thought . When on the table top , we could not feel any heat while sitting in our chairs . We moved the heater to the ground and then felt the heat . For the price , we decided it was n't a big deal to put the heater on the ground next to the table . Unfortunately , the 1 lb propane tank only lasted about 20 minutes . We bought a second propane tank and the starter failed on the unit and could not get it lit again . I am in the process of returning it .
 I bought this in 2010 and it was in the trash around the same time in 2011 . While it looked like it would hold up , it suffered from the same things most covers do . Stains , dry rot , cracking , leaks , holes . It was able to make it through one Indiana winter and to a rainy spring , but that was it . At around $ 60 that is just not good enough . I expected it to make it at least 2 years hopefully more . I am seriously thinking about just using a standard tarp ... you can pick them up for next to nothing and they seem to last forever . In the end ... buy something else .
 Bought several of these covers and they worked great at first . . then months later they started warping , mildewing and the plastic was breaking / tearing . . Not the greatest covers by any means . .
 The cover has been over my patio set when it rain and there is always water coming through it.If there is an amount of water over a stitches you can be sure that it will be damp under and its only 2 month old.NOT WATERPROOF OR WEATHERPROOF .
 The item never arrived , and emails to Mowtownusa went unanswered . Amazon canceled my order after a month of waiting
 I have large hands for a woman -LRB- size 8.5 gloves -RRB- and regularly buy things for `` large hands . '' However these must be meant for Bigfoot ! I could not comfortably hold them.The size , and the hard plastic construction -LRB- one drop on concrete , and they 'd break , I decided -RRB- , and I returned them immediately .
 The description says these fit 3/4 '' hose . They do not . They are made for 5/8 '' hose , period .
 THE PRUNERS WERE ADVERTISED FOR SMALL HANDS BUT THEY ARE STILL TOO LARGE FOR MY HANDS COMPARED TO OTHER PRUNERS THAT I HAVE USED !!
 I love the look of this clock radio . In terms of function , I find it burdensome to program and use . Too many button and features you have to `` click through '' to get to the place you want to modify . And the power cord slip out all the time . But it looks cool ...
 Description states `` complies with California 's AB1953 Low Lead Laws '' , yet the back of the package has CA Prop 65 warning , `` This product contains chemicals , including lead , ... '' . Does n't appear to be nfs61 compliant . Not intended for potable water ?
 As a check valve it seems to work well . The product description gave me the impression this was made to fit on the end of your rv hookup hose . It is not so . It took a fair number of adapters and by the time I added a pressure regulator , -LRB- which is hose thread -RRB- I ended up with an 8 inch long frankensteined looking thing . In short it can be made to work but not as sold .
 This is another piece of Chinese junk that is invading our markets . It did not work when it arrived because the plug did not extend far enough to contact the center of the 12 volt power receptacle . I attempted to repair it as I needed it for a trip I was taking the next day . The tip did not unscrew as it was supposed to and I had to purchase another plug . It still did not work after a new plug was added . This was a complete waste of time and money and I would n't bother purchasing this item .
 I bought this in 2010 and it was in the trash around the same time in 2011 . While it looked like it would hold up , it suffered from the same things most covers do . Stains , dry rot , cracking , leaks , holes . It was able to make it through one Indiana winter and to a rainy spring , but that was it . At around $ 60 that is just not good enough . I expected it to make it at least 2 years hopefully more . I am seriously thinking about just using a standard tarp ... you can pick them up for next to nothing and they seem to last forever . In the end ... buy something else .
 Bought several of these covers and they worked great at first . . then months later they started warping , mildewing and the plastic was breaking / tearing . . Not the greatest covers by any means . .
 The cover has been over my patio set when it rain and there is always water coming through it.If there is an amount of water over a stitches you can be sure that it will be damp under and its only 2 month old.NOT WATERPROOF OR WEATHERPROOF .
 I bought this in 2010 and it was in the trash around the same time in 2011 . While it looked like it would hold up , it suffered from the same things most covers do . Stains , dry rot , cracking , leaks , holes . It was able to make it through one Indiana winter and to a rainy spring , but that was it . At around $ 60 that is just not good enough . I expected it to make it at least 2 years hopefully more . I am seriously thinking about just using a standard tarp ... you can pick them up for next to nothing and they seem to last forever . In the end ... buy something else .
 Bought several of these covers and they worked great at first . . then months later they started warping , mildewing and the plastic was breaking / tearing . . Not the greatest covers by any means . .
 The cover has been over my patio set when it rain and there is always water coming through it.If there is an amount of water over a stitches you can be sure that it will be damp under and its only 2 month old.NOT WATERPROOF OR WEATHERPROOF .
 I purchased this cover this summer , wanting to keep a teak patio set protected from the harsh sun & rain . Recently , I left the cover on for several weeks -LRB- no more than 3 -RRB- , and this afternoon when I took it off I noticed that the rain had soaked through onto the table top and left a stain on the table surface . I would have been better off not covering it at all , as now there is uneven staining that is unsightly.What 's worse than the defective product is that it appears that I 'm not able to return it , as the window has expired.Look elsewhere if you want a realiable weatherproof product .
 I agree with the other reviewers that these are nice table/chair covers for the money . The vinyl seems to be of a good quality and the velcro straps to fasten the cover are a nice feature.My problem is the sizing . I bought one that should have fit my table and chairs near perfect -LRB- 120 x 80 '' with 30 '' drop -RRB- . The problem is the product actually measures out to 115 x 75 '' with a 28 '' drop . It still sort of fits , but half the velcro straps are worthless since they wo n't reach down far enough so they can attach to the chair legs.I would return the cover to get a larger size , but now that the weather has gotten nasty , I 'll just live with it . < < < Updated -LRB- reduced from 3 stars to 1 star -RRB- Well , spring time weather has finally arrived and I removed the cover . Bad news -- water has been dripping onto my table all winter . This cover has a velcro seam that seeps water . Why they have this seam , I do n't know.My marble table is now etched from water sitting on it all winter . I can get the table polished for $ 150 + , or etch the rest of the table with a vinegar wash . Should have paid for the more expensive cover .
 Very good quality but will definitely come off in a wind blowing at 15 to 20 mph or more . The wind also has a tendency to blow beneath the table and chairs causing the cover to balloon upward which assists in its rapid removal . You need to tie the Velcro straps to the chair and table legs with a knot in order for it to remain in place thus making it difficult to remove easily . The manufacture definitely needs to come up with a better way of attaching the cover to table and chair legs . They might also want to consider providing small sandbags to place on top of the table to help prevent ballooning.I 'm going to try two Hugger Mugger Yoga Sandbags from Amazon.comUPDATE
 I like the fabric , nice and smooth and flexible , but , the velcro straps are not sewn on very well . The first windy day one of the straps tore loose from the cover . I have a commercial sewing machine , so , I sewed it back on , and re-sewed all the other ones on better . The next windy day , the strap tore completely off . If you live in an area with lots of wind , be leery of this cover . Also , since it 's sold by Amazon , you ca n't get in touch with the manufacturer .
 I purchased this hose to drain the water from my humidifier . It has leaked from day 1 from the nozzle where it connects to the humidifier . If I get it in the right position , it does n't leak . But I should n't have to mess with a brand new product to get it to work . I do like how thin the hose it , and how it 's a darker green than most other hoses . But that does n't mean much when it does n't serve it 's main purpose .
 Was expecting to see a bed full of spinach seedlings . What i got was a bed of lettuce seedlings and 4 spinach seedlings , obviously someone had an accident at packaging .
 Planted for fall harvest in CT. -LRB- August -RRB- . Did not have a successful harvest . After 60 days , none of the seedlings grew beyond 1 &#34; . The entire crop was lost
 I purchased these seeds from this seller because of the price and a good description . I put all the seeds in a very good rich soil , followed all the necessary directions -LRB- believe me I am a good gardened -RRB- and ... . NOTHING CAME UP !!! I kept waterring for about a month and still nothing ... Very disappointed.For the future I will never buy any seeds from unsure source . If I had bought them from Lowes or other local store , I could return there and complain ... What to do in my case ? Nothing ...
 Planted 60 seeds using the ` Jiffy ' self watering system , only 3 sprouts of spinach plants . Now I 'll have to go and buy some local live plants . Broccoli seeds in same Jiffy system produce 35/40 sprouts . Romaine lettuce seeds yielded 38/40 . Beefsteak tomato seeds yielded 53/60 .
 Buyer beware ! After being a good customer of Amazon 's for many years and never having a problem , they sure dropped the ball on this one ! The grill shipment was delayed so many times I never got it . When I requested a refund , they refused it . I am still out of pocket $ 500 and never got the grill ! Notice how Amazon does n't list their customer service telephone number anywhere ? If you have a problem with shipment or delivery , good luck . I have 13 e-mail responses to date from Amazon saying they are working on it and it 's been well over a month ... time to call my credit card company . My advice - the grill costs less at your local `` big box '' store and it 's already assembled .
 I ca n't tell you anything about the grill because it has taken Amazon for ever to deliver it !! I ordered it on June 11 , they said it was in stock and should be shipped in 1-2 days . Sounded good to me . Yeah right . Ok , so first thing that happens is that when I ordered it , the order page says that it is ` being prepared for shipping and can not be cancelled ' . That was ok at first . But then the date of when it will be delivered suddenly became 10 days later ! I ordered it as a Father 's day gift , but now it was coming at least a week later . And to make things worse , I can NOT cancel the order because it is ` being prepared for shipping ' whatever that means . I try to find out what that means via an email from their help page . That did not help at all . `` Sorry but the item is being prepared for shipping '' A second email got essentially the same reply.So , I ordered it on the 11th , they initially said it would be shipped within two days with about 5 work days for delivery . Then they estimated at June 20-23 delivery date . Well , it did n't ship until the 22nd and arrived the 29th of June , 18 days after I ordered it . Perhaps I am asking too much , but all I really wanted was a chance to cancel the order and buy it somewhere else . There seems to be no way to make this happen . This ` being prepared for shipping ' is a joke . Not being able to cancel the order is a joke . I have had no problems with books etc , but NEVER BUY A LARGE DELIVERY ITEM FROM AMAZON !!!! Chris
 This is the second try at buying a grill from Weber as a mfr and the first dealing with Amazon . Both grills from Weber were packaged badly and arrived defectively . Amazon has been a nightmare to deal with to return it - after maybe 20 emails and calls still can not get them to pick the damn thing up . Hated the entire experience , which is not yet resolved going on three months later !
 Even as I write this my wife is cooking what we wanted to cook on the grill , on our stove . This is the second time my Genesis Silver has been unable to get a good flame going . The tank is full and the flame is low . A few months ago a repair person came our and told us that there was a clog in the gas line . Once cleared it worked fine for a few weeks , but now , back at it . I was happy initially with the product . It has held up well to the elements and looks pretty good now two years later , but if it does n't work what is the point .
 I like the design of this barrel , but the construction is poor . It is molded in two halves and the halves are misaligned by 3/16 '' of an inch . The seam is also where you attach linking hoses etcetera , thus the misalignment makes attaching a hose more troblesome . Lastly , it comes with a crappy plastic spigot . I am not overly impressed considering the cost .
 I picked this up out of the box and was shocked at the weight . I haul a 27 lb child around , so I 'm far from a wimp ... but I was tired before I ever lifted these above my head ! I returned this immediately
 I have not been able to use this product because the screws that put it together were not in package .
 I greatly enjoyed the warm towels in the bathroom at a hotel in London . I hoped to recreate that feeling daily with my own towel warmer - this was a real disapointment - toasty is an overstatement - the heat imparted to the towels overnight dissipated in less than a minute - pretty mediocre . I returned it to Amazon for refund
 Once you purchase a Warmrails product , be prepared to throw it away after the warranty expires . My $ 150 towel warmer stopped working after 4 years ; the new company that purchased Warmrails in 2008 told me my options
 I hung towels on this overnight and the only part that was warm was the 2 '' touching the rails . Do n't waist yer dough .
 This towel warmer is not making your towel really warm . The item itself is warm but the towel was not warm after a few hours being on the warmer . ... May be I used the wrong towel ... but it was my regular one that I use for a shower .
 The product was very poorly made , looked cheap and the brushed nickel had a sickly green hew to it.Would not recommend this item to anyone
 this was one of the most disappointing gifts i have given or received in my life -LRB- all 58 years of it ! -RRB- . you want dry warm towels ? throw them in the dryer for 5 minutes . place them in the sunny window for 10 minutes . this piece of junk does not work . i gave it to my best friend and his wife -LRB- an outlay of 119 bucks ! -RRB- and it now sits in the junk heap only weeks after christmas . it was meant as a christmas gift . do n't buy anyting from this manufacturer ! its a rip off . it does n't work taking upwards to an hour and a half to half warm towels .
 I purchased 5 of these for Christmas gifts . One did not work at all and others were chipping . I question whether these producsts are 1st quality . For the price I spent , I was embarrassed and disappointed .
 We were very disappointed with the quality of this product . I wanted something that would warm and dry towels before/after showers . This seemed to neither . Quality was also very poor .
 I expected a super warm towel . It barely warms it . Just on the spot where its hung . Maybe I need to weave the towel through all the bars . But I dont know . I would try another one . This one kinda sucks .
 The warmer only warmed the towel where it touched the towel no matter how we wrapped it around the bars .
 Towels were just warm in spots , not what I expected , I have returned the product for a refund , Amazon makes the return process very easy !
 This is a piece of junk ... . Lasted a couple of weeks . Everyone of them broke in the same place . Poor foot support of plastic did not hold up to the weight of the towel . Poorly constructed and OVER PRICED .
 I have to say I 'm disappointed with this product . The towels never get very warm . I left a towel on the rack for 30 minutes and the best it could do was get it to a little above room temperature .
 This rail is a joke ! The description and pictures are very , very misleading . The `` Satin Nickel '' is in fact a metallic greeny/gold paint , not the plating I was expecting . The overall quality looks very poor and the item had obviously been opened and assembled before .
 My good friend was getting remarried and did not need the traditional wedding gifts of pots/pans , blenders or money . She specifically asked for a towel warmer and I did a lot of research right here on Amazon to find the very best one I could . This warmer came with missing parts which she was more than willing to get from the seller and fix . I am not sure if those parts every arrived but apparently they were not critical to the actual working of this rack . She called me the other day to say that the towel warmer is not worth keeping and that they wanted me to return it . EMBARASSING !!! and we live in Arizona so there is no real need to make these towels as warm as you would if you lived in Chicago or Maine ... so now I have given her a gift that looks like I took the easy cheap way out . I am very dissappointed and am not sure who wrote the reviews saying this was better than other ones they had purchased . I would not go this route if you are buying this for anyone but yourself . I AM NOW TRYING TO RETURN THIS ITEM AND THE SELLER WILL NOT GIVE US A REFUND . THE REFUND POLICY IS 30 DAYS BUT IT DID NOT ARRIVE TIMELY AND THERE WERE MISSING PARTS . IT WAS A WEDDING GIFT AND THEY WERE UNABLE TO ASSEMBLE IT DUE TO THE PARTS MISSING , WENT ON THEIR HONEYMOON AND NOW THAT THEY HAVE GIVEN IT A COUPLE OF WEEKS THEY ARE TELLING ME THAT IT IS NOT ADEQUATE . THIS WAS A GIFT , I AM SO EMBARRASED AND CAN NOT BELIEVE I CAN NOT GET A REFUND . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER UNLESS ITS FOR YOU AND YOU KNOW THE PRODUCT IS PERFECT .
 Came in the wrong finish but box was correct but the big disappointment was that It does n't warm the towels very well !
 Was excited to get it , however parts missing . Amazon put me to the seller and money was refunded . Very easy will continue to shop with Amazon . Thank you .
 Got this for my wife for Christmas . She is not real happy with it and quit using it . It does n't heat the entire towel , only warms where the bars touch the towel and the outside of the towel stays cold . Our bathroom is in the back of the house and not that warm , that 's why I got it for her . I guess it needs a warm bathroom . Wish I could send it back .
 When it first came , the item worked just okay , although it did n't really make the towel warm , just room temperature . After two weeks , the heating element appeared to stop fully working and the rack was only mildly warm to the touch and did not work at all to warm the towel . In addition , it was poorly built and became loose and wobbly . Thank you Amazon for making the return so easy , although I have not yet received the refund on my credit card so am still waiting on that .
 I was really excited to get this product . I 've always wanted a towel-warmer and it is really cold where I live . However , it really only creates stripes of warmth on the towels . It was n't worth the price for me .
 The product works as advertised . However , one of the plastic ` feet ' on the bottom which help stabilize the rack was broken when I opened the packaging . Other people have reviewed this product and mentioned the issue with lack of padding for the box.Mr . Manufacturer , I can not recommend your product to my friends and family due to the apparently persistent negligence when it comes to customer satisfaction . I hope you read these reviews and fix the issue .
 So I ordered these as maintenance as recommended for the defender Mosquito Magnet ... , low and behold they do not attach to the unit and are therefore useless ... , UNLESS you spend another much larger chunk of change to get the adapter , which they do not tell you you need ... , the adapter is way overpriced , and only at one supplier here on Amazon ... , someone should link the items together so you know you need both . . , I would not have ordered these if I had known .
 Ineffective and requires buying expensive wasteful little cartridges to maintain the unit . Even when it was ` working ' properly it caught very few mosquitoes . I estimate about a dollar per mosquito since I 've purchased it . MM is a big waste of money
 The cartidges are fine . I used three of them on one machines . Unfortunately , they failed to fix the problem . In my opinion , the Mosquito Magnets have major design flaws .
 Used two of the cartridges to clear the Mosquito Magnet but it did NOT clear and still does not work .
 i wasnt happy with this ash bucket , it came with big dent , the medal is so thin i dont think its gon na last very long , the only reason i kept it is because i was taking it to my camp and didnt have time to return it . it also has a handle that isnt hooked very good to the bucket . very cheap made . junk if your gon na use it often .
 I got this thing out of the box , squeezed it to see if it worked , and the tension handle snapped right off ... FIRST time I tried it . I really wish there were more available products not made in china , I would have gladly paid double for one that actually worked .
 What a sad item this is . The handle part that you pull to close the tongs , closes them . But when you pull it back open -LRB- and yes you need 2 hands to do that -RRB- , it does n't re-open the tongs . Of course , since you just put a piece of wood into a fire ... the tongs can be hot . But you ca n't use your hands to get them open . So basically what you have here is an item that allows you to put 1 piece of wood on a fire . Worthless is what it is .
 WE bought these grabbers and they worked really well until the very thin wire which connects the handle to the tong broke at the connection to the handle . I can not see any way to repair them so into the trash they must go . A heavier duty connection rod would make this a great product!Landmann 35 Inch Log Grabber , Black
 This thing was so cheap it broke the first time I ever tried to use it . Cheap plastic painted black to look like metal .
 It works , but trying to grab a small log is a challenge . It 's not worth buying this , but if you have it it 's not worth returning it . Does this help ?
 Well , this was SUPPOSED to be spring loaded according to the manufacturer 's description ... it is NOT spring loaded.The lever action arm is stiff and jerky construction , though it will probably -LRB- hopefully -RRB- loosen up . You can use it to a limited extent one-handed , moreso if the lever grabbing action loosens up , but two handed generally for day to day use . The pins that join the few moving parts of this are less than quality and may break quickly , but so far , so good . It really will NOT work for much more than LIGHT firewood of not much more than 6 '' diameter - the claws do open to 8 '' , but that is `` forcing '' them open with the handle lever with two hands and then trying to force it around 8 '' and not really being able to `` clamp down '' to move the piece of firewood . You may get distracted with the clamping instead of safety with the fire.It is a GREAT tool `` IDEA '' , but poorly executed by Landmann . They could have put a couple of dollars more into production costs of this and really had a good quality tool . It is too bad that Landmann , and others like them are being `` penny wise and pound foolish '' with their products.So , it is given two stars because for the price it is on Amazon , it is probably NOT worth it . I actually got this online from Sam 's club for about $ 13.50 and free shipping.We 'll see how it holds up .
 This is the biggest piece of junk I have ever bought from amazon . I was always impressed with the quality of their products , not now . The metal bar attaching the handle to claw was bent the second I got it . There is absolutely no way to fix it . I would recommend no one buy this .
 I have had no luck with the glue traps . I did catch a spider and some flies , but no mice .
 We received product in a timely manner but these glue boards just do n't work . We have the perfect testing grounds for mice products , locating on top of a hilltop . Needless to say , this hilltop living adds up to a breeding ground for mice . We have been battling mice for years , have used every product available including these glue traps which seemed like our last option . We just wanted to keep these rodents from crapping on 3 particular spots around the house . They are to smart to fall for peanut buttered traps , electronic zappers or the infamous concentrated peppermint oil or concoctions & poison baited food which none work . I even spent many hours making a bed of staples on cardboard that you ca n't touch otherwise you get cut but these SOB mice walk and crap over everything including these glue traps like they are not there . Nothing stops them from getting to their favorite crapping places around the house . These glue traps just are not pressure sensitive enough to stickiness in order to catch mice , only bugs . Yes , traps are fresh and seem to stick to anything that touches them except mice . Are these mice `` Super Mice '' or what?We are tired of sweeping mice crap every day . Wish we could get a cat but the coyotes would get them within a weeks.DP
 This is very inhumane product . I had a mice problem on a 6th floor high rise apt . !! The maintenance man introduced me to this.One little cute mouse did not get the memo and ended up on one of these . I felt sorry for the little creature , but he was stuck on this and ended up dying just hours later from the stress.Since I am single with no pets , I have decided to place moth balls around the stove where they were coming from . For small mice , this works like a charm . Only problem is that moth balls in large numbers can be quite toxic , and I did have a really bad nightmare where this stuff must have gotten into my brain , but I must 've grown immune because I 've had no problems since .
 We have a big mouse issue in our apartment building , so the maintenance person placed these around the building and in units last month . Several resident pets -LRB- including our dog -RRB- and a CHILD got stuck to them - they are a mess to clean off ! And I 'm sure it is a slow , painful death for mice . Even if you put them in an out of the way place , they 're still a danger . I do n't even think they caught any mice . So my husband and I began using a humane trap we got here on Amazon -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Smart-Mouse-Trap-Humane-Mousetrap/dp/B000YFA7HW -RRB- , and they are far superior than glue traps . Within two days we caught a mouse and released it in a field down the street . We looked for possible entryways for mice in our apartment and sealed them , then we placed cotton balls soaked in peppermint oil under the kitchen sink and in the back of our closets . Apparently it 's a mouse deterrent and the smell is nice . Have n't seen a mouse since but we still have the humane trap out . Now spreading the word to our neighbors .
 These traps have been effective for insects , but not mice . We find hair stuck to the boards , but the critters manage to escape before we get to them .
 I bought this pair at the beginning of the 2010 fire-burning season and used them to handle my hearth related duties , including occasionally repositioning a fiery log . They are a good long length and appear to be of good quality , but my experience with them was dissapointing and they did not last a season.In January -LRB- 3 months -RRB- , the right glove -LRB- most used -RRB- had a large hole develop at the middle knuckle of the middle finger . This renders them `` done '' in my book , as I use them now only for light duty . But let me go on with what i 'm unhappy about , since a small hole could be my fault or something else.The gloves are fairly bright - now , I knew they were n't a muted color when I bought them , but on a hearth they really stand out.The gloves smoked and smelled bad when I used them to open the bypass-damper-pull on my stove during hot use . Now , the surface of the stove is showing -LRB- per my magnetic thermometer -RRB- at 600-650 degrees . So these gloves are burning and off-gassing at those temps . That 's no good in my book.Unfortunately , these gloves are done for me and I 'm now going to go spend 2-3x as much for a pair that 'll last 5-10 years . But as long as they last , it 'll be money well spent .
 Bracket bent within 48 hours of installation . Braket was mounted on side of house protected by two walls from the wind . Would not recommend this bracket to anyone .
 same quality , price that i could have purchased at hardware store , shipped in good time . better research on these type items in the future .
 Although the size was just what we wanted , this product is not made very well . We removed it from the shipping box and set it on the ground and the bottom weld immediately broke apart .
 This flag is very low quality , emblem is printed on one side only and shows through opposite side backwards . If you want a navy jack get a heavy material with sewn on emblems .
 The product description clearly states that the pole is 1 7/8 inches around , but I did n't notice it , and I do n't think you would either . Problem is this a larger than normal size -LRB- guessing 1 1/2 -RRB- and it wo n't fit the hole in my brand new table or my brand new base . I noticed it as soon as I took it out of the box , the pole is huge ! It looks good , but it will likely not fit your furniture . I 've never seen an umbrella with this size pole before.Also the description states the top is canvas , but it seemed like a much lighter poly material to me . Made in China .
 The description of this umbrella states that the diameter of the two piece juniper pole is 1 1/2 inches in diameter . Actually it is 1 7/8 inches in diameter . Since most standard tables have pole openings less than 1 7/8 '' , this umbrella can not be used with a table , rendering it useless for my purposes . Furthermore , the juniper pole came split.Unless you want to stick this umbrella in the sand or have a holder or table with a 2 '' diameter opening , I would avoid this item .
 Waited all this time for this great deal . It finally got here and the top of the umbrella where the canvas attaches to the poles was craked in three different place . It was also cracked at the middle junction . It 's a pretty one , BUT!Now I have to figure out how to retun it .
 When removing this umbrella from the box a piece of wood dropped to the floor . Obviously a broken piece of wood . It turned out to be one of the umbrella supports . What 's upsetting to me is that whoever packaged this umbrella had to have known that this was broken . The piece was completely broken into two pieces . I hate going through the trouble of returning items and having to deal with extra postage etc. . So I 've decided to repair the borken piece myself . I think that there should be some kind of steps taken to assure that items are not shipped already broken . There was no damaged to the box so the wood had to have been broken BEFORE being packaged .
 The umbrella i bought looks good not broken , intact , but the roundness is way to big for a standard umbrella stand , how the heck am I going to get it to fit ? The is obviously not normal size on these umbrellas ? I really like the umbrella , I do n't know what I am going to do with a stand I cant use for this ? Who has stands big enough for this embrella ?
 I was ready to push the `` buy '' button , until I read the reviews . Having read the reviews I am declining to purchase the umbrella . The biggest issue is the diameter of the table opening and the base , which in my case is 1 1/2 inches.Unfortunately several of the reviews state that the pole turned out to be larger than 1 1/2 inches , more like 1 and 3/4 inches instead of 1 1/2 inches as stated in the description.This would render the unbrella completely useless , at least in my case . I was specifically looking for an unbrella pole of 1 1/2 inch diameter . I thought I had such a pole until I read the reviews . I am disappointed because I liked every other feature of the umbrella .
 Did not work at all . My neighbor used canned dog food and caught four or five skunk . Do n't waste your money .
 Over the last 3 weeks , I 've been checking and rechecking my seeds that I have in the window sill , always making sure they 're moist ... But not a single seed has sprouted . Not one . They 've been sitting for 3 weeks . I bought a different variety of seeds and they sprouted on day 3 . I 'm not pleased with these . Luckily the seeds are cheap , so it 's not a huge loss . Go with the heirloom seed packets . My cherokee purple tomatoes germinated just fine .
 I purchased the seeds thinking of having own garden vegetable on time . The seeds didnt germinate , i waited and did everything i can do but they were dead seeds . Wasted effort and money on this .
 NOT GOOD THEY DID NOT EVEN SPROUT I PLANTED THEN IN MIRACLE GROW POTTING SOIL AND SO FAR I STILL HAVE NOTHING . SO MUCH FOR THAT .
 I bought this in 2010 and it was in the trash around the same time in 2011 . While it looked like it would hold up , it suffered from the same things most covers do . Stains , dry rot , cracking , leaks , holes . It was able to make it through one Indiana winter and to a rainy spring , but that was it . At around $ 60 that is just not good enough . I expected it to make it at least 2 years hopefully more . I am seriously thinking about just using a standard tarp ... you can pick them up for next to nothing and they seem to last forever . In the end ... buy something else .
 Bought several of these covers and they worked great at first . . then months later they started warping , mildewing and the plastic was breaking / tearing . . Not the greatest covers by any means . .
 The cover has been over my patio set when it rain and there is always water coming through it.If there is an amount of water over a stitches you can be sure that it will be damp under and its only 2 month old.NOT WATERPROOF OR WEATHERPROOF .
 This is a nice weather station and for the price Amazon has it for makes it great ; if you can live within the operating range . The La Crosse website states that this station can handle humidity from 1 to 99 % and this is far from the truth . The actual range both indoor and outdoor is 20 % to 90 % -LRB- outside of this range and the display shows -- -RRB- . To me this is a misrepresentation of the product and if you an a dry area like I do , it makes the humidity part of this system worthless.The other thing which bothers me about this station is the moon phase . For whatever reason the designer of the moon phase has the `` shading '' backwards . When we have a New Moon the face should be all BLACK , solid and when there is a Full Moon it should be all WHITE or clear -- on this system it is the reverse.If you can live with the humidity range being limited it is a good system . The Pressure readings are very accurate ; I live 3 miles from the airport and they are always on the mark or within .01 off . The temperature readings are a bit off , by about 2 to 4 degrees , but you can get the updated TX7 series sensors and they provide a more accurate reading.I think they could do better , but for now , until the next gen of this model comes out , this is a good one to go with .
 I thought this was a great item until it got really cold one night . Weather report next morning said it was minus 30F and I wondered how cold it was at my house . Checked my wonderful new thermometer and it said the minimum temp was -21 . Turns out the range of this pricey instrument stops at -21.8 , according to the manual.If you live in North Central U.S. or Central Canada , you can either use this instrument to fool yourself into thinking you 're someplace warmer or you can send it back and get an outdoor thermometer that can cope with the real world .
 Unsatisfactory , too complicated and not enough distance from remote and had to change batteries after one month.If you like being fustrated by all means buy this product .
 We had a remote thermometer . Some of us live far enough North that the temp drops to -20 deg . . This thermometer stops reading at that temp . When I ask what could be done they said we were on our own . do n't bother with them there not worth it .
 If you do n't want to read my complaint in full please understand who you will be dealing with before you buy a Suncast product . Their products have no warranty . If something fails because the part was defective they wo n't replace it . Remember -- THERE IS NO WARRANTY AND THEY WILL NOT STAND BY THIER PRODUCT . I purchased a Suncast 10 ' x 12.5 ' shed -LRB- model A01B37C03 -RRB- six months ago . Myself and a friend built a very sturdy floor -LRB- 2 '' x 6 '' joists covered with 3/4 '' plywood -RRB- at some considerable expense . The assembly instructions were straight forward and we completed the shed in one day . The roof of the shed is supported by 3 metal ridge beams -LRB- I understand they are using 5 beams on the latest model -RRB- . The beams sit in `` pockets '' in the header panels . The pockets are vinyl as is the rest of the material . I was initially impressed with the materials but now for the rest of the story . I opened the shed door this week to find water on the floor . Further examination found that one of the header beams had collapsed the vinyl pocket and buckled the roof causing the skylights that form the ridge to shatter . The roof was open to the elements . There was no severe storm and nothing was ever placed on the roof . I contacted Suncast to request replacement of the failed header panel and the skylights . They informed me that the shed comes with a `` out of the box '' warranty . Once erected , Suncast will warranty nothing . THERE IS NO WARRANTY . They will not stand by their product . Clearly they recognized that the design was faulty because they now use 5 beams instead of 3 to support the roof . Do n't buy a Suncast shed .
 I 'm beginning to think given the 2 positive reviews , that I must have received a defective product . All structural pieces are fiimsy unfinished single layer , the thickness of an inexpensive plastic storage bin . I own several rubbermaid small sheds and each piece is finished so you can hang hooks or shelves , NOT this item . I doubt it will stand up any strong winds and really doubt it could withstand a snowfall . Yes , I have a $ 1k worth of buyer 's remorse and am trying to assist you in not making the same purchase error .
 bought this shed from menards on sat and was delivered on sundayvery excited to use it i started building it right away with a friend helpingit only took about 4 hrs to build but we are both handy with tools so thats def not goingto be the same for everyone . My first and biggest disappointment was how weak and flimsythe doors are i cant believe that it is made in the USA pretty much all of it is flimsy exceptthe roof and flooring is pretty sturdy too i guess . The next biggest was how the heck is there absolutely no where for anything to be hung on the walls ps they are paper thin too . Def . wish i would have done a little more research bf buying this for 1200 $ that the 10x10 . The only thing i really like about it is that it expandable but being cheaply made it might not make it to me needing more storage space :-LRB- oh well its up and i guess im stuck with it hope it lasts at least 5 years or ill be really pissed
 I was disappointed in the quality of this shed . I had a concrete pad poured for this shed but apparently it was n't as level as the company led me to believe . I still do n't have use of the shed as the doors do not aleign up and wo n't shut . Its still a work in progress.Also the wrong hooks were sent and therefore I have to reorder them to be able to use them.The shed is not anything like the ones I looked at ... at Lowes and Home Depot . A great disappointment to me .
 Purchased this shed and did n't have too many problems putting it together . Unfortunately , a year later , it was junk . The plastic became so brittle that a 1 '' diameter 1 1/2 ' long stick from a tree fell on it and put a big hole in the roof . The doors are falling off and do n't shut any more . Sides are bowed out and it leaks like a sieve -LRB- not just through the hole we tried to patch -RRB- . Windows are opaque . Really disappointed . I should have invested the money in a wood shed that would last . The only positive , it will come apart easily and shatter into small pieces when I throw it away this summer .
 The side and roof panels are very thin , I was expecting something more durable . I have a Rubbermaid resin storage bin which have double-sided panels and is very durable . This product is nothing like that.I regret this purchase and for the money would rather have built it out of wood from the lumber store.UPDATE 01/10/10
 I purchased the first one for the pool as a changing room . I laid it out on concrete in the morning and starting to built it in the heat of the afternoon . By that time the roof had warped and would not set down properly on the side wall leaving a quarter inch gap in two area . I can live with that . But the doors buckled and they would fall off at times . The parts did not match of well where they have to go into slots and then screw together . I called customer service and they sent me out new parts in five days . I live in an area of Missouri where there is 10 to 15 mile winds and sometimes up to 25 miles . Went to sleep that night and the next morning part of the roof separated . And the doors were laying in the pool.The screws do not always match up well when connecting side panels to the roof even when you pre rill it still well not set as well as if the parts matched . . As I said it does n't take long before the roof warps and this is heavy and thick material . Sent that one back and got another this time built it in the shade of the evening . I pre drill all the holes and purchased longer screws and those furnished which are not always long enough . I anchored this down to the concrete patio using four angle brackets . I should have used bolts and not screws when attaching the brackets to the building . A day or two later I saw the wind picking up and as I walked outside and the unlocked doors came open and one flew off followed by the other landing in the pool . I walked over and bend down to pick the door out of the water and the building with only screws holding it the anchored brackets pull loose in a 20 MPH wind and hit me in the back knocking me into the pool and landing on top of me . The wind picked it up again before it filled with water and threw it across the yard . Otherwise it could have trapped me under and I could have drowned . I dissembles it and sent back , it not worth losing my life over .
 so thin 1/8 '' thick walls , anyone can damgage it in no time . door warp badly as sun heated up . false advertise that wall is over 1 '' thick but is only at the wall joints . The shovel accidently fell on one side of the wall and the the wall shred off a section . My neighbor have the plastic sheds and they all have around 1.5 to 2 inch thick walls all around . Materials inside heated up and would damage much quicker since heat absortion is so high 126 degree F. that is rediculous high compare to my old beat up shed only around 92 degree F in the same high heat summer day.This is a bad design . it is flimpsy and weak . I am worry a winter wind might flew the shed away . That 's how bad it is .
 I bought one of these at Home Depot and it was broken out of the box . The replacement worked good for 3 weeks and it 's broken again . Do n't buy this brand !
 I take direct issue with this
 I bought this along with one of the recommended items -LRB- fountain head set -RRB- , but the pump does n't have enough power to push water out the top-most fountain head . It just dribbles out . This pump seems like it 's for a fish tank or something , not a pond or fountain . I 'll definitely need a larger pump to move water up two feet and out the fountain head .
 I purchased pump to run my aquaponics garden and the pump stopped working in a month . No help , no replacement .
 Purchased the : extra large '' Sunterra 320 GPH pump for my 3 ft high water fall and 6 ft stream . When plugged in , the 320 GPH went down to approx . 100 GPH with a result of a pitiful waterfall flow . When I called Sunterra , they said that this `` extra large '' pump was not designed for this function and they could do nothing to help . Oh well , I had to eat this purchase . Yuck ! The 1/2 PVC Sunterra tubing was also a big disappointment .
 I was initially happy with this pump but within 2 months started having problems . The pump would not restart after cleaning the filter box in my pond without putting something in the pump to start the impeller moving again . Two weeks later the pump failed all together . Emails to Sunterra went unanswered until today , 10 months later with some lame excuse about having problems with their web site and just now getting my e-mail messages . The only help they offered was to see if I was still having problems with the pump even though what had happened was clearly explained in prior contact . In short this pump is junk and their customer service or lack of is highly suspect . I will make a point of steering clear of their products in the future .
 This pump is not very good . This one just died after 3 months of use . Sadly , I purchased another one and expect it will die too .
 The seller took their time getting it to my address , I had to contact them to get things moving.When the pump arrived , I did n't immediately use it ... I should have ... because five days later when I used it , I noticed it was on its last leg.It made a grinding noise when plugged in , it pumped water ... but I do n't trust it on my automated gear , I 'm using this one as a transfer pump so I can be there when it actually dies . The seller had n't even cleaned out the pond muck in the -LRB- used -RRB- pump.Selling something used is fine.Selling something used that is broken or seconds away from breaking is just lousy.Selling something without cleaning it off is another indicator that this seller did n't care much about their customers.I had intended to leave a positive review ... at first , my only complaint was the delivery was taking too long , and the seller was friendly about it and got it sent out right away ... but after finding that this pump had n't even been cleaned and is nearly 100 % worn out I was VERY irritated.Especially since this seller charged me what I was paying for brand new sunterra pumps of the same model.Unfortunately the seller with the new ones is gone , so I was forced to buy a used one ... I 'll never do that again !!
 i am having difficulty with the sunterra 320 gph pump as it did n't come with the correct hose fittings and it is not the same as the picture on amazon at all - the front water flow opening is covered with a solid plastic shield not the grate like one pictured and the opening at the top is different as well.i had a sunterra pump that looked just like the pictured pump and it was bigger and alot more powerful . as i purchased it assembled from a garden center already in the stone water fall , the pump did n't have any specs on it.in order to replace the original pump i had to guess by looking at the picture i saw on the amazon ad page . the original pump burned out after a year ... so i do n't have high expectations of this one.i am going to gerry rig the fitting to the hose with duck tape and know better next time .
 I bought this clock about 1.5 years ago , and about 3 months ago , the display started malfunctioning . The top part of all the characters on the display -LRB- on both the top part and bottom part of the display -RRB- stopped showing on the screen.I thought it might be due to batteries running low , but adding fresh batteries and resetting the display made no difference . I tried it many times.The warranty expired after one year , but I decided to e-mail Lacrosse as I was quite frustrated . I really liked the clock and it worked well for as long as it lasted -LRB- I live in Vancouver , British Columbia -RRB- . The response from Lacrosse was pitiful to say the least . They sent me what seemed to be form letter responses ... which never addressed the actual problem that I was having . I explained the situation as clearly as possible over 3 exchanges of e-mails . Their first response seemed to pertain to a clock that did not even resemble the functioning of mine ... I finally gave up , and today I went out and bought another clock , and I noticed that the original store I purchased it from did not carry Lacrosse clocks anymore ... maybe for a good reason . Hope this helps all you recent and prospective buyers ...
 I bought this clock about 1.5 years ago , and about 3 months ago , the display started malfunctioning . The top part of all the characters on the display -LRB- on both the top part and bottom part of the display -RRB- stopped showing on the screen.I thought it might be due to batteries running low , but adding fresh batteries and resetting the display made no difference . I tried it many times.The warranty expired after one year , but I decided to e-mail Lacrosse as I was quite frustrated . I really liked the clock and it worked well for as long as it lasted -LRB- I live in Vancouver , British Columbia -RRB- . The response from Lacrosse was pitiful to say the least . They sent me what seemed to be form letter responses ... which never addressed the actual problem that I was having . I explained the situation as clearly as possible over 3 excahnges of e-mails . Their first response seemed to pertain to a clock that did not even resemble the functioning of mine ... I finally gave up , and today I went out and bought another clock , and I noticed that the original store I purchased it from did not carry Lacrosse clocks anymore ... maybe for a good reason . Hope this helps all you recent and prospective buyers ...
 I did n't even plug it in , as the pump arrived with a broken front dial . Super disappointed since I was really looking forward to getting the pump installed . I guess I just received a defective one , but still , it 's not a good impression . I put a 2 * since I actually do n't even know how good or bad the product it , guess I 'll never find out ...
 The pump worked fine but it was to small to do the job . It did not have enough power to send the water up into the fountain like it should .
 This product DOES NOT pump the quoted water . It barely trickles on all the settings .
 Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . Fool me * four times * , well I just do n't know what to say ... I 've had four of these pumps in the last five years . One was in my pond when I bought the house , I purchased two and one was was replaced under warranty . Every single one failed . Two of them lasted only a little more than a year . The last one died after only 4 months . The failure mode is always the same
 I 've had three and none has lasted much more than a year . I 'm going to try a mag drive pump next .
 As the previous reviewer noted , my Cal PW3500 lasted just about a year . The seal failed allowing water to enter and tripped my GFI circuit . This is very unfortunate because this pump performs very well for the cost and provides a steady flow of water . Buyer beware .
 It only worked a short time before it stopped . Our last one worked 4 years . I do not recommend this pump .
 I have not used this pump due to the fact it is not the same as the photo . The intake is not the same . It is the same as GPH of 3500 . Not the same as the photo.check before you order . Looks like they are shipping older pumps and showing phones of new.Will not use they again
 Over the 6 years I have had my pond , I have gone through 4 of these pumps . Yes , perhaps I should have stopped buying it after the second or third one , but all of my connections , hoses , and fittings were designed for this pump . The main problem with this pump is it will shut off a GFI plug as the internal drive starts to arc on itself . This starts to occur anywhere from 2 months to 1 year after install . It produces great water pressure , but this thing is NOT built to last . I will be purchasing a different brand of pump from here on .
 If you have a computer or TV with cable or a dish you 'll find no use for this . I find it useless and fustrating , I have to come up to it very close to read it because of its glare .
 This pump lasted for a month before it burned up . I do not recommend it .
 I have a Urn type fountain , and my old pump rated at 100 GPH just made the water trickle out the top , so I thought doubling the output would help . There is about a two foot climb from the submerged pump to the water outlet . This pump could barely make any water come out . On the positive side , it has a nice long heavy cord . I do n't see how it could get a rating of 200 GPH .
 Not happy with this pump , could not get the knob to turn all the way , therefore had to put the pump in a smaller fountain .
 We ordered this for our fountain of about 3.5 feet tall . After we installed it , we found it too weak to create effective flow even though it says 4.5 feet . We are going to return this one and try the 320GPH unit . I would suggest users account for about 50 % of the maximum lift rating based on what we saw .
 It was too weak for my fountain.After I opened the box , I ca n't return or exchange .
 The stated information for the - `` Sunterra 120016 Large Fountain Pump , 200 GPH , Black '' says , `` Pumps 200 gallons of water per hour with a maximum lift of 4.9 feet `` This is _ useless _ information . What is required is the maximum lift _ AT _ some specified height ! For example the lift is 200GPH at zero-feet of lift and xxxGPH at 1-foot lift or yyyGPH at 2-foot lift . Without a direct relationship there is no value in these numbers AT ALL . A maximum flow rate of 200GPH is great . A Maximum lift of 5.9-feet is also great . But without a specified lift at a specified flow rate the numbers are _ totally useless _ .
 I bought a two pack of these lights from my local pond supply shop . They are advertised as being great for in or out of water . They are very neat lights and the colored lenses provide very rich color changes . The only problem is that they are absolutely horrible for in-water use . As the bulb and housing heat up , it will actually cause the glass lens to pop out of place allowing water to enter the housing and submerge the bulb and electrical contacts . This caused numerous burned out bulbs and also fried my transformer completely on more than one occasion , which then had to be replaced . Not to mention I would then have to fish the lenses and color filters out from the bottom of my pond . So like I said , neat lights ... as long as you actually never put them in water .
 the flag is wrong the blue field takes up half of the width of the flag it is very disappointing to get a flag so many have fought for that is just laid out wrong
 This was a cheap flag made in China , with poor printed quality . If I 'm not mistaken , the American flag is only supposed to be made in America . Wheres a good class action lawyer when it really matters ?
 The flag was thin walmart grade thin cloth painted stars , stripes , etc. . Wish there was a $ 10 flag that was sewn , where I am located flags only last a couple of weeks .
 So I decided to go with a polyester flag as I had read that for high wind areas it was better than nylon ... well , I would n't suggest this particular flag because it looks cheap . Like REALLY cheap . Its very thin , feels almost like worn out cotton , and the printing is very sloppy , so the colors bleed and the stripes are kind of curved . I 'm almost embarrassed to try it on my flag pole ! I am hoping from 20ft above it wo n't look as cheap-o but I fear I wasted 5 bucks ... but I suppose what can you expect for 5 bucks right ? I would suggest this only if you need something disposable , like for a rally or game ... not for flying ...
 This is supposed to be a two sided flag but the backside is faded more than the front when new . This is not recommended.As an American soldier , I am embarassed to hang this flag due to the poor quality .
 Now granted this was rather cheap . But when I was getting it cheap I was expecting that to just be the materials . The dimensions on this flag are completely wrong . Its not even 3x5 ! And the blue portion takes about 1/3 of the entire flag up . The picture is misleading to what you actually get .
 Received the flag on 22 August and flew it every day . On 5 Oct , one of the grummets tore out and the other was rusted badly . Poor quality flag and the vendor would not replace outside of 30 days from delivery .
 Low quality fabric but ca n't complain because of the cheap price . But what made me unhappy is that the flag is not 5x3 . It 's actually 5x2 .75 might not seem like a big deal but I wanted to put this flag next to another flag on my wall but now I cant .
 Other flags may be sturdier , but you ca n't beat it for the price . Allows me to keep fresh , clean spares on hand without breaking the bank .
 Received the order very quickly . However , the flag was printed only on one side of the material . The colors show thru on the non-printed side , but appear washed out . However , since this flag was packaged together with a flag pole I wish I had known that the flag was not fit to be displayed on the pole . Also there was a spot of color bleaching on the star field -LRB- blue area of the flag -RRB- . I guess you get what you pay for .
 very very thin , and came with one of the rings falling off of the flag , one strong wind and its gone , get somthing a little more durable .
 Not perfectly rectangular , cheap material , colors are not vibrant . If you need a cheap flag for indoor use only which will not be displayed , this will work . I discourage this flag being used for display , and do not recommend for outdoor use . If you need a cheap , low-quality , indoor flag for personal use , this works .
 I understand that you get what you pay for , but this is just awful . I was expecting cheap , thin material , but this flag is beyond defective . The blue portion is skewed and at an angle with the rest of the flag . Also , the white one the left side is virtually see through so you can see the dramatic angle of the blue material . The bottom red strip is also perpetually curled up , making it look thinner than the rest . I am not flying this flag , but hanging it on a wall . I imagine that it would last only a couple of hours if I flew it outside . The only reason I am giving it 2 instead of 1 stars is that it is cheap , so I have to expect some of this . The best comparison I can think of is Halloween costume quality.Although the flag is poor quality , this was delivered very promptly . It was folded and packaged well and fit into a small padded envelope .
 It is one big piece of Junk ! The material isvery thin and he prints colors ran into each other . The bottom line it may b worth the $ .01 but not the extra $ 4.99 fr shipping ad handling.Army , Navy & Military Flags - All Colors & Sizes !
 As posted before , the field of stars is out of dimension , goes half way across the flag . Other than that , it 's okay for $ 4 .
 This piece of `` paper '' called a flag seems as though it was made out of recycled paper ! When I tried attaching it to the clip , the ring on the inside of the flag ripped and fell out ! Do n't waste your time and do n't buy one !
 The flag looks better in the picture , but when you open the box , prepare for dissapointment . I purchased 7 flags to present to my family upon my return home from Afghanistan . I refuse to give my family these flags as a gift . Now I am stuck with them because it is not worth it to send them back . The only reason they did not get 1 star is because they shipped fast .
 The flag is a decent price and the delivery was fast . My problem is that the flag came with one of the grommets not attached to the material .
 this flag is supposed to represent the GREATEST country on earth and the makers are at fault as well as the SELLER ! $ 5 is not much to spend but i HATE that i wasted it on a flag with this poor quality . the flag is only printed on one side of the polyester . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! i WOULD NOT recommend this product and definitely NOT THE SELLER to anyone . EVER .
 This is a very poor quality flag , dont waste your money . It wouldnt last 5 minutes if you put it on a flag pole . I just have it hanging on the wall , but being that close you can see ALL of the imperfections .
 Wrong item shipped . Took 4ever to get here . I was an idiot and did not realize this product was coming from another country.NEVER buy from these people . NEVER NEVER NEVER . Product was also of POOR quality . CHEAP . Wo n't even waste my time to try and exchange it
 This item was shipped and received within a week.It 's a poorly sewn and printed flag . It 's a really flimsy thin polyester material that feels almost as thin as tissue . I ironed and pressed it but could n't get all the wrinkles out . The sewing on this flag is off ; the top and bottom are sewn just a little too short for the flag to lay completely flat when placed on a flat surface . This causes the flag to pucker in many places , if you like the rippled look then this is the flag for you . The ripples make it look like it 's in the wind , even though it 's hanging on a wall indoors . I only paid $ 5 for the flag , it 's true what people say , you get what you pay for .
 Received the flag with only 13 stars and has 15 stripes . Not sure what country it is from but certainly not a US flag . Total waste of money .
 I love this chair . Why two stars ?? Well , despite the manufacturers name `` outback '' and the promotional literature showing the chair hanging from trees , this chair is not intended to be left outdoors . The arm rails are laminated wood with a thin , cheap interior grade polyurethane coating . My chair was rained on and the arms immediately turned black and delaminated . This chair is so comfortable I sent it back for a replacement which I coated all the wood parts with a high grade marine varnish . Problem solved ... or was it ? The foam in the seating pads is not hydrophobic , which is to say they absorb moisture and hold it like a sponge . It will stay soggy for weeks . They should have used the closed cell type foam found in life vests instead . I love this chair -LRB- it puts me right to sleep ! -RRB- except it is really useless for the outdoors and I really do n't think it is appropriate to hang in a living room . If you have a porch with a deep , deep overhang this chair is for you . By the way , Outback makes a huge metal stand for this chair if you do n't want to suspend it from the ceiling . This stand is very unstable , easy to tip and will knock you out if hit in the head . I sent it back too .
 I bought these so I could make my own baby shower invitations . I do n't care for them . I do n't know if you need some special ink , but I have an ink pad and the markers that you can use on stamps and neither work well with it . It kinda bubbles up so the entire stamp does n't appear on the paper . Money down the drain .
 It works fine as a coffee cup , but it did not come as shown with the green and red logo , which I thought looked nice . If I wanted a plain -LRB- no logo -RRB- cup , I would have ordered that . I 'm a little disappointed .
 I 've had this kit installed for a year now . The pump never worked out of the box . The cheap plastic filter cap on the pump will always shift and jam the impeller causing the pump to fail . The filter is pretty much worthless -LRB- the reviews on this filter says it all -RRB- . I 'm happy with the look and all but could have done much better buying the liners and quality pump and filter system separately.I would not recommend this kit !
 the picture shown is not the gh control kit the control kit has a small bottle of testing solution and two bottles of ph up & ph down not just a picture of a 8oz bottle of testing solution , if you buy this as shown you will not get what you want .
 THE PH UP WAS VERY WEAK TOOK AT LEAST 4 TIMES MORE OF THE PRODUCT VERSUS THE PH DOWN.I WAS VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT I RECOMMEND NOT BUYING IT 'S JUNK ! . PS . STILL TRYING TO FIND A GOOD VALUE FOR THIS TYPE OF PRODUCT
 Shipped fast , but when i got the package i realized just how little of this product is actually there . I used half the PH up bottle to get my small reservoir to the correct range . The ph up does n't seem to be very strong , poor performance , I could see using the entirety of its contents in just a few days . For the price you pay you would be much better off getting these items for the same price but with 4-8 times as much product from someone else . The PH down seemed to work OK , but I do n't need it as much .
 This product was not what I thought it was and I could not use it . I would like to return the package .
 This product is no good for hydroponic gardens . Once you add the nutrients to the water it will change the PH level and how are you going to match the color of the water to the PH chart ? Save yourself some money and buy a PH meter .
 not a very accurate PH testing kit because the test vial they give you is very small and if your water is under the ph that you want , if you add just one drop of the PH UP solution it will jump about 5 points in PH. The color system is inaccurate as well because it 's hard to tell the difference between 2-3 PH. 6 , 7 , 8 and 9 PH all look relatively the same and its hard to dial down to a certain PH. i would send these back if i could and just buy a digital PH reading pen
 The product has not yet arrived and it is past the estimated arrival time.All of my previously ordered things from `` different '' places ... Have all comeearly . Guess I got bad luck with these guys . Order it from somewhere else .
 Perfectly sealed package missing the ph testing tube and ph testing solution . I have my own meter but still not happy that I didnt receive everything that is shown here
 It 's not accurate and it 's not enough ph up . I do n't recommend it . Buy a digital ph reader instead . Not this
 I purchased after my previous plastic one with a somewhat different design , but no brand name became misthreaded after 3 or 4 years of use . How long did this last ? About 10 days ! The little black shutoff shown in the picture fell off . Kaput ! I would n't buy this again .
 This is very cheap and came to me with broken pieces . It also sheds the moss . They glue it together .
 Quite a bit of MOSS had fallen off -LRB- ? in transit -RRB- and it is cheaply constructed . I was disappointed about the product
 I fell in love with this cute birdhouse when I saw it on Amazon.com . It would look awesome on my fence post in the backyard . I have tons of birds and this would be a perfect addition to the yard . The birdhouse took a long time to arrive and when I opened the box I was so disappointed to see that all the moss had been knocked off of the roof and also the sides . I 'm assuming it was due to how they shipped it . The item was n't wrapped appropriately ! The little dowel used for the bird to rest on , came unglued and was knocked off . I found it inside the house . It 's adorable in the picture but it did n't look like the picture when I opened the box . Needless to say , I returned it for a refund .
 I do n't know if I received a dud , but either way I ca n't recommend this product . First of all , the candles give off a fake-looking light that has no warmth or ambience , which is the whole point of having a candle . Second , they barely hold their charge , so you get very little time out of them . I returned mine after a day of use . Check out smartcandle.com if you want a more natural and reliable light .
 If you like the look of flickering sodium lights like a the Walmart Parking lot , you 'll love these.I do n't and I guess I 'll have to stomach paying the shipping charges to return them .
 I have used this stove for both car camping and cooking at bike races and like a few things about it . One is that it is much more stable than the typical single burner stoves , so putting a large pot or pan on the grates is not a problem . In addition , the propane gas cylinders are quite cheap in comparison to the jetboils or other small tank stoves , so it is cheaper to operate.On the other hand , there are a few easy fixes that would make this a better product . One is that the unit requires a small extension tube to connect to the fuel tank and this needs to be unscrewed and carried separately . The bottom of the stove has lots of room but that is taken up by a rather useless piece of aluminum that could easily have been modified to allow the tank connector to snap into place , so it is not lost in moving the unit around . Organization is particular important for camping as you have lots of stuff , and if one of the parts is missing , it means the unit is worthless.In addition , the aluminum piece on the bottom is razor sharp , so while cleaning it this evening , I brushed my thumb on the edge of the guard and had a nasty cut . These kinds of things are so obvious that I just do n't understand how a company with as much experience as Coleman could miss them .
 Just completed a 2.5 month , 12,000 mile trip around the US . The pressure regulator arrived with the gauge needle stuck behind the pin , that part fixed easily , just popped off the cover and moved the needle . After about 3 weeks of use , with never having had external pressure over the mid green level , this thing started leaking like crazy . This was n't 3 weeks of continuous use , as we would spend about 5 days dry camping , then 1-2 days in a commercial campground to clean tanks and recharge systems . So in reality it was in use maybe 5 days . By week 4 it was totally worthless . Do n't waste your money.Camco stuff sometimes works , sometimes is crap .
 The photo for this item shows a pressure gauge with actual pressure shown in psi . The item that was delivered had a guage with just 3 zones shown - red , yellow and green . I returned this item because the pressure gauge was useless . I had also purchased the reducer without the pressure gauge . I purchased a pressure from my local hardware store to tell what was really happening before and after the pressure reducer .
 I ordered this for regulating water pressure on my motorcoach . Arrived super fast from Amazon , but it did not work at all . No water would pass thru the regulator . Fortunately Amazon is taking it back and paying for the postage . WAY TO GO AMAZON . Thanks.Additional info . The guage on the regulator I recd only has low -LRB- yellow -RRB- , green , and red -LRB- high -RRB- . In other words there was no PSI numbers like the one shown on Amazon .
 I am returning it . I should have believed the previous review . The gauge on the regulator only has low -LRB- yellow -RRB- , green , and red -LRB- high -RRB- . There is no PSI numbers like the one shown on the product 's picture .
 This water pressure regulator arrived defective , exhibiting what is known as `` hysteresis . '' In normal language , it makes a loud screeching sound when attached between the exterior house faucet -LRB- i.e. , hose bib -RRB- and a hose with a nozzle that is shut off . When the water is running , the gauge is fine , but when the nozzle is shut off and the regulator is required to do its job -- regulate the hose pressure -- it flips out.Hope this helps , Tim
 I bought this to use on my fifth wheel camper . It worked for about a week and had extremely low pressure . After the first week it stopped working all together and would n't let any water through . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 Worked for a couple of trips then stopped the water flow completely at 4am on a chilly night -LRB- no it did not freeze -RRB- .
 Picture shows a gauge with pressure readings , the item received has a gauge divided into three sections , `` LOW '' , green , and `` HIGH '' . Many reviewers have mentioned the same issue . Thankfully amazon has an easy refund system .
 Manufacturer still has not updated photo . You still receive one with colors instead of numbers on the pressure dial . Hope it works at least . Have not tried yet . Please provide correct photo .
 I wanted to reduce the pressure in my water system . This was one of only a few devices I could find that was designed to do this function . Worked fine for a little over one month , then it completely stopped all water flow ... right outside the return window . So it goes into the recycle bin . Total and complete waste of time and money . I deserved this outcome , because other people have written of their similar experience and kindly provided warning which I simply ignored .
 This hose looks pretty , but that 's the only compliment I 'd give it . The vinyl is just not pliable , and since it seems to retain its wound-up profile , there are always 2-3 kinks in the line when you stretch it out . I also could n't get a good tight seal on the fittings , either when connecting to another hose or to a nozzle . This hose was a complete waste of money .
 Bag was unusable and returned . All new bags smell a little bit but this bag was terrible . No way I would ever sleep in it . I have three Slumberjack sleeping bags and none of them was like this one . I ended up buying the mate to one of my existing bags in order to have a double . Thanks to Amazon for a quick , no hassle refund .
 On the picture it looks great . After shipment arrived and we opened it , I was n't much impressed . For the same $ we got much better quality in different brand .
 The plants arrived in great shape . Unfortunately , you do n't find out until months later -LRB- after plants grow up and peppers mature -RRB- that you have received yellow mushroom peppers instead of the habanero peppers you had ordered . Too late in the season to get new plants to plant . We 'll consider twice before ordering from this seller in the future .
 My husband got me addicted to peppers , so most of what we have grown in our garden over the last few years are pepper plants - cayennes , bells , jalapenos , sweet bananas , hot bananas , etc. . This year we tried habaneros , and ordered them online because our local Home Depot & Lowe 's did n't carry them . The were shipped quickly and with care - no complaints there ! We planted them at the same time in March that we did the rest of our garden , including jalapenos & cayennes in the same raised bed . The jalapenos & cayenne plants went crazy and just stopped producing fruit a couple weeks ago . The habanero plants have been seemingly on a timewarp - they did n't grow at all -LRB- at ALL -RRB- for at least two months , and have grown EXTREMELY slowly since - i.e. , when I received the plants , they were about 4 '' tall and they 're now about 10 '' tall . I contacted the seller for advice in May and got a reply stating `` they 're hard to grow . `` I 'll look harder for a local grower next year and see how it goes .
 Perhaps I 'm a klutz or something , but I did n't have much success with this gadget . Most of my pots did n't turn out good enough to use and I found that even the ones that did were awkward to fill with soil and/or line up in the pan I was using for my water tray , since the bases were n't completely flat on most . I certainly gave my project the old college try on multiple occasions , but in the end found the little peat pots much easier to use.The form itself is sturdy , attractive and well made and seems like it would last for countless seasons . Apparently , others have had success , but folks should know that this device does n't work well for everyone . It seemed like a good idea and I worked hard to cut the needed newspaper strips to the correct size and all , but I was n't happy with my results and ended up giving the form away .
 Received it today . The two shafts would not fit together , one was not large enough for the other one to slip inside . Made do then I tried follow the set up instructions . One sentence read , `` Adjust TUNE controller until you hear a critical sound from the speaker '' . I have no idea what a critical sound is . Does it mean , adjust until you hear a sound or until the sound becomes loud ? The rest of the instructions did not make any sense to me either . Called Famous Trails toll free number for help , , , no one home on a Friday afternoon . Logged onto their web site hoping to find a video to watch , they do n't have one . I clicked on the owner 's manual on their site , , , do n't ask me why . It was different from the one I received with the unit even though it was for the same model . It said the Sensitivity knob turns the unit on/off . Mine turns on with the volume knob . Emailed customer service for help . We 'll see if I get any . Wanted to play with it this week end , but that is not going to happen . If you buy one , I hope you can understand their instructions . I could n't .
 This is the second brand of worm castings I 've used and I wish I would have stuck with the original but Amazon was out of stock.My seedlings started out completely happy and healthy then a transplanted them into a mix of this and coconut coir -LRB- I used the coir to start them and then used the remaining coir mixed with this -RRB- THEY ALL DIED ! AND my plants that I just did a side dressing of this ALL DIED !!! My established about to produce plants , my mom house plants and my seedling everything DEAD!I also found bits of plastic and stuff in the ` castings ' . DO N'T DO IT !
 had a difficult time keeping the humidity stable , then got very little help from oasis when I tried to find out how to correct the problem.Hopefully they are now better able to respond to customer complaints .
 I was not pleased with the speed of standard shipping from this company . After ordering 12 of these -LRB- $ 47.52 -RRB- I was charged $ 11.03 for shipping . I ordered on the 7th of the month and was notified I would n't receive the product until the 16th or 21st of the month . Did n't feel I received my money 's worth . Probably wo n't order from this company in the future .
 I guess , I should n't complain provided how much this thing costs ... It does the trick and looks nice from a distance but the colors bled even before I got it out of the envelope it came in , and it does show when it 's hanging right in front of me in the car ... A little plastic rod that is used to hang the flag keeps popping out which is annoying.And guess what - it 's made in china ...
 Seemed well-built and sturdy , and it did cut pretty well until it lost a 1-inch chunk in the middle of the sharp blade , rendering it utterly useless . I 've only had it for a couple months , using infrequently for light work around the yard . Very disappointing .
 It 's nice and heavy cast iron -- that is a 5-star BUT it already has RUST SPOTS all over it and we 've only had it three weeks . We have a new deck and I 'm hoping the rust does n't stain it ! I still ca n't find the fine print about moisture and rust in the description . If it needs coating , why does n't the manufacturer do that ?? Ca n't imagine why I did n't read the reviews -- I usually do . Bottom line , this umbrella base is not weather proof . For this reason -- all those rust spots -- I sadly have to give it 2 stars.UPDATE
 We just got this item a month ago and it 's already rusty . The interesting thing is that it only rained 2 or 3 times . In their description it says `` To prevent rusting , the base should be protected from constant exposure to rain and moisture . '' So , I guess you 'll need to bring it inside any time it rains . Very convenient ! What cheap garbage !
 The base does n't fit my umbrella -- the hole is only 1-1/2 '' inches in diameter . My umbrella pole is 1-7/8 '' . Nowhere in the Amazon ad is the pole diameter mentioned.Also , read the fine print
 Not impressed with this base ... Mine was `` deformed '' in some of the designs . Feel very poor quality control of mdse . I did not bother to exchange as it took 3 tries to get a not damaged or badly defective matching table -LRB- strathwood Bainbridge Cast Aluminum Rd. . Table . -RRB-
 Going in , I knew this would n't be a perfect solution . Other reviews pointed out that the job would still be messy and that I would have to purchase a rubber coupling to make it work with my Toro blower . What I was n't prepared for was how terribly unwieldy the assembled unit would be . The lowest gutters on my two story house are over the garage and 11 ' off the ground . I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and needed most of the tubes installed to comfortably hold the blower at waist level . While this did the job , the whole contraption wants to sway in all directions and there is no way that I would attempt using it without both feet on terra firma.Since all my other gutters would require a ladder and all extensions , it 's unusable to me . There is a slight chance that the unit might be a bit more stable attached to a Weed Eater brand blower , but I do n't see how . I ca n't recommend this item to anyone .
 The gutter cleaner attachment is not compatible with the blower that I purchased at the same time . I believe that had I purchased the items at a local store the sales person would have told me about it .
 The attachment can be easily fit to a gas blower . However , it works only 1 minute and it is blowed off quickly . I can not tighten the blower further to stop it to blow off . I look at the product carefully and think the produce should have a slightly higher clip on the adaptor . Well , I have to return the product . But it may work on electric blower .
 I bought this so i could use it with a toro rake and vac.model # 51573 It doesnt fit !!!! If anybody reads this and can get it to fit a toro of any type , please let us know . Im sure it works well with something , but the ad says it will fit ALL gas and electric blowers . Im a sucker !!!
 This Weed eater product did n't attach properly to the blower , and even after I duct taped it still was unstable.When I used it , it blew water , dirt and debrie on my head.If you use it , be sure to use Eye protection ... . unhappy in Ohio .
 I bought this product a week ago with the hope it would work as it was shown in its ad , but it did not . First of all it is very hard to hook it up with any kind/make of blower . I had a gas blower and an electric blower . It did not fit with any one of those . Then I bought a third one from Lowe 's and somehow connected with it but it did not do the job . My experience is that the blower does not handle the weight of pipes when air is blowing thru it . It simply knocks the pipes down from elbow . I tried my best to make it work but it did not.I would say its not worth spending money on it . If any one gives me suggestion how it works , I would appreciate it . I have one TORO and one Black & Decker electric blower and one gas blower .
 A waste of money . Impossible to hold in place with all the sections attached . Save your money .
 Hard to use when you have to manage a blower as well . I have gone back to blowing off the top of a ladder instead .
 In concept , this is a great product . With the right blower , I 'm sure it 's great . But it 's not quite accurate when they say `` fits all electric and gas blowers -LRB- except Vroom and FL 1500 -RRB- . '' I have an older Homelite blower that has served me pretty well for more than a decade . Technically , this attachment fits , but not well.The kit contains a few different adapters depending on the type of blower you have . On mine , the blower nozzle attaches and is held in place by a metal compression ring that is tightened with a screw . To attach this gutter cleaner attachment you remove the entire nozzle , and insert the gutter cleaner 's tapered adapter , then tighten the compression ring . The adapter is obviously tapered so that it will fit a variety of sizes of blower outlet . However , it does n't matter how tight you tighten the compression ring , since it 's tapered it will slide out . I gave up cleaning my gutters about 1/4 of the way through the job because the attachment would pop off the blower about every five feet . Then I 'd have to shut off the blower , reattach , and start the blower again . After about eight tries to get the thing to attach more solidly , I gave up.Before you order , take a good look at your blower . Do n't just go by the two models listed above . If your blower nozzle attaches with a little button , or twists on , you 'll probably be pretty happy with this attachment . But if you do n't have a notch of some kind keeping the attachment in place , it 's probably going to come flying off sooner rather than later .
 I purchased this gutter cleaning kit because I thought it would be easier to use than climbing onto the roof again . Once everything was assembled and connected to my Weed Eater blower I found it difficult to use . First , when I moved the blower 's power lever past the half way point the gutter kit blew apart at the base . IT works at slower speeds but it 's difficult for one person to handle alone because it is n't connected to the blower securely enough . I gave up and climbed back onto the roof .
 The connector piece that fits to the blower does n't allow the tubes to lock to it . Thus it comes off when the blower is turned on . The elbow takes all the air and pulls the tubing off . The semi-curved gutter extension is also a bad design . It points straight into the gutter and tends to blow leaves all over . The old designed tubing had a gutter extension that rotated and you could move it about to control the direction it blew the leaves . I purchased the WEB150 blower and the ad for the gutter extension tubes clearly stated this accessory would fit it . I jury rigged the tubing to slide down the long portion of the blower tube that came with the blower , but since it 's an oval and not a truly round tube like the gutter extension is it works loose after a while and it also loses air because the tubes do n't match up in shape.In the end it was a losy purchase on my part . A wasted $ 39 . I 'll be looking for another brand blower and gutter extension in the spring .
 Sent this item back.Great customer service from Amazon . Accepted a complete refund.This item was way too complicated to attach . What should be a very easy thing , attaching several tubes together , was way too hard.In addition , it kept popping off from the blower when attempting to utilize.Waste of time . Sent it back from whence it came .
 I read the reviews before purchasing this item , but no one mentioned how flimsy the material was . One gentleman did mention in the end he duct taped the attachment to his blower - that made me laugh . I was n't laughing when I had to do the same thing to keep the unit from flying off every time I turned on the blower . I have four acres of land I maintain by myself so it 's not a `` girl '' thing .
 This product was horrible . Continued to fall apart when fit together . Was not easy to stabilize over drain sprout .
 The attachment to the blower unit did not fit either my Ryobi gas blower or my Black and Decker electric blower . I was able to make a temporary connection using duct tape to the electric blower for testing purposes . While it did blow the debris from the gutter it is somewhat clumsy to hold the vertical attachement during use . If possible you should attempt to confirm that the attachment fits your blower before buying it . I did see from other reviews that it did not fit a Toro either .
 The device was a little difficult to put together and cumbersome to hold once finished . It works as advertised if the leaves are completely dry and works terribly if the leaves are at all wet .
 Impossible to control with all attachments installed . I tried to use on my split level home which is a story and a half high and I could not keep the hose on the gutter . I am in good shape and plenty strong enough to hold it up there . However , once the blower get going it would shoot itself right out of position . Back to the ladder for me ! Do n't waste your time . It MIIGHT be okay for a single story home .
 I purshased this product for the sole purpose of removing pine needles from my gutters . It is a well made product that fit correctly to my gas powered blower . It may work well for large leaf debris in your gutters ; but it does not remove pine needles . The large and forcefull ammount of air at the delivery nozzle simply blows around the pine needles ! It will be up for sale at my next garage sale .
 This weed eater guard cleaner is advertised as fitting all weed eaters but two models but that is not true . It does not fit my model weed eater model EBV 2000 which has a rectangular connector and the gutter cleaner has a round connector . I had to clean my gutters quickly before rain came so I duct taped it on the blower and managed to use with a lot of trouble of holding it together . I am very discussed with this company for the FALSE advertising that is on this site . I will not return it nor will I buy from them again .
 I tried the tubes for 2 hours they were useless . I did not complain to the seller so I cant rate them . But the tubes are useless . Did not fit my weed eater leaf blower correctly . They will now just gather dust in my shed till I throw them out .
 I bought a Weedeater featherlite FB25 blower to use with this gutter cleaning kit , and it will not work with it . All of the adapters are made for another type of tube , and will not work on this blower . The FB25 needs to be added to the list of blowers with which this will not work .
 this product claims that it will fit all blowers except 2 . it will not ! i have a poulan pro that it wo n't fit . same company makes both products . do n't buy this on line or you will be screwed when it wo n't fit . you have to pay return shipping and a restocking charge because you believed the ficticious advertising claims of an unscrupulous seller . if you must have one , i 'll be listing it on ebay as new , see other !!!!
 Not correct when the ad says that it will work with all blowers.What they mean is `` all Weed Eater brand blowers `` I saw many such re-viewer 's comments -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- after my purchase.The supplier should include a 3 '' x 3 '' Rubber sleeve with clips so that buyers do n't have to go searching for it Home Depot or Lowes ...
 I am really unhappy with this product . My goal was to clean the gutters without climbing up high on an extension ladder . This item seemed to fit the bill , but it did not . I read in a couple of reviews that you will get dirty . That was fine with me . But I was not prepared to have huge chunks of muck hit me in the face . Safety goggles were not nearly enough protection for my eyes . I also just expected that the waste from the gutter would be blown out of the gutter to the ground . I did n't expect a significant amount of waste from the gutter to be blown up onto the roof behind the gutter . Seems obvious that would happen in hindsight , but I did n't realize it would happen . And worst of all , I was not able to complete the task . Because of a slight slope in my property , I was not able to reach some of the gutters with this attachment with my 8 foot stepladder . I had pre-measured and , at first , it seemed a feasible reach from the top rung . But I did n't realize that there would be enough torque to make it too unsafe to be standing on the top rung . So , this experiment was a total disaster . For those who might want to benefit from my mistake , I found that the `` Gutter Sense '' tool was a successful solution . With the `` Gutter Sense , '' I also had to buy a suitably long extension pole and add some rope -LRB- so I could reach the second story gutters -RRB- - now the gutters get clean and I do n't climb on any ladders at all .
 While it was fairly simple to put together , using it is another story . It was very unstable once on the blower and the power on . I tried to steady it while the blower was on , but it is too hard to try and hold this contraption and the blower at the same time . I even tried to take off the extensions and use it on a ladder -LRB- effectively defeating the purpose of purchasing this -RRB- , but that too proved too cumbersome . I would discourage others from buying this .
 Fit well on my older Toro blower . Had to fight the attachment to stay vertical once the blower was on . Worked well until it hit a pocket of wetter leaves and then it just blew wet leaves and water everywhere . I found it more of a hassle that what it was worth . I may give it another go , but it 's a single story house and the ladder method is just as effective . Should have put the money towards some gutter guards !
 This product just would n't stay together when being used , it come apart where it joins to the blower . The so called `` adapters '' that are supposed to fit `` all major brands '' stink ! . Mind you , you 're trying to balance this very long tube to overlook the gutter and also trying to keep the unit in one piece but as soon as you throttle up , it blows apart . I wound up using screws and bungy cords to hold it in one piece but it 's still a handful . You can get away with something low but forget those secound story jobs . Good intentions , poor design .
 WEAD EATER ONLY !! OR ANYTHING MADE BY WEAD EATER OR POULAN / ETC ETC ETC. . DONT WASTE YOUR TIME GET THE ECHO KIT IT WILL FIT JUST ABOUT EVERYTHING .
 I ordered this thing because it said it fits all blowers . DO NOT BELIEVE IT . If the opening coming directly out of the blower is not circular , then it will not fit . My Toro electric has an ovoid opening , and none of the attachments or adapters fit . Again , it will ONLY work on a circular exit blower.What 's worse , the seller has a 15 % restock fee . This is a big loser for us . It cost us about $ 20 just to find out it wo n't work .
 We received this stylish table as a thoughtful gift -LRB- in case my in-laws read this ! -RRB- , but are returning it . The 3-legged design and lightweight material caused it to tip over when our -LRB- skinny -RRB- toddler leaned on it , smashing his finger and causing bleeding that will probably lead to losing that nail . Nails regrow , kids learn and I try not to be too neurotic a mom , but I realized I could tip it , too , using only my -LRB- also skinny -RRB- thumb . The ice bucket is a great party idea , but weighting the bucket between uses with rocks or planter might corrode the shiny metal bucket and tipping over when breakable glasses are on top would also be undesirable so we have decided to return it . Only catch now is how to explain to my in-laws when they visit and do n't see their table poolside ...
 For the money , it is okay , but if you are expecting copper plated , you will be disappointed . The feeder part is a generous sized glass globe which I was surprised it was not some form of polycarbonate . I reside in a hurricane prone area with a few Northeasters here and there and lots of raccoons , so I doubt it will last long in my yard . I think the birds and squirrels will enjoy it until then .
 Strathwood granite finish tall bird bath ... yes , it sounds really good , but it 's NOT ! I am so disappointed with this bath . I gave this bath 2 stars just because I like the look of it , but that 's all . I thought it was really pretty . I loved the height . I loved the depth . I was very impressed and happy with my purchase . Now , I just think it sucks and I 'm trying to figure out how to make it better but I do n't know of anything to make it better except maybe paint ... which I do n't want to have to do . The bowl looks horrible . The finish is peeling up off of it and it is always nasty due I think to the condition of the peeling surface . I would very much like my money back so I could purchase a useable bird bath . The birds wo n't even bathe in it much less drink from it . I have added rocks worried that it may be too deep . They still do n't touch it . Very disappointed I am !!
 We have had this product for about 1/2 a year and it is all rusty and deteriorated in the bowl of the bath .
 For some reason the birds wo n't use this bath . Perhaps it 's the depth .
 I was surprised after using this chainsaw . It started smoking after using it for 10 minutes to cut 3 inch branches . The motor caught fire . I will fix the switch on my 35yr old Craftsman . Seller did return my money and paid for shipping . It could have been just one bad one in the bunch .
 Do n't know if I will buy anymore with large HP ratings ... you have to have large wire extention cords ... like 10/3 ... or they burn up ... this one did not burn up ... . but is not up to full power .
 I has been almost 5 months since the I sent this chain saw for repair and heard nothing back from McCulloch!This is my first time ever to write a product review . The reason I wrote this is the product and service is way beyond my expectation -LRB- in the wrong way ! -RRB- . The chain saw stopped working right after about 5 minutes of usage -LRB- poor product -RRB- . Unfortunately , this product can not be returned to Amazon and manufacture asked me to bring the chain saw to their local service shop . After their diagnosis , the local service shop asked a replacement for me meanwhile the broken one was sent back to McCulloch . Since then , I did n't hear any progress from them , I called service shop many times but the answers was always not sure . Sometimes I was been told that the manufacture has lost the track of this service or the other times they said they -LRB- new people in the company -RRB- were tracking it . It has been on and on for over 4 months -LRB- 10 days from 5 months -RRB- . It is such a poor service and I am not sure how long it will take me to eventually get my chain saw back!I regret that I did n't do enough study before I placed order on this chain saw from McCulloch .
 I find this product to be a complete waste of MY MONEY AND YOURSthe saw has NO POWERits chain oil ablity is wrose than terriblebrings the word SUCK to mind
 Do n't waste your time or money ! It is a piece of crap . It locked up after just a few hours of use .
 died after two hours , , this co is not around anymore / / amazon refuned my money no problem . . but you never know you might get a good one , , amazon told me to get rid of it , , i took took the chain and bar and used it on an old 14 i had , , fit perfect . . so if you want to take a gamble go ahead , , but remember its a throughaway ...
 This saw DOES NOT WORK ! After the first one arrived and did not work you sent us a replacement which DOES NOT WORK either . Both saws smoked and gave off an electrical smell the first time we turned them on . I could n't tell you about the chain since we were n't able to cut anything . If I had known I would not be able to return this saw -LRB- something about it being hazardous material -RRB- I never would have bought it on line . We have had McCulloch products for years but apparently since the company has outsourced their production the products produced are crap ! -LRB- Least offensive word I could think of to print online -RRB- . We looked online for one since we were n't able to find one in a retailer in our area . If anyone one is looking to purchase a chain saw go to Loews or Home Depot which is what we did and we are very happy with our Homelite Electric Chain Saw .
 I purchased this saw on Amazon.com and used it for a total of less than one hour . It cut excellent while working . In the middle of a cut it just stopped working . I took it to their authorized repair station and he found that the motor had burned out . The repair station contacted the manufacturer and they said they would reimburse the purchase price . He submitted all the requested paperwork and was told the check would be sent to me within 4 to 5 weeks . It has been over 2 months and no check . I would not recommend the purchase of this saw .
 I bought a Mcculloch electric chain saw years ago from The Home Depot and the motor seized against the housing . It is Junk and I had only used it twice and set it in my shed for a couple of years ; no warranty .
 Inital unit purchased 6/04 , now on third warranty replacement unit . First two had solar/battery issues culminating in battery failing to hold a charge after two weeks of operation . The most recent replacement will not operate unless the propane tank is completely full and thus shuts down after 12-15 hours operation . The company has been decent about warranty replacements but my patience with this expensive , tempermental device is wearing thin . I can not recommend this problem plagued Pro model .
 Commercial PRO worked for 2 short Manitoba seasons -LRB- paid two thousand -RRB- - it quit after three days this year . Customer support consists of a sales pitch to `` trade up '' to a new and improved magnet or a reconditioned for just under five hundred -LRB- usd -RRB- and my responsibility to ship the defective one back to them ... to `` recondition '' , I suppose , and sell to their next victim ... STAY AWAY - buy a fogger or invest in screened in a screened in room . Very disappointing .
 I wish I could write a glowing review for any of the Mosquito Magnets , but unless you are dedicated to spending a lot of time working on these machines , you might as well hire the neighbor kid to hang around and swat mosquitoes for you . The original company , American Biophysics has disappeared off the map , taking the warranty service with them . The new company , Woodstream Corp just looks at you like a cow at a passing train when you call customer service . Maybe someday , some reputable company will take this idea and turn it into a viable product for consumers . Great concept , incredibly poor execution .
 Well , I 've had a long history with these guys since they first came out . When the traps work , and are placed in the right spot in your yard -LRB- very important -RRB- , they are fantastic . However , as other reviewers have mentioned , they are tempermental machines and often do n't work - you have to treat them right , clear the valves often , and make sure you have CLEAN propane in a tank that has had the air bled out of it . Air or moisture will cause the low flame creating the heat to stop and stops the trap . I learned all of this the hard way after a lot of effort and trial and error , several returned machines , etc. . The older models had more problems , my 2005 model is better and still works -LRB- we 'll see about the 2007 season -RRB- . I will add that their customer service and overall customer experience totally stinks , the worst of any product I have ever purchased . This company does not execute well - sometimes you ca n't find replacement parts , ca n't get through on the 800 # , the online form crashes -LRB- just tried to send them a note and got ` server not found ' erros -RRB- . Their online store has been down all spring every time I try it says ` under maintenance ' over the past few week - how does that happen in 2007 ? Hire a freaking IT person !!! Home Depot told me today -LRB- 5/6/07 -RRB- that the supplies are ` backordered ' and have not arrived when they were supposed to this year - hey , they have all winter to get these supplies together and shipped out to their distributors for the spring - are they just totally incompetent?They must have some real management issues . So , buyer beware , and there is obviously an opportunity for another company to come in and take over this market . Please , someone make a better machine ! Hey American Bioscience , maybe you should license the technology/science to someone who knows how to make stuff and run a real business !
 I bought the Commercial Pro unit in something like 2001 . having paid around 1300.00 at the time , I was surprised at the cheap , flimsy construction . The unit worked with difficulty and seemed to trap some mosquitos -LRB- when operating -RRB- but without making a real difference in outdoor comfort . I might add that we live on the Roaring Fork River in Colorado and several of our neighbors operate these devices . Thus , we hoped to create a barrier of sorts.I had n't operated the unit last year - just too much trouble but tried to resurrect it yesterday . No way would it start . Checked the extensive website but it has virtually no troubleshooting advice for older models which do n't have the same controls . Also , the download page for the manual would n't work after repeated efforts . Called technical support with little result other than the impression that models before 2003 were from another planet.My conclusion is that the newer models have had some manufacturing bandaids slapped on them to try to repair faulty design and , from current testimonials , these do n't work very well either . The concept may be okay as far as CO-2 or whatever , but these expensive , flimsy devices remain a ripoff . CAVEAT EMPTOR !
 The concept is ingenious , but the product is defective . I bought seven pro models to protect my horses 10 acres . They worked fine for about a year , after that the ignitions stopped working . After receiving a `` new improved model '' , it worked about a year , then the electric ignitor rusted out . By then , the company was no longer in existence , so I 'm out about $ 8000 . But the icing on the cake was when the manufacturer rep told me that the electric ingition rusts out in humid climates . HELLO !!!!! THAT 'S WHERE MOSQUITOS LIVE ... IN HUMID CLIMATES !!!
 OVER ENGINEERED . I own SIX -LRB- yes , that 's VI , S.I.X. , 6 units -RRB- of 'em . I live in skeeter-central , AKA , the Central Exumas , in the Bahamas . As everyone else here has said , they worked OK at first , but then , PHHHTHTHTHTH . First , they CAME with leaky tank nozzles . Swapped THOSE out . Then , it was the constant , `` no propane , '' or `` no battery '' error indicators . Once I could FINALLY get one running -LRB- and by `` running , '' I do n't mean `` started for a day , '' I mean , running , and CONTINUING to run -RRB- , it would catch a ffffew skeeters , but nothing dramatic . Of the SIX I own , I 've never had more than four of 'em running at any one time . Usually two or three.Perhaps it is indicative of the litigious society in which we now live . Great concept , ` cept c'mon , man , how are we s ` posed to allow you CONSUMERS to own a device that basically burns propane whilst unattended ?? Harumph!Save yer $ $ . Fergetabout these .
 I purchased the unit and it worked great the first year . The unit is now a expensive paper weight . It will not run . I have called customer service nine times but with no satisfaction . This unit clearly has a design flaw with the propane system . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 `` The item arrived in a carton that had been opened and repackaged . Someone had obviously opened the carton and stolen all the accessories , including Owner 's Manual . When I tried to return the item , I was told it was not eligible for return . When I wrote to the manufacturer I was told that they were having technical difficulties . I have been ripped off more than $ 1000 , with no recourse left to get my money back . ''
 I bought it four years ago , when they first came out . Right out of the box , it failed continually , and they finally sent me a new battery ... after half the summer passed . That worked , but then after a few hours it would start beeping . Customer service -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- told me to buy the compressed air cartridges to blow out the lines . Of course living in the woods -LRB- i.e. lots of mosquitoes -RRB- , another few days passed before I could buy the cartridges . I blew out the lines . It worked fine for about a month . During that time it did a fantastic job of catching mosquitoes . The bag that stores caught mosquitoes was bulging with them . Came time to get more propane and I had to go through the same thing with the cartridges plus screw-in a poorly-designed device that 's supposed to clean the propane connection.Conclusion
 I sense a strong consensus amongts us `` long timers '' surmised ... Cus ` American Bio has '' # ! & % '' all of us ` Shoot ! I 'd go without , but # ** #when its `` on `` what mortal ca n't help but `` shell out `` American Bio-yearly-physics Co. is , unfortunately , indicative of corporate manufacturing 's failure to `` be responsible '' . ethics are not `` in vogue '' ' a good bottom line is owners good time ! ' A Sing along -LRB- tune of `` This Old Man '' -RRB- We wo n't shareWe do n't careWe 'll play # * # ! * youCause we do n't share or carea good bottom line is owners good timea good bottom line is owners good time -LRB- wiley Nelson c. 1905 -RRB-
 Purchased a MM Pro in the summer of 2000 . Worked great for two years , then in July of 2002 , it would n`t stay on . Called customer service a few times , did everything they told me to , but eventually they sent me a new power unit under warranty . That lasted a little more than one year ; in 2003 , we started having problems with it again . Called customer service today -LRB- July 5 , 2004 -- no wait for service rep -RRB- . Did what they asked . Appears that the muffin fan is dead . Asked about replacing it -- they do n`t have any parts information . Not under warranty , must replace head for $ 350 or `` upgrade '' to Pro 2004 for $ 600 . I asked them about reliability -- they said the new Pro is more reliable ; do n`t know if I want to spend $ 600 to find out.I also bought a Defender last year from Home Depot . Still working this year . I use a bicycle pump instead of a CO2 cartridge on the quick-clear valve . Works every time.Well , it 's 2005 now , and the Defender wo n't run for more than 6 hours or so . Forget these things . Get a fogger.Overall I give the concept 5 stars -- when they 're running , these guys suck up lots of mosquitoes . But I give the implementation one star -- when they go on the fritz , which at least the Pro units seem to do in one or two years , they 're an expensive lawn ornament .
 This worked great for us for 2 years , but now it has a problem . Everyone I know with one of these has problems with their ignition needing to be replaced , and parts have n't been sent quickly . Meanwhile -- the mosquitos continue to breed . Customer service always seems to have a 10 + minute wait time - very frustrating . Of course it is hard to troubleshoot over the phone , but when I have looked at others ' comments , everyone has had similiar product failures . If this happens while under warranty -- I suggest that you return the unit and get out while you can .
 I have three Mosquitio Magnets that I bought last year . They worked great for a few months then only give `` fault '' indications thereafter and wo n't work . This is a defectively designed or manufactured product . I have never submitted Amazon reviews before this product . I feel so cheated that I want to warn others about it . Three bad devices for me , and many other reviews reporting the same problems , means that you purchase this product with great risk.Thankyou .
 Yes , this product is GREAT when it works . We used it successfully for two years , here in mosquito-plagued Vermont . But like some of the other reviewers , our fan did not work this year , and we have received no help from American Biophysics , except that we could spend $ 600 for a newer version of this product ... ! With many competitive products out there , at less than half that price , there is no way we will buy from American Biophysics again . -LRB- Any we also have tried to be in touch with the people who run this company , through personal contacts . Well , they did n't even acknowledge our emails and letters -RRB-
 Bought one of the Pro units 5/02 amid great hype and expectation . This unit 's fan ceased functioning after only 2 months . A helpful support person diagnosed the problem , and was able to send out a replacement powerpack . So I had to take the old one apart , and reassemble with the new power unit . Everything seemed to finally work.Well , come the 2003 season and I was hopeful of a better summer . The new unit from the previous year added an intake line that needed to be cleared with every propane tank replacement . I found that once the unit was `` cleared '' , it was extremely difficult to restart . On the third tank of the season , the unit would not start ; it was kaput.I tried to get it working this spring only to discover that it would still not start . Tech support told me that since the unit was already more than a year old , the warranty was void , and there was nothing he could do , except sell me a brand new unit at full retail price . What a guy!I Fed-Ex 'd a letter to the president of American Biophysics expressing my displeasure with their product . He has not taken the time to respond.These units are not manufactured to last . What 's more , their executive management apparantly does n't believe in responding to their customers.Buy at your own risk !
 The good news is when it works , it works well . The bad news is it is a buggy design , no pun intended , and customer service is slow and ineffective . I own 2 older Defender units that work year after year , plus the new Pro . The Pro is an expensive item and it has n't worked properly from the beginning . The problem I 've been having is that the unit keeps trying to go through the start cycle and then eventually gives up with the `` flame icon '' error . I spent many wasted weeks dealing with customer service with all of the typical Mosquito Magnet troubleshooting tips -LRB- i.e. CO2 flush , turn the gas on slowly , use the reset tool , try these new side panels , blah , blah , blah -RRB- . The unit would work on and off and finally , after almost 2 years of frustration , I was able to get the company to agree to exchange the unit . I was instructed to `` remove the net and the battery '' and to `` ship only the upper unit '' , which I did . 2 weeks later , I receive the replacement , but it is missing the entire hinged lid and solar panel . Oddly enough , they included a new net and battery , the two items I was told NOT to send with the RMA . So even though they originally sold me a defective unit , and even though they messed up on the RMA , they could have saved a customer by taking responsiblity and making it right . They did not . I spent a significant portion of today arguing with them . They 're telling me that the lids are on backorder and that I will have to wait another 2 to 4 weeks . When I suggested that they send my RMA 'd lid -LRB- because that portion of the unit was fine -RRB- , they refused to bother with it . When I asked for a new unit , no dice . When I asked for my money back , also no dice.I believe that American Biophysics has a patent on the propane gas conversion process for this application and even though I have invested over $ 3,000 with their company , I 'd recommend looking into an alternative brand that uses compressed CO2 , attractant , and light .
 The first year our Mosquito Magnet worked without problems and reduced our mosquito population . The second year we have not had it run more than three days without it shutting down and the `` fault '' signal blinking . We have spent plenty of money on the cartidges to clear the system without success . I think we have been taken for a ride ... bandits !
 As of April 20 , 2007 , American Biophysics is out of business . A new company purchased the rights to sell and support the Defender , Liberty , and Liberty Plus Cordless.As for the Pro and Pro Plus models , you can throw yours away if it has a problem . They are not honoring the 2-year warranty , and they are not manufacturing replacement parts . Mine arrived with a dead battery . I 'm able to purchase a replacement for it , but the next time it breaks , it 's done for.Read the other reviews to get a good idea for how long it will run without support .
 Not all that effective . The 3 parallel scrubbers are handy , but they bend pretty easily .
 All of the above reviews are correct . They are nice looking and moderately functional . I may pour some concrete to overcome some of the functional problems it has . The stake needs to go deeper into the ground to keep it from coming out . At $ 10.99 however , it was a great bargain , and a 4 star rating . At it 's current winter sale price of $ 16.99 however , it is a 1 star rating . I 'll average them weighting it 's current price and give it 2 stars .
 The Mosquito Magnet Pro is the biggest waste of money i have ever encountered . I spent over $ 1300 and it worked -LRB- actually pretty well -RRB- one summer . I contacted American Biophysics and they could offer little support on the phone , and basically told me i would need to take it apart , send it to them , and for $ 450 i would get it fixed . -LRB- or they would be glad to sell me a lower-end model for the same $ 450 -RRB- . This is one of those things where I have `` chosen '' my battle , and it will go out in the trash , or become a really ugly plant holder . -LRB- probably trash so i dont have to see it again -RRB- STAY AWAY
 We bought the Mosquito Magnet Pro Plus because we live next to a swamp , and I wanted the latest , greatest device to deal with our West Nile virus bearing ` skeeters here in the Colorado Front Range . The unit arrived , and seemed solid and well designed . The only problem was that the thing would NOT stay running . If you check the manual and the troubleshooting info at the American Biophysics website , you find that aside from the possibility of contaminated propane , there is not much help for this problem . Nonetheless , we tried 4 different propane tanks , using the presurized cylinders to clear the unit , the reset gizmo to clear the tank and regulator . All of it was to no avail . So finally , I contacted AmBioPhys , and they immediately agreed to send a replacement , and have UPS pick up the first one . The second one arrived , and after running for 12 hours , it began to do the same thing ... would not keep running . So , I called them again.This time , I got a more competent tech support person , and we discussed the possibility of the altitude in Colorado being an issue . This seemed feasible since there are things like heat sensors that will shut off the unit if they are not hot enough , and , at elevations , the propane does not burn as hot . Well , ABP is not sure whether it 's an issue , but they proposed sending me 2 Liberty Plus units in replacement for the Pro Plus , since it 's calibration is somewhat different than the Pro Plus . They sent one immediately , and it is working fine . The second is on the way.Note that the Pro Plus DOES catch mosquitoes , but , they escape when it turns off , so it 's pretty much useless , at least for me . During all this , I asked ABP whether they are having a lot of problems with the Pro Plus , and they said that they are not , but you have to wonder , given that I got two units that would not work.Anyway , their support was acceptable , but I 've lost nearly two months of killing the little buggers while this got sorted out .
 It would appear that American Biophysics needed to do a better engineering job . My unit started and ran smoothly through the first propane tank . When it came time to replace the tank , however , I was unable to get the unit to keep running after it started . This became a time-consuming endeavor , trying different propane tanks , repeatedly trying to reset the tanks , using the CO2 cartidges , etc. . The people at the propane company , who purged my -LRB- second -RRB- new tank , seemed to have heard a lot of stories similar to mine . The company did agree to replace my unit with a new one .
 I bought two of these machines . Had I known of the difficulty in getting one of them to work I would n't have bought them . Also , their tech support is that in name only . You call and you 're lucky to ever hear a live person on the other end of the phone . I have yet to hear or talk to one . If you leave emails they are responded to automatically . I have replaced and recharged batteries , perged tanks , switched tanks , quick cleaned the thing , covered the little vents on the sides so that the wind wo n't blow out the flame , and all for nothing.It wo n't ignite the gas to make the flame to attract the mosquitos.One machine took a little effort to get going and is working fine . The other one is the Mosquito Magnet from hell.If they only had good tech support like Gateway or Intuit that would make it all OK , but as far as I am concerned this thing might as well be made in China , and the tech support would come in Chinese . For this very reason I would n't buy another Mosquito Magnet . One would think that for almost $ 1,400.00 you would get more than a recording . And to think that I bought two of the things .
 Wow , until I read these other reviews , I had no idea how poorly engineered these are , not just MINE . I 've owned both generations of PROs and have purchased three PROs at $ 1400 a pop . New generation is better than the old one in that its one button , its worse in that you have to tear these things apart to figure out why they are n't running every year when you try to fire them up . When they run , they 're great . From year to year , they stop working.I had a very revealing conversation with the customer support manager last year when I said , but this is the new replacement unit for last year 's failed unit , so why is n't it under a new warranty and she replied , if we did that , we 'd have to send everyone a new unit every year ! She had no idea what she had just admitted to .
 Purchased a MM Pro in the summer of 2000 . Worked great for two years , then in July of 2002 , it would n`t stay on . Called customer service a few times , did everything they told me to , but eventually they sent me a new power unit under warranty . That lasted a little more than one year ; in 2003 , we started having problems with it again . Called customer service today -LRB- July 5 , 2004 -- no wait for service rep -RRB- . Did what they asked . Appears that the muffin fan is dead . Asked about replacing it -- they do n`t have any parts information . Not under warranty , must replace head for $ 350 -LRB- and get 6 months warranty on it -RRB- or `` upgrade '' to Pro 2004 for $ 600 -LRB- and get 2 years -RRB- . I asked them about reliability -- they said the new Pro is more reliable ; do n`t know if I want to spend $ 600 to find out.While it runs , it does catch a lot of mosquitoes , but when it breaks , it 's an expensive lawn ornament . These guys need to admit they have/had problems with their units and replace the defective ones .
 I have three Mosquitio Magnets that I bought last year . They worked great for a few months then only give `` fault '' indications thereafter and wo n't work . This is a defectively designed or manufactured product . I have never submitted Amazon reviews before this product . I feel so cheated that I want to warn others about it . Three bad devices for me , and many other reviews reporting the same problems , means that you purchase this product with great risk.Thankyou .
 I purchased my first Mosquito Magnet , the Freedom Model in the spring of 2002 . It worked great ! For 18 months . Conviently 6 months after the warranty expired it just would n't start.Eventually American Biophysics -LRB- the mfg -RRB- told me that since they no longer made that model -LRB- what ? it was just released as a new model 18 months earlier -RRB- that I could either pay $ 350 for a custom repair or pay $ 350 and get a brand new PRO model head unit -LRB- the main part -RRB- . After the customer service guy convinced me of how much better the PRO model was and how it would last `` much longer '' than 18 months I decided to go for the upgrade.Well here I am , 20 months after I received the new PRO unit and again the unit is dead . I write to customer support and what do I get for a response ? `` Unfortunately due to American Biophysics advancement in technology and with our Mosquito Magnets we no longer are manufacturing the Commercial Pro model . Which means we do not have the parts available for replacement or repair . '' . Here we go again ! I have 2 options . Pay $ 425 + shipping fees to get the unit `` that will last much longer than the 18 months the Freedom model lasted '' repaired -LRB- I guess 20 months is a 10 % improvement -RRB- - OR - pay to get a brand new `` liberty plus '' for just $ 425 ! Fool me once , same on you . Fool me twice , shame on me!Save your money and buy an `` alternate brand '' , or better yet - buy more bug spray . $ 1000 is a lot of cans of Off !
 Wow , pretty much the same sad story . Worked great a season , then just constant trouble . Have done all the maintenance , bought all the CO2 cartridges , spent hundreds of dollars of propane and lures , used all the gadgets to reset the unit , went thru two power packs and two regulators . This does n't even begin to cover the time on hold with technical support and starting it over and over holding the silly button in for five minutes each time . I finally emailed support for my last ditch effort to fire it up this spring and they said that the only thing they could do for me is to `` trade '' it in on another model if I sent them another $ 425 and paid to ship it back to them . Wo n't be going there ...
 I purchased a mosquito magnet pro commercial in 2004 , it worked well for just one year , this year we have low catch only 10 or 20 a week , did everything they told me to , change parts and propane tank , it does not work at all . it is a very expensive garden ornament .
 I bought this product when I moved to Miami from Atlanta . My parents had one in Atlanta and it worked somewhat well , but in Miami I have been unable to control the Mosquito 's . Another problem with the machine is every three to four weeks you have to replace the bait and the propane . It would be nice if they could design the system to only need propane and bait every quarter . I have never had any problems with the operation of the machine .
 Box was very easy to assemble . Only had 5 pieces and was missing the bottom piece . No quality control people get it together .
 The box itself is Ok , if you can put it together . We can not get the side panels to stay together . So as yet -LRB- 2 weeks -RRB- we still do not haveit set-up . Very frustrating .
 After receiving the Suncast DB8000BW Pool Deck Box , I attempted to assemble it according to the instructions . The instructions indicated it was simple to assemble and all pieces snapped easily together . They do NOT !! The plastic materials are also extremely flimsy . If you start to assemble the box and some parts snap together but you can not continue assembling because they do not all properly line up , it is IMPOSSIBLE to disassemble the box without damaging it . In fact , I contacted Suncast , the manufacturer , and was told by a customer service representative , Rachel , that it is impossible to take the box apart without damaging it because it is n't meant to come apart . When asked how I could return the poorly-made and defective box if I could n't disassemble it , she told me to use dish soap and a flat head screwdriver and to tug as hard as I could to get it apart . I noted to her that she must have had other complaints similar to mine to know how to instruct me and she said that this happens only if the box is put together wrong . This is not true . The parts on mine did NOT fit properly and did NOT snap `` easily '' together ! It took nearly an hour to pry the box apart so I could box the parts for a return and full refund . Do NOT waste your time or money on this product . Note that even if you purchase this with no shipping costs , CSN Stores will charge you return shipping costs . You lose money by purchasing this product . Simply do n't and you 'll save yourself a lot of time , money and aggravation .
 I purchased one of the magnets with the chance of getting my moneys worth . The system was bought in April . The good thing about the system is that it does actually capture the insects , but the bad thing is that it brought more mosquitoes into my yard than it was able to capture . I gave it 1 star because it did collect some of the insects . I would have never bought it if I had known that it was going to lure more insects into my yard than it could catch .
 I have to say the mosquito magnet liberty plus has lived up to all the bad hype I have read about on this thread . I would not recommend you invest your hard earned money in this product , you will surly be disappointed as I have been . I have experienced all of the `` quirky '' issues and have an expensive pile of junk and accesories -LRB- attractant , co2 cartridges , nets etc. -RRB- for my effort . Do not buy this technology from this company !!!
 - When I first received my Magnet , it was easy to unpack and set up . I charged that battery , installed the propane and fired it up ! WOW ! It works ! Mosquitos were flocking to it!First tank lasted a few weeks . Second propane tank installed . - What ? Ran for two days then stopped . OK , instructions say `` Reset '' the valve/system . Done . Ran 1 day . Reset again . Ran 2 days.Well , let me pull taht tank and put it on my grill to see if the tank is bad . Grill works fine . Tank must be fine . I 'll get a new tank anyway . - New tank installed . Reset system again just for good measure . Ran for 2 days . 2 more days . 1 day . Etc. - Called an acquiantance who has two of these units . He initially told me about them . Turns out , he 's been haggling with the manufacturer because one of his Liberty units is doing the exact same thing!I ca n't recommend or not recommend a Magnet , but I can say that when they work , there is nothing better ! Mosquito problems disappear . I guess we 're always trading one set of problems for another .
 We purchased the Pro Plus machine , at a cost of over $ 1000 , and as with the reviewer below discovered that not only is our machine in need of repair straight out of the box , but that the company has gone out of business , AND the Pro models are not being handled by the `` new '' Mosquito Magnet people , so ... we are totally on our own , with this THING that incessantly beeps either with telling us the battery is flat -LRB- it was brand new , and charged as per directions , but we replaced it anyway , and the new one is apparently flat too ! -RRB- or that the gas tank is empty -LRB- which is odd since we attached a newly filled one , just to be sure -RRB- . This whole thing is such a nightmare . We just wanted to enjoy our yard without being eaten ... In a fit of sheer desperation , I have contacted a company from the `` Authorised Repairer '' page of the MM website . Hopefully they can fix it and finally , in August , it may be able to actually work .
 We got our mosquito magnet last July . It worked great . We obtained the Liberty Plus because we did not want to have to have a power cord across our yard . It worked well last summer and we put it away for the Fall and Winter . This Spring we took it out and went to charge it up . After charging we tried to turn it on and it read low battery . We charged it for 48 hours and then put it outside and it worked for three days and then read low battery again . It is now a unattractive lawn ornament in our backyard . I called American Biophysics today and Surprise ! They are out of business . Some other company is answering their phones and the woman we talked to was somewhat of a wise guy and I assume she is all burnt out from the million of dissatisfied customers who bought this hunk of junk . She told me I had to find my proof of purchase , fax it to the number and then I would be contacted by the company and I would have to pay to have it shipped and then when they fixed it , they would pay to have it shipped back . I am sure just in time for the mosquito season to be over if ever . We can not be bothered to waste our time . We blew 700 bucks for a unit that we used for two months . We will try and see if we can replace the battery . Our other option is to string a cord across the yard and plug the thing in and see if we can get another season out of it . Do n't waste your money . I told the technician at the other company I was not surprised they went out of business . She certainly did not argue the point .
 After doing my research , I decided to give Coleman 's Mosquito Deleto 2500 a try . I first considered the Mosquito Magnet Liberty Plus . But , after reading numerous reviews detailing all of the quality control issues and/or quirky problems people have getting that unit to start and stay lit , I decided that the street price for the Liberty Plus was just too high for a product that did n't seem very reliable or serviceable by the consumer . I also work with 4 people who own either the Liberty or the Liberty Plus and it turns out that 3 of the 4 people have gone through one or more of the well documented non-recoverable problems with these units . I also found a CBS News link that did an excellent test on both the Coleman 2500 , the Liberty Plus , and third mosquito trap called the Skeeter Vac - and based on reading that article , I decided to get the Coleman unit.The Coleman Mosquito Deleto 2500 unit I bought appears to be a re-engineered version of the Mosquito Magnet Liberty Plus , at half the cost , about $ 330 . -LRB- Do not confuse the Coleman 2500 with the earlier Coleman mosquito trap which uses sticky paper to trap the bugs . Many reviews of that Coleman sticky trap unit show that it does n't catch many bugs . - so I decided to stay away from that one also . -RRB- After installing the unit in my back yard , I can tell you that it catches lots of mosquitoes and tiny no-see-ums , and it makes a big difference in getting bitten in my yard . I live adjacent to my town forest , so I placed the unit at the edge of the woods , thinking the bugs will get attracted to the unit before flying around my back yard and biting me and my family . I had a camp fire out back a couple of nights ago , and I was actually able to sit there in shorts without taking a DEET bath ! The unit started up easily and I like the fact that Coleman used a simple battery pack which consists of 3-AA NiCad batteries which can be purchased cheaply virtually anywhere when they finally run out of juice . -LRB- Try replacing a dead `` power module '' on the Liberty Plus - HA !!! Good luck and empty your wallet ! -RRB- I do have to say that ALL of these propane driven mosquito traps have an inherent problem which potential buyers should be aware of . They use propane at an extremely SLOW rate . A 20 lb . bottle of gas is suppose to last about thee weeks - while running continuously . Because of this , the fuel nozzle opening is VERY tiny and is virtually guaranteed to eventually get clogged - do n't be fooled , I believe that the majority of these type of mosquito traps will fail to work because of partial or total clogging of the fuel nozzle ! In fact , my Deleto 2500 got clogged and stopped working after a while . What I like once again is Coleman 's simple and practical solution to this problem . First of all - the gas nozzle is a $ 3 part and they give you an extra one . Secondly , it is easily removable by the use of a hand tool that is mounted on the trap so you do n't loose the tool . Since you can remove the nozzle , unclogging it is accomplished by simply removing the tip from the nozzle - and cleaning it with a solvent like carburetor cleaner and blowing it out with compressed air . The solvent does an excellent job of clearing out a totally clogged tip and you do n't have to shell out $ $ $ for CO2 cartridges every month to clear out the fuel system like the Liberty . Plus , CO2 alone does n't clean out the tiny tip as effectively as a solvent - never can , never will !!! You will never be able to clean out the Liberty fuel tip with solvent because , guess what ... it is NOT serviceable by the owner . What where they thinking when they designed this !!! Personally , I think this is why there are so many problems with the Liberty units during the second season of use . Coleman 's approach to this problem is simple , practical , and cheep ! I hope I continue to feel this way next year ... only time will tell . Because of this , I think the Coleman Mosquito Deleto 2500 is the way to go , but do n't forget , you will have to occasionally clean the tip out to keep it running -LRB- or replace it for $ 3 if you do n't want to deal with cleaning it -RRB- .
 I bought the Mosquito Magnet Professional model -LRB- $ 1200 + + -RRB- . It worked great for one season but would not start the next season ; American Biophysics sent me a replacement power head . -LRB- It was actually cool , they sent the new head and arranged for a UPS pickup of the defective one , I packed up the defective one and sent it back in same packing material -- THEY NOW NO LONGER DO THIS , YOU MUST PAY TO SEND THEM YOUR OLD UNIT AND THEY WILL REFURBISH AND SEND IT BACK , MAYBE -RRB- . The replacement unit they sent me worked fine for the first 3-4 months but then started to slowly deteriorate . I stopped it at the end of the season , but it would not start this year . The unit came with several tools to help keep the unit running -- I should have been smart enough to realize that if a product needs its own set of tools to continue to operate that it must not be very reliable . I called them and they say the warranty only applied to the initial unit and even though the replacement was less than a year old , it had no warranty . They wanted to sell me a new unit ; I told them I would never buy another of their products and you should n't either . This is a perfect example of a good idea that they just can not make work in the real worls but are willing to pass the failure risk to their customers for what is likely not a modest profit.Because the first unit worked so well during the first 3-4 months , I recommended that several of my friends buy one of the units and at least three of them did . At least 2 of the 3 units have failed more than once and I just have n't seen the third friend in a while . So these products fail almost without exception and the company feels no remorse and offers poor warranty coverage .
 I originally bought the Mosquito Magnet Freedom model which caught only a few bugs and refused to start after two seasons . For over $ 400 -LRB- out of warranty -RRB- , the company traded it for a Liberty Plus . This model has caught a moderate number of bugs , but I have only had it one season . I also own a Mosquito Magnet Pro which initially caught a large number of Mosquitos , but refused to start the next season . That unit was returned under warranty . The replacement unit worked for the rest of last summer and part of this summer before losing suction -LRB- the unit starts , but the fan barely spins -RRB- . Fortunately , I had a one year extension on the warranty as part of a special promotion when I originally bought the unit , so my Mosquito Magnet Pro has been returned yet again.Here are the pros for Mosquito magnets
 Seems to be an ongoing issue with the products from American Biophysics . I bought my $ 1200.00 Mosquito Magnet Commercial Pro model about two years ago . I bought the commercial model thinking that it would be a bit more durable than the less expensive models . It worked fairly well for the 1st year . The second season I noticed more mosquitoes biting the kids and fewer in the trap . I made sure everything was clean and in working order and kept feeding it propane . At the end of the season my igniter -LRB- the little push button starter that looks like the ones found on your typical propane grill -RRB- failed so I put it in storage and figured I 'd call the company and order a new igniter button -LRB- they cost about $ 10.00 at your local hardware store -RRB- . American Biophysics just informed me that they wo n't sell me the $ 10 igniter . I must buy a reconditioned powerpac for $ 375.00 instead . Obviously , the product only works for one year before needing to be replaced .
 This is my third update 6/24/2005 . I 'll leave my first 2 reviews below my now scathing review.Regardless of what the stars say this really is no stars . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . I had a problem last August after my second review and the replaced the it . I started it in the beginning of this season and it worked . Could not restart it . They will replace the unit for me for only $ 195 . Since I have already had a unit replaced which lasted about 12 weeks . This second unit worked 3 times for 9 weeks . You can estimate that it on average will last 10 weeks . When it is running it catches mosquitos but the instructions say that it needs to run 6 weeks for the effect to be noticable . The problem is that the unit starts to have problems in 6 weeks and is useless by 12 . This is the most expensive piece of garbage I have ever bought.My original review is below . I 've had it for eight weeks now . It catches a substantial number of mosquito 's and makes a real difference in how many I have in my yard . That said , I am rating it 3 stars based on my experiences below : Bites
 I purchased a Liberty Plus approximately three weeks ago . It too suffers from the quality problems noted by other reviewers . In this case , the battery does not hold its charge , so it only works a maximum of three days before the battery needs to be recharged for 24 hours . Although the company has agreed to send another battery , I am not scheduled to receive it for 10 business days . Although the concept behind this product is great , it does not deliver . I do not recommend purchasing this product .
 There 's a pattern to these reviews . Can you spot it?I purchased my Mosquito Magnet from Amazon in 2004 . It worked well for one season . In 2005 , I had some troubles getting it started , but after spending time on the phone with their American Biophysics support department we managed to get it running.Fast forward to 2006 . The $ 2 piezo electric ignitor has died . I called the support department again . `` Unfortunately '' , that part ca n't be replaced , and the whole unit needs to be scrapped . `` Fortunately '' , they have a trade in program . For a mere $ 450 + dollars , I can trade in my dead $ 600 unit fr a new unit.Does this look like a racket ? It should , because it is.I do n't know if there are any competing products out there , but I 'm certainly going to go looking for them . Avoid this company 's garbage at all costs .
 I raced to get a MMPro the 1st year they were out and spent over $ 1,300 in 2002 . It worked well the 1st summer , 2d in for servicing alot of it , 3rd failed completely , just outside of warranty. , So in May , 2004 I SUCKERED for the offer to pay $ 600 + / - for the new improved MM Pro with a 2 year warranty . It worked the 1st -LSB- 2004 -RSB- season , and seemed fine -LSB- 2005 -RSB- season , but totally failed to start in April , 2006 . I called tech many times -LSB- waiting along time each time -RSB- and got all kinds of stories about what it could be . I told them if these were all so important they should email their customers or put it in the operation book . It seemed like excuses really.I sent it in early June ,2006 for warranty repair , and it will be `` 3-4 '' weeks to get back !!! Summer is only June-August here in MA!Customer Service told me they have no parts and when a machine gets returned they will use those parts on my machine !! It could be August by then . I have called and escalated the complaints . This is just WRONG , so I am filing with the RI Better Business Bureau , the Ri attorney General Consumer Affairs Office , and the Federal Trade Commission . Most states have consumer protection regs offering triple damages for ` unfair and deceptive ' trade practices , breach of warranty , and breach of warranty of merchantibility and fitness for use . I have spent way too much time and money to accept this loss , when all the other complaints show the compnay knows it sold us all a lemon.EVERYONE should do the same . Then the government will step in and investigate what they knew , when they knew it , and make them stop selling problem goods . You may also be able to make a ` small claims court ' complaint , since they sell in stores all over they have a local presence enough to do it . Do n't let them keep your money ! Then they will have succeeded .
 The only thing these machines catches is you . My MM has been runing for three weeks . It is placed optimally , and running perfect . Me and my family are are getting bit , but it does n't hurt as bad as the bite that MM gave me .
 I bought this model -LRB- MM3100 -RRB- directly from a hardware store . I am good at following instructions but I found them lacking . For example , the instructions for inserting the octenol in the instruction book were not correct ; the correct instructions were sealed inside the plastic packet . The gas regulator did not fit my existing quick-connect tanks , so I bought a new tank with the proper screw . Charged it for 24 hours , turned it on , but the flashing lights indicated low battery voltage . I went back to the store and got a replacement charging brick and charged for another 24 hours . The battery still read 2.7 v instead of the required 4.8 v. I spent more than 30 minutes on the customer support phone line waiting for a person and I finally gave up and returned the unit to the store , since either the battery or the charging circuit in the main unit were faulty . I suspect that the rechargable units have a poor service record/life . If you want cordless , get the newer `` Independence '' model that uses 4 `` C '' batteries !
 - When I first received my Magnet , it was easy to unpack and set up . I charged that battery , installed the propane and fired it up ! WOW ! It works ! Mosquitos were flocking to it!First tank lasted a few weeks . Second propane tank installed . - What ? Ran for two days then stopped . OK , instructions say `` Reset '' the valve/system . Done . Ran 1 day . Reset again . Ran 2 days.Well , let me pull taht tank and put it on my grill to see if the tank is bad . Grill works fine . Tank must be fine . I 'll get a new tank anyway . - New tank installed . Reset system again just for good measure . Ran for 2 days . 2 more days . 1 day . Etc. - Called an acquiantance who has two of these units . He initially told me about them . Turns out , he 's been haggling with the manufacturer because one of his Liberty units is doing the exact same thing!I ca n't recommend or not recommend a Magnet , but I can say that when they work , there is nothing better ! Mosquito problems disappear . I guess we 're always trading one set of problems for another .
 If you want to waste your money by all means buy a Mosquito Magnet Product ... they 're a PR departments dream ... but a consumers worst nightmare . I purchased a Pro unit in 2000 and it worked -LRB- ie it ran but did n't catch mosquitos even though I live near a salt marsh breeding ground -RRB- for about a year . They shipped a replacement after several threats and very poor customer relations . The replacement would n't start . Foolishly this year I suckered -LRB- apparently you CAN fool some of the people ALL of the time and I must be one -RRB- for the new model . The new Pro 1100 model did n't work out of the box -LRB- the battery would , not charge -RRB- . By now I knew and tried `` all the usual suspects '' in the trouble shooting guide but none worked . Batteries fail , ignighters do n't work , gas and `` attractant '' are consumed faster than specified , lines get clogged etc , etc. . And I am a person who builds kilns so I am familiar with the proceedures . In short the products are unreliable , flimsily made , do n't catch many mosquitos , have poor customer service , and have a worthless guarantee . The only guarantee from my experience is that they will fail and quickly and they are apparently unrepairable . But they must support a legion of PR pros .
 I bought two of these a year ago . Have had maybe six months of operation with them in all over this period . This product is complicated to operate , finicky and prone to malfunction , consumes a dollar a day in propane , and has had no noticible effect on bugs in my lowcountry South Carolina yard . So now I have two five hundred dollar white elephants.Could the whole Mosquito Magnet story simply be a hoax ?
 I might try this thing again this year . Then again , I might not . I had it running last summer and it caught all of two -- count 'em , TWO -- mosquitos all summer . I thought maybe it would n't catch enough to make a dent in the local population , but this is ridiculous . The thing was set up and running properly as near as I can tell and I am not inclined to lay out cash for a new tank of propane every 3 weeks on the hopes that it MIGHT catch a mosquito .
 Can I go lower than 1 star?I got my trap for father 's day and have spent more time emailing customer support than I have enjoying my yard.For the money , you 'd expect it to work right out of the box . At first the battery would n't take a charge . The merchant replaced the trap . The next trap did not catch much . The manufacturer replaced the trap . I 'm now on my third trap and still ca n't enjoy my yard.The battery , as I understand it , is designed for just 1 to 1.5 years . It looks as though it would be very expensive to replace.The documentation is poor and the web site only has an Adobe file of what came with the trap.It is a great idea , and the technology appears reasonable -LRB- I 'm NOT a biophysicist -RRB- but , mine simply does n't live up to it 's billing , nor its price .
 I 've had two Mosquito magnets , the Liberty and the Liberty Plus . Nether lasted more than 3 seasons , and based on what I read here , I was lucky . After spending major $ $ on new net , CO2 cartridges , odor pallets and a new battery -LRB- $ 70 + shipping -RRB- I 'm done . The customer service representative told me my only option is to send it in and have it replaced for a refurbished one -LRB- $ 280 + -RRB- . Mosquito Deleto and Skeeter Vac retail at about $ 300 , so I 'm checking those out next . I must say that both MMs caught tons of mosquitos when they worked . But they where expensive to operate and very unreliable . It 's a shame that they solved the hard part , the biology behind catching mosquitoes . Then they fail to engineer a propane gas device with some simple electronics . They 've fooled my twice , that 's enough .
 I am writing this review as a warning for anyone debating on buying a MM Liberty Plus.I have owned two in the past 5 or so years and both have literally gone up in smoke . The first one was working great for the first 3-4 years . Caught tons of mosquitos . Then when I tried to recharge the battery for the season I noticed it was n't charging . The light was n't on . I noticed an odor of burnt plastic and when I tried to unplug the battery from the unit I noticed the connector was melted as was the circuit board . Since it was out of warranty the company referred me to a company that sold refurbished ones . So I bought a second one at a slightly lower price . It worked well for only a year and then the circuit board burned up again . Two units with the exact same problem . I would say not coincidence but rather poor design and build quality . All the independent tests rated the Mosquito Magnet products on performance not longevity . So when you read all those independent tests where the Mosquito Magnet outperformed other similar devices , take this into consideration , buying a Mosquito Magnet with all it 's problems will wind up costing you in some cases up to 5-6 times more than the competitors . I learned my lesson the hard way . I 'll be trying the Coleman Mosquito Deleto .
 Like most of the reviewers here my Liberty Plus worked great the first season -- it did what it was billed to do -- it 's been all down hill from there . I am in my fourth season with this shoddy made device and besides the price of gas -LRB- $ 14 + per tank -RRB- , the cost of attractant -LRB- $ 20 retail for 2 packs -RRB- the cost of co2 cartridges -LRB- retail $ 12 for 2 -RRB- I have spent almost as much as this thing cost originally . * replacement battery pack $ 60 plus shipping * replacement ac battery charger $ 20 plus shipping * replacement solenoid switch from an authorized dealer -- a one month turn around $ 280 + . Add to that dealing with the not-so-service-oriented-service-people both on the phone and in person.This season -LRB- 2010 -RRB- I am back to the original problem -- it does n't hold it 's charge . It was stored indoors during the winter , it was charged 24 hrs before initial start-up , etc. . I AM DONE.Seriously , you are better served buying one of those garlic based sprays . Your yard will smell like a pizzeria for 2 days but the ` skeeters will be kept at bay .
 We started out in early '04 with the Pro Plus version of the MM -LRB- # 1 -RRB- . It would run for 24 hours or so an then shut off . After a couple of frustrating tech support calls -LRB- long holds , no continuity , etc. -RRB- American Biophysics decided that maybe the fact that we are located at 5000 feet and the air is thinner , the Pro Plus would n't work very well . -LRB- Apparently , it 's tuning is pretty critical -RRB- So , they sent us 2 Liberty Plus units -LRB- # 2 , # 3 -RRB- in exchange for the Pro Plus . This seemed OK because it gives us a little more coverage . Of course , that statement implies that they actually work!The first LP that they sent actually seemed to be working after a week , so they went ahead and sent the second one . The second one never worked . Just would n't stay on . After several weeks , we got it exchanged for a new unit . -LRB- # 4 -RRB- It never started up . By now the season was over , and the first unit also did n't keep running . But after trying 3 LP and a PP , I 'd had enough so we packed 'em up for the winter , even though neither was working.This spring , we tried to get them going early . One unit just would n't start . -LRB- # 4 -RRB- Gas fault and then battery fault unless you recharge between each attempt to get them started . Sent that unit back to exchange the head . Remarkably , the second unit actually started up after several cartridges of CO2 . And it ran long enough to finish one propane tank and then finish another -- about 4-5 weeks . So I thought we were off and running . Wrong !! After running pretty well for those 4-5 weeks , it stopped and would not re-start . Furthermore , the new one that was sent in exchange for the other one simply never started at all . Of course , I was also figuring that by now , we were out of warranty . Remarkably , since we had initially purchased the Pro Plus , which has a two year warranty , they are giving us a 2 year warranty on our two Liberty Plus units . So I sent them both back and have now received two more units -LRB- # 5 , # 6 -RRB- I fired one of them up on Monday and it 's been running for 4 days . The other fired up on Wednesday -LRB- 7/20 -RRB- and has been running for 2 days . Are we making progress ? Who knows?More observations -- Am Bio really focuses on the quality of the propane . We have tried 3 different suppliers . Generally , the results have been invariant , so I 'm not at all sure we have a propane issue . -- Am Bio always starts their troubleshooting with suggesting that you blow 2 or 3 CO2 cartridges . I 've started doing 2-3 cartridges whenever the thing does n't start . It generally does not help . But , it eliminates having to call back when it does n't work . The downside is that in the last 1.3 years , I 've bought about 40 or 50 CO2 cartridges at a cost of at least $ 3 each . -- When these things are working , and there is a significant mosquito population , they seem to catch mosquitoes . Last summer , when the one unit was running for several weeks , the bag wound up with what seems like a pretty big population of dead guys . However , if they wo n't run , that does n't matter . -- When they sent -LRB- # 5 , # 6 -RRB- they also had them running in the factory prior to shipment . I suppose this makes sure that there are no obvious defects . Maybe when you have to get your replacement unit , you should ask for one of those . I did note that one of the units was last year 's model and the other was this year 's model . -LRB- I 'm sure both are refurbs , by the way . -RRB- Anyway , unless you really need mosquito control , I 'd suggest DEET , like some of the other folks . We live next to a swamp , and are in West Nile country , so we feel that mosquito control is pretty critical . However , this product is so frustrating , if I did n't need it , I would never buy it !! I guess the good news is that since we originally bought the Pro Plus , my warranty goes through April 2006 . In that time , I should n't need more than 4 or 5 more units ...
 I 've had the Freedom 2000 for several years now . I have had multiple problems with it and I figure it has caught about one mosquito for each tank of propane I have bought . I have seen a total of about 7 unlucky mosquitoes captured in a year.I did n't even bring it out last year because I figured I did n't want to spend any more money on propane . It turns out that my wife has a friend of a friend that works for American Biophysics and she said they were awesome , so I figured I would try it again.After trying it again , I still think it is a complete waste of the $ 900 I spent on it.Complaints :1 -RRB- It takes 3 or 4 tries over several hours to get it running .2 -RRB- It mysteriously shuts down .3 -RRB- It does n't consistently run the fan fast enough to suck even a tiny piece of tissue paper up the horn .4 -RRB- I was paying for an attractant for a whole year that actually repelled Tiger mosquitoes .5 -RRB- American Biophysics sticks to their one year warranty , so if you buy one , get them to buy it back before the year is up . They are unyielding after 12 months !!!! Funny enough after talking to several of their tech support people over the last few days , they realized that my MM is a piece of junk and offered to let me part with some more money to get a replacement -- Uh , I may look funny , but I did n't just fall off the turnip truck !!! I 'd recommend buying a hose-end bottle of insecticide and spraying your yard . This ended up working much better than the MM .
 What a bunch of junk : The first time I started it up in April 2006 -LRB- with Octenol -RRB- , the bag was about 1/2 full after 3 weeks . I switched to Lurex , which is what is supposed to be used in South Florida , and have not caught a mosquito since . I have wasted time swabbing various parts of the machine with alochol -LRB- based on tech support advisory -RRB- with no results . The machine simply does not work and is nothing more than a waste of time and money . It is also cheap construction with plastic parts that would inevitably break in the near future , even if it did work . -LRB- To be clear , the machine is running , but is not catching mosquitoes . -RRB- Additionally , the propane and attractant do not last a full three weeks , at least in South Florida . I really do not like having to go out on a Thursday night to replace the cartridge and propane , something I consider a weekend chore - and an annoying one at that.Conclusion
 The worst customer support that there is . I tried this the day after I ordered it from Amazon . It had a cracked top . I called customer service because they say the product comes with a warranty . They told me that THE WARRANTY APPLIES TO THE DAY IT WAS MANUFACTURED , NOT THE DATE OF PURCHASE . She checked my serial number and said that the unit was out of warranty . WHAT , OUT OF WARRANTY AFTER ONE DAY.I do n't know how they can get away with this . The item was brand new when I recieved it . Would I go and buy a car and purchase a 3 year warranty only to have them tell me that since the car was over 3 years old it did n't apply?The Worst ... BUYER BEWARE ... Do n't waste your money !!!
 I have three Mosquitio Magnets that I bought last year . They worked great for a few months then only give `` fault '' indications thereafter and wo n't work . This is a defectively designed or manufactured product . I have never submitted Amazon reviews before this product . I feel so cheated that I want to warn others about it . Three bad devices for me , and many other reviews reporting the same problems , means that you purchase this product with great risk.Thankyou .
 Like most people , my igniter quit working , and they want a bunch of money to fix it . That would just be good money after bad . It never caught anything and is very expensive to run each month because you have to buy the octenol and propane . Any other solution would work better and cost less . Forget about this item .
 The product worked just ok for about a year with the head being replaced after the first couple of months , now I am spending more money just to try to keep it running . The unit stops after running for a day , I have replaced the battery twice , gone through two packs of cartidges and still have the same issue . The mfg. told me most folks run fine and there is nothing wrong with these , yet when I called my local MM repair shop , they told me they would add me to their 3 + page waiting list and ca n't promise they can even get to me this summer . This is no doubt one of the worst purchases I have ever made . . HIGHLY NOT reccomended . . Use something like a can of yard guard a day , will be much cheaper and probably work better .
 It works great for the first season but then as all the others have said , it wo n't work without sending it in for expensive repairs . Do n't be ripped off !
 Beware , the original company that made the Mosquito Magnet is now out of business . I purchased my Liberty Plus last year and it worked great all summer . I tried to get it started in April with no luck . After talking to American Biophysics they sent me a replaced battery for $ 40 . That batery was defected and now the company that bought out American Biophysics will not stand behind their products . Read the reviews , these things will work for one season and then they are junk . Buy some Off it is much cheaper and wil last longer .
 ... and it is not good ! MM did n't catch much of anything in almost a week . . but my guests and I certainly fed plenty of mozzies.So I checked good ol' Amazon to see if I was missing something and have read enough to scare me off for good ... even if i get it working properly it seems it has a built in self destruct for next season.So ... I am returning it ... while I still have the chance.Also . . there really is n't too much to these things . . especially for 650 + bucks !!! Think I am going to make my own and make one that runs on natural gas instead . : - -RRB- Thanks again Amazon for the reviews ... they are worth more than Consumer reports and epinions combined .
 I purchased the 3100MM from a local hardware store 2 years ago for nearly $ 700.00 . The first unit worked well for about 20 days , then would not start . American Biophysics replaced the unit with a new one -LRB- My local Hardware store would not take it back , stating that American Biophysics would not let them return the unit -RRB- . This one lasted for the rest of that season , and most of the next . When it worked , it was great . It caught many mosquitos and allowed us to use our backyard . At the end of the Summer , the unit failed , and would not start . It was already out of Warranty , so I knew I could n't get it replaced . This year , I tried to clean the gas nozzle inside -LRB- after finding a few tips on the web -RRB- . It still does not turn on . At this point I have wasted so much time and money calling tech support , filling propane tanks , buying the CO2 cartridges , and DIY attempts at fixing . I would NOT recommend any Mosquito Magnet products as they are very unreliable . I ca n't believe that I spent this much money on a product that wo n't work .
 It killed a few mosquitos , but very few and at a very high cost.I live in the NE , -LRB- Massachusetts -RRB- , and ran the unit from April to fall . Moved the unit trying to find sucess twice , but never saw the catch bag more than a third full in a month of trying . This season the cost of propane is $ 22 a refill and the bottle has to be changed less than every three weeks . I get a big grin from the guy I buy the bottles from , and I 'm probably going to hell for what I 'm doing to global warming.Mosquito magnet is very over-rated .
 It just arrived a week ago and so far the battery wo n't charge all the way though enough that tech support says the unit should start ... which it does n't . We 're told to return the top of the unit , shipping it at our expense . So we have a new unit that cost over $ 600 and we 're already shelling out extra just to get it to work . This is n't a good start .
 The first year we had our Liberty Plus , we were emptying nets FULL of mosquitoes on a weekly basis -LRB- by full I mean mosquitoes were literally packed in there so I had to dig in the net with a stick to dislodge them -RRB- . I have had absolutely no problems keeping it running the second and third years . I just follow the manuals instructions . The problem is , it started making this howling noise the second year and the mosquito catch was disappointing . The third year the noise got louder and the catch dropped to nothing , so I shut it off and I 'm gon na try for a repair , but from what I 've read the company has new owners and it 's unclear if repairs will be available any time soon.My recommendation
 I have had 4 Pro 1100 units and none work . They do not stay running and all the mosquitos will fly back out . when it runs it does catch mosquitos . Tech support sends me a new -LRB- remanufactured -RRB- one to replace with when i call , but my warranty is running out . My advice save your money do n't buy this . you will be sorry !!!!
 This over-priced , non-functional , piece of junk is absolutely worthless . Do not waste your money . Ours has never once worked properly since we purchased it over 2 years ago at the exorbitant price of $ 795 . First , the battery never keeps a charge and we have had to contact the manufacturer , American Biophysics , on at least 3 separate occasions to request new batteries , and ultimately they determined the first unit that they shipped to us was defective and they replaced it with a new one that worked marginally better than the other , but still never properly . Once we were able to get it to actually run , it did not work as promised and we still had thousands of mosquitoes around . Now , the mosquitoes did hover around the vacuum intake , but very few -LRB- maybe 500 at the most -RRB- actually went into or were sucked into the unit.Then , we learned that we had a different kind of mosquito than what the Magnet was originally designed for . We had Asian Tiger mosquitoes since we live in the southeast US . So , after spending money on the original attractant that did not work , we were forced to purchase a different and intially more expensive attractant , Octenol . When the Magnet actually ran -LRB- on rare occasion -RRB- , this attractant was somewhat more effective than the other.Then , this summer , the Magnet 's battery-charge problems returned -LRB- or some other gremlin since I still had a spare battery and it appeared to be retaining its charge -RRB- . By the end of July , my Magnet had ceased to work altogether and became an $ 800 ugly yard decoration . So , yet another call to the manufacturer . I was told that it was probably clogged with dirty propane or something like that , and I would need to spend additional money and purchase a `` quick clear '' cartridge which is essentially a CO2 capsule that blows out and `` clears '' whatever particles and gases may be trapped and clogging the system . I used high pressure air instead to clean out the system , and lo and behold , it still does n't work and now sits in my basement as an $ 800 dust magnet . -LRB- Oh , and by the way , its top-heavy plastic casement fell over once while moving it to a different location in the yard causing the cheap plastic `` neck '' that goes into the metal sleeve and `` balances '' it snapped off and broke , thus rendering it even less functional -RRB- . Bottom line ... do not waste your money , and do not buy this product or recommend it to anyone you know .
 This trap will work great -- for ONE season -LRB- mine did -RRB- . Then it will likely fail to start the next season -LRB- mine did -RRB- Read the reviews here and around the internet -- the pattern is unmistakable ! -LRB- Ignore any review that does n't cover at least a second season of usage . -RRB- When the trap fails to start at the beginning of season two , the only solution the company offers is to return the `` head '' of the unit -LRB- the entire top part ; essentially 90 % of what you bought -RRB- and pay for a refurbished replacement . -LRB- If you 're lucky enough to still be under the 12 month warranty , you get a one-time reprieve on paying -- but will face the risk of shelling out to resolve the no-start scenario the next year . -RRB- Clearly the company has a racket going . They sell the product , at a premium price , knowing that many wo n't start the next year . But that 's ok , because they can insist that the customer pay for a refurbished replacement , at a premium price , and ship the original back . -LRB- This is the deal , by the way
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ! This is the perfect example of a good idea gone terribly wrong due to shoddy manufacturing and abysmal customer service . I have gone through two Liberty units in less than 3 years . They both stopped working after a few months and AmBio was no help . Built-in obsolescence , anyone ? I am not a believer in big government , but this company should be under an injunction to not sell anything until their product passes 1960 's era quality control standards -LRB- for starters -RRB- . Then maybe I 'll consider buying a new one .
 You should avoid Mosquito Magnet products . They are poorly made . They catch a handful of mosquitos , but not enough to make a difference . They are very expensive , and require constant add-on purchases . Use Deet or screened porches instead .
 I ordered this piece and the matching chairs . I have waited since July for them to be available . They became availabe in September , so I ordered them . They kept moving the delivery date and then canceled the chairs - said they could n't get them . So I had to cancel the sofa as well . Now I am stuck with 2 chaise lounges and a coffee table but no other furnitue !!!
 This is a lousy generator . I was using it to power my coffee vending machines at an art fair and they asked me to leave . They even refunded my $ 125.00 vender fee just to get rid of me because the generator was making so much noise that people were compalining .
 Lasted 3 hours before the generator stalled and electrical problems . Key parts , the stator and rotor burned up and are no longer available . You will be left with a $ 600 Tecumseh 10 hp engine .
 i bought 4 arm chairs , and 2 end tables . i wanted the coffee table as well , but it is apparently out of stock , with no date of re-stocking . i love the lines and the look of the chairs , but the cushions have completely mildewed , and i ca n't get them clean . i thought i could leave them out , because i thought they were waterproof . they are not ! any ideas on how to clean them ? i am afraid to bleach them since the fabric is already fairly thin .
 I just bought this hose reel based on the reviews to replaced a smaller Suncast hideaway that lasted about 3 years . This one leeks the same place that the older one did before it broke completely . Save your money and do n't by the Suncast Brand Hose reels . I am waiting for a response to my e-mail from Suncast
 The base would not stay attached to the hose cabinet making it impossible to use the hose reel . When I took it out of the shipping box , the swivel was detached . I put the swivel back on , started to carry it outside and whole base fell off . I could not get the base to securely fit to the cabinet . I think it was due to the plastic tabs not being strong enough to secure the base to the cabinet . Not a quality product - lightweight plastic all around .
 Suncast SSB200B is made from relatively lightweight plastic . For $ 80 I expected heavy built stuff . If it is not secured to the ground it will tip over when the hose is being pulled out and anything in the storage bin will topple out . My biggest complaint would be that the handle you use to reel up feels like it 's ready to snap when you 're reeling in a heavy hose . I only have about 100 ' of hose on it and I have to go pick up all the hose and carry it to the front of the box then I can reel it up.My next complaint is as another reviewer mentioned , the arm the handle is connected to is too short making it take an extra long time to reel all the hose up . I can only imagine how tired my arm would get with a longer hose . I suspect this was part of the design to keep the flimsy plastic from breaking under the strain . With that said mine has n't broken yet but only because I 've been careful with it . The connections on it are still leak free and the storage box is a handy idea when the whole thing does n't tip over . I wish I 'd seen what I was buying beforehand , I would have spent more money for better quality and function . I do n't recommend this product .
 It seemed like the answer to long hose winding but has weak hose reels that break easily . Supposed to hold 225 feet of hose . I had 100 ft of hose and it broke the reel in 3 months . Their service people say to always pull out all the hose , drain hose when done and rewind when hose is empty . This is not stated in instructions . And how inconveinent to do that every time with all that hose . Its just a excuse for a poorly designed , weakly made unit . The inner working are n't half as good as the outside is made . Oh well . will have to look further for a higher quality better made unit that lasts and is conveinent to use . The garden shop told me they are discontinued and wont have any more . Suncast said they didnt think they were discontinued . So it seems the retail stores dont want to deal with the problems associated with these units and dont want to bother with them any longer . If they were any kind of company they would recall them and replace them with some that last . So if your time is worthless and you like to repair or try to exchange units , this is the one for you .
 The jury is out on this one because my husband got completely frustrated trying to secure the base down with the stakes provided because the holes are so close to the unit you can not use a hammer to drive them into the ground without scarring up the sides or even being able to hit the darn thing . If your ground is sand maybe it 's not a big deal , but with hard ground it 's a killer . I 've yet to use it because without the stablizer stakes it will move around . Bummer . Seemed like a good idea at the time.UPDATE
 I purchased one of these years ago when they first came on the market from the local Lowes . Worked great and loved the hose guide and the covered bin to store some tools . When it finally gave out I looked everywhere for it and ended up here at Amazon , where I knew I would find it at the best price around and have always found Amazon 's customer service top notch.However , the same can not be said for Suncast . Immediately I could see the quality had gone down hill over the years , cheaper and thinner plastic , rickety even . But my husband and I hooked it up anyhow only to find that it leaked . Not at our hookups but inside the reel , not to be fixed . Had Amazon come and get it the next day for a full refund . Thank you Amazon for being such a great company.Have read countless reviews on hose reels and they all seem to have issues . If anyone knows of a decent hose reel for a decent price please let me know .
 Ours broke after a day . Customer support was difficult but after many frustrating calls we had replacement parts sent . There were no instructions but we eventually got it back together . It broke again a couple days later .
 only plastic material , low quality , was broken after using it two times ! looks great , idea is great ! was great the first time I used it , but the manufacturer once again trying to save money used low quality , low cost plastic , and the engine was dead after the second use ! very expensive for what it is ! do n't buy it !
 This manifold worked perfectly when I first hooked it up to replace a similar type unit that failed on me . I was very pleased for 3 days ... then , on the 4th day I had no water coming out of the lines . Plenty of pressure on a ` T ' line off the same pump , but nothing coming out of the Raindrip . Even after unscrewing and removing the little valves ... still no water . I tried reaming the hole -LRB- gently -RRB- ... nothing . Only when I whacked the top of the unit with a screwdriver -LRB- percussive maintenance -RRB- did I get any change , and that was a slow trickle from a 800 GPH pump . I 've tried two Raindrip manifolds and both failed almost immediately . Great concept , cheap manifestation . If someone would make one of these from quality materials that would last , I 'd pay two or even three times the price.Maybe China ca n't get it together . When this kind of stuff used to be made in the USA , it would be passed down to the next generation.Anyway ... in my opinion , you should do what I did . Make your own disperser and forget these crappy things that cost more to send back than it 's worth .
 I bought a couple of different sizes of netting to cover several of my chicken yards . Did n't need super strength -- just enough to discourage hawks flying overhead looking for easy pickings . Unfortunately , as we were unfolding them , I noticed slits here and there -- some small ; others 12 '' or so . All of the sizes had slits -- some only a few -- others quite a lot . Because I did n't have time to return them -LRB- and I doubted replacements would have been any better -RRB- , I simply used neon-colored surveyors tape to close them up -LRB- which also helped emphasize to the hawks that there was a netting they 'd have to deal with - I was going to do this anyway . -RRB- Worked out okay for me because of how we were using them . Same brand as what the nurseries in town carry -LRB- although they charge a much higher price -RRB- -- but then again , they do n't have any holes . So I 'm assuming these particular ones at this cheap price may be rejected seconds . On a positive note , even though they are very lightweight , they 've lasted for a year now -- through snow , ice and high UV levels of sunlight -LRB- we live in high altitude NM -RRB- , which is why I 'm giving them 2 stars .
 This netting is very hard to work with . It does control birds from getting at the berries effectively . . I would help if it was a little more substantial ; so that it would n't tangle so easily and catch on everything it touches . I would not purchase this product again !
 This product looks good in place and performs well , giving good shade but passing some sunlight . But , and it is a killer `` but '' , the first indication of trouble was cracking of the butterfly ties . I wondered if bending the ties to close them in cool weather caused some sort of stress . I called the company and they sent me replacements . I put the replacements in hot water to soften them before bending , but several of the new ones failed in a few months.The fabric has become brittle after only nine months ; you can tear it with your hands or poke a hole with your finger . It is tearing at some of the attachment clips -LRB- installed every 12 '' per the instructions -RRB- . I sent in a warranty claim and we shall see what happens.The annoyance factor here though is the short life and the hassle of having to replace a 40 ' cover . I will try another brand.Update
 After on a few months I began to notice that the fabric was flaking , leaving a dusting of material on my patio set . Then it began to totally disintegrate covering my furniture like a snow of fabric dust . Update
 I love the color , the look and the shade provided by this product . Unfortunately , the fabric started disintegrating in less than a year and now it consistently leaves `` snow '' on my patio and on anyone who 's attempting to enjoy a relaxing few minutes on my patio . Installing it was no easy task . Now , it has to be completely redone with a different fabric . I offer this review so that you might avoid a similar frustration.Easy Gardener 72012 Sun Screen Fabric - Saddle Tan - 6-Foot x 12-Foot - 75 % Sun Block
 I purchased this item in tan two years ago to cover my succulents . Noticed this summer that it was flaking and crumbling . Read an earlier reviewer who stated they had the same problem . I have used shade cloth from Lowe 's and HD for many years and still have some of it . Either I purchased better quality in the past -- never noticed the brand before , or the formula for manufacture has changed . I am going to try the `` Coolaroo '' product and see how that works .
 I thought the color -LRB- which is what I wanted -RRB- would be the same as the picture on Amazon but it is a brighter green and does n't match my other screen fabric -LRB- different brand -RRB- . When the description has heavy green I thought the fabric would be heavier and less see-through than the one I have . Found it to be lighter and more see - through so put one on top of another for more privacy .
 We live in a town sentimental about dear deer -- they are actually fed , and are thus an out-of-control population with no predators . Managing a small organic farm has become impossible without very strong deer control . We have tried this and three other types of plastic netting . Some years back , it worked for a time . Recently , as the dear deer have run through most of the local apple trees , berry plants and roses -LRB- not to mention beans , even lettuce , gladiolas , and on and on -RRB- , they have become more aggressive . They easily jump 7-foot high netting ; worse , they have learned to tear it easily , to root it up from the ground with their noses . Netting in general does n't work ; this netting in particular is flimsy and not worth using . -LRB- We lost $ 12K worth of berries and flowers this last year . -RRB- We are circling our entire farm with a combination of `` rabbit-deer '' welded metal fencing along with a topping of sheep fencing -LRB- also welded metal -RRB- . It 's an all-out war -- we 'd do an 8-foot high cement wall if we could afford it.Robert Greenway , Corona Farm , Port Townsend
 The deer in my neighborhood have no trouble leaping over this fence . When they do , they usually rip it off the post . This fence does not stop the deer from eating my vegetables , as stated by the manufacture . It is merely a bump in the road that is easily overcome by hungry deer . Do not buy this product if you think it is going to save your tomatoes from the deer.I may try raping my evergreens with it this winter . Maybe it wo n't be a complete waste of money ?
 I purchased this DeerBlock Netting to use as a temporary cat fence in an area of our back yard . Needless to say , it was so flimsy that within 10 minutes my cats had run through it . If it ca n't keep a cat in , I do n't think a deer would have any problems compromising this fencing material either .
 This netting is identical in every way to product honestly labeled as bird netting , other than the 7X100 dimension . It would be fine for that purpose , but it should not be sold as deer fence , which is much heavier . I should have known by the price , but the detailed product description is lacking the sort of information that would have confirmed my suspicions .
 Does Not Stop Deer.Or Tumbleweeds.Or the occasional light sneeze.Don ' t expect it to support any weight either , when we were tearing this junk down -LRB- it had only been up a week and the deer had torn holes in it a la Wile E. Coyote . -RRB- and I lost my footing and fell into the stuff , I went straight to the ground , did n't even slow me down .
 I purchased this material and installed it parallel to our existing wood fence , which the deer were jumping over . It is very difficult to discern how tough the various deer fencing products are based on the pictures on Amazon . When I opened the box , I was surprised it was not much heavier than the bird netting we use on our cherry trees.We installed the fence . The first night , the deer ripped several holes in the net . They just leaped right through it . We patched the holes with zip ties and put reflective flagging up , hoping the deer would see there was a fence , but every couple of days , they would just tear another hole in it.After two weeks , I took it down and replaced it with a Square Mesh Barrier Fence product I found online . The deer wo n't be getting through that .
 I think this product is unfit for the purpose for which it is being sold . It is very flimsy & tears very easily . I ca n't imagine it could keep anything out . Our dog knocked into it , it tore . The wind alone tore it from the posts . Numerous huge tears have appeared , cause unknown . A complete waste of money . We shall need to replace with something more substantial . Thus far we have had to repare at least once per day .
 Bought it to keep rabbits out of vegetable garden . Split it in half to go around a 20 ` x60 ' ground level garden . Just step over to get in and out of garden . It is sort of hard to handle because it is rather light weight , unruly , and snags easily on things . I used tee posts about every 20 ' and tied with tie wraps . I left about a 6 inch `` skirt '' on the ground , turned it to the outside of the fence and weighted it with bricks . Dogs run into it . Grandkids run into it . Two snakes and a Texas spiny lizard got caught in it and died . One cottontail found an unsecured spot but it was generally effective in keeping rabbits out . I plan to buy more this year.UPDATE
 Bought as a deer barrier but this is so flimsy , it is nothing more than bird netting
 I live in the Pikes Peak region in the mountains . The deer are a royal pain . Last year we bought some of the deer block netting and laid it down with stakes over all our perrenials . The deer would just move the rocks and push the netting aside . So this year we extended one side of our deck higher and had a tent over our gardens . It has been two days since our project completion . The first night the deer tore the areas where we twistied the netting together . Last night they not only tore holes through other areas where there were twisties , but they also chewed right through several other areas as well . This product is worthless and will not prevent the deer from eating your gardens . Wish I never bought it for my garden project . Now I am researching for something that actually will prevent the deer from chewing through it in order to save our garden . -LRB- P.S. I also use all sorts of sprays , and sprinkle deer repellant as well . -RRB-
 This product is fine if you do n't have wind , ice , snow or heavy rain . It tears and strands break easily under stress .
 This product was hard for us to see in the picture offered . It 's weave was not as tight as indicated in the picture .
 I have satisfactorily used the Easy Gardener net for many years to cover large fruit trees when the fruit is ripening . Usually the netting lasts a number of years . I found the Easy Gardener nets I bought this year -LRB- from a Hardware store -RRB- came with large holes produced in defective manufacturing . Also , the netting strength was so degraded the net was easily ripped with just a bit of hand strength . Obviously the plastic qualiity has been greatly downgraded and they have no quality controlEasy Gardener 15800 Ross 14-Foot by 75-Foot Garden Netting
 I bought this product online out of laziness to go to a store and pick up one . When I received this cage , it was broken as it was shipped in just a plastic wrap . You can get cheaper tomato cages in homedepot for $ 5 - $ 7 and good ones .
 I recently did some extensive landscaping of both front and back yards and used this landscape fabric in conjunction with mulch to prevent weeds . Once it is unrolled and on the ground , the fabric is difficult to cut with a straight blade utility knife . Scissors are fine if you are simply cutting a length with no X shaped holes for plantings that need to slip thru the fabric and can lay the fabric out perfectly flat . If you are cutting as you install , then scissors can be cumbersome and give you uneven edges . Use a hook blade in your utility knife or use a knife that curves back like a carpet knife or linoleum knife . This seemed to work much better as you try and pin the fabric while crawling around thru already established plants and bushes . Difficulty in handling the product is not why I only gave it one star . I gave it one because in more than a dozen places it simply did not do its job . Following standard procedures of at least four inch overlap of sections and cutting an X not an actual hole for plantings I have found myself frequently if not routinely spot-killing weeds in my planting beds . Onion grass has managed to grow right thru the fabric and up thru 3-4 inches of mulch . It did not happen at points where the fabric was pierced by the nursery pins nor did it happen where there was an overlap . It happened -LRB- and still does -RRB- at points right in the middle of a section of fabric where there was no compromise to the fabric itself . The onion grass just bullied its way thru . Maybe next time I should spend a little more money and get commercial grade weedblock fabric .
 This product , labeled as `` landscape fabric '' is very unlike fabric , and is more like the plastic bags that you find in your grocers produce section . It tears very easily , and the grass continues to grow -LRB- for a while anyway -RRB- under the `` fabric '' because of the level of light that gets through . Cutting it with scissors , it tears and rips , even with sharp shears.I would recommend using Scott 's landscape fabric instead .
 This is a complete waste of money if one is going to attempt to install these in an established yard . I have some bamboo outdoors near a privacy fence . Bamboo can get away from you if you do not contain the root system some how . I backed up from the fence and bamboo about 2 feet . I used a sharp-shooter to cut the St. Augustine grass and to make myself a mark -LRB- small trench -RRB- to start installing these borders . I used a rubber mallet to try to tap these in and they just crumpled and broke . Also , I think the heat made the plastic soft too , so there was no way these were going in the ground . I do not recommend unless you have fresh dirt that is not compacted , no grass whatsoever , and not stones or gravel whatsoever . They might go down into fresh sand that is not compacted . These are a complete waste to use on an established yard . They simply will no go into the earth before the break . I do not recommend and I will not ever use these again . I regret this purchase .
 This product MAY work in a new , freshly tilled landscape with NO established trees or shrubs , and NO stones in the soil . In my case it failed completely . I tried to use it for a run of less than 100 feet in an East Texas yard with many trees and shrubs . Impossible . After I broke the locking tabs off of the first three sections , I gave up and returned the remaining sections to `` big box 1 '' . What happens is that any root obstruction larger than about 1/8 '' causes the edging to give way rather than cut off the root , as one might expect . Turns out you have to dig a trench 2 to 4 inches deep , cutting off all roots and removing stones . You also end up with a zig-zag line , because the sections do n't lock together well , even those with unbroken tabs . Ten feet of that and I gave up . If I 'm going to dig a trench anyway , I may as well use something of higher quality .
 I purchased these grommets after reading some great reviews only to be disappointed . I tried to put them on my shade cloth per instructions on the package and they cracked or simply smashed down . I 'm returning them this week .
 I was totally dissapointed in their holding ability . The grommets come apart easily especially when you applypressure by tightening or in a strong wind . I ended up trying to glue the ones that were coming apart . This seems to have helped .
 These came with an Easy Gardener Sun Shade . Worst product for outdoor use ! Do n't hold together under a load , too easy to deform and break . At least they are recyclable . Get metal grommets and spray with an enamel coating to prevent rust .
 Placed this all over my garden area , even doubled up in some places . Barely 2 months later and its like I never even used my time to do it . There are weeds everywhere !
 Unless your ground is marshmallowy or you were hoping for to strain your shoulders , this is n't for you .
 `` My neighbor asked me if I had a gopher problem ... I told him no ... they were made by a GARDEN WEASEL !! '' This thing 's great ... but it makes big holes in the lawn that need to be back filled after you twist the weeds out . And depending on how much you use it ... the claws may bend out of shape like they did on me . Make sure the area you work on is very moist for easy use . I did mine in the rain ...
 ... cuz I sure ca n't get this tool to `` work '' for ME . I truly wasted my money on this piece of work .
 We bought the Garden Claw several years ago at our first house and never used it , because the handles are mounted for lefties . That is , the two hand-grips are each curved to the side , giving a feel of turning a wheel when you use it . This would be great if you put your hands on the grips and turned it to the right to dig . But the tines on this gadget are positioned so that you have to `` steer '' the Claw to the left to get them to dig . Since us righties have more strength in our right hands , it was very awkward to `` steer '' the Claw to the left . We spent about 20 minutes with it in the garden that day and have n't used it since .
 I bought this baby because I have hard soil with clay in it . So I thought I would try to airate it and soften it up with this garden weasel and then mix it with some baught soil . This tool is n't any good for anything other then soft soils that need to be shaken up a bit . It is handy and more comfortable to break that type of soil or if you have a few small pebbles though it has to be pretty soft soil to begin with and not ridden with roots or rocks . Otherwise I hope your strong and have a lot of will power if you still want to buy this .
 I ordered this from Furniture on the Web -LRB- never buy from them again -RRB- and it felt very cheap definitely not worth $ 100 . Plus I had to pay for shipping both ways so after I returned I ended up paying about $ 130 for it ! Total rip off . It would n't stand up in a garden and it is too big to keep inside -LRB- unless your ozzy osborn -RRB- and FOW were jerks through the whole process ! Look somewhere else if you want a nice gargoyle statue for your home or to give as a gift .
 The Weed Eater XT114 Electric Trimmer/Edger has a lot of power . It is relatively light and easy to manuever . I definitely recommend using gloves and safety glasses with this one . I have found it extremely difficult to egde with this unit . It does not have an edging guide on it like many of the Black & Decker models do . This makes it very difficult to position the unit to edge properly . I find myself hitting the concrete with the trimmer line or cutting grooves in my lawn instead of getting right along the edge of the pavement as would be wanted . The other problem is that when the trimmer line breaks off , I can not get the line to auto feed back out . Tapping the spool on a hard surface should feed it back out , but I always end up taking the spool apart instead . When the spool is apart , I find the trimmer line melted to itself . I have no idea why this happens . I have tried a new spool and had the same problem . Overall , I like the weight , power , and balance of the XT114 - but next time I will buy a different brand .
 The construction of this unit is very `` cheap '' . Lightwieght plastics , poor packaging , ill-fitting parts . Oh sure , it whacks weeds , but do n't bother unless you want to pay $ 39.95 for a $ 19.95 product . Be prepared for missing or damaged parts , Amazon does n't pack the item at all -- they just pull it off a shelf and slap the shipping label on the box .
 Purchased this product last summer , it fell apart . It was a hassle with customer servcie to exchange the . It took 2 weeks and two trips to a local dealer . This spring the replaced unit died . No motor .
 I purchased the Weedeater XT114 at a local hardware store for some light duty trimming at my vacation home . I realize this is not a heavy duty trimmer , but it is so much less than that . You 'd be better off buying a good pair of scissors for $ 5.00 and saving the $ 45.00 . It just does n't perform at all . Do n't believe me ? Try one out and you 'll be cursing Poulan for putting their former good name on this worthless piece of plastic .
 My husband used this on our front yard - because we have a lot of rocky terrain , we can not use a traditional lawn mower . obviously , the yard is n't that big -LRB- hence the electric trimmer , instead of gas -RRB- . i wanted the thing mainly to be environmentally aware -LRB- no gas -RRB- and because it 's not as noisy . well , the first time he used it , it started to smoke after about 20 minutes and that was the last time it worked . so now -LRB- sigh -RRB- we 're going to a gas trimmer that i hope will be more reliable than this one . i suppose you get what you pay for , although it seems that there are some who have been pleased with this item . Good for them !
 The trimmer broke the first time I tried it . -LRB- I 'd used a similar model for 10 years , so I 'm not an amateur with these things . -RRB- I contacted the seller -- Home and Beyond -- about the problem and got no response .
 I bought this trimmer recently and it worked for about 5 minutes and then it refused to feed the line out . The bump method is really unreliable and especially with this model . I had to return it to ACE hardware for credit . Never again !
 Purchased with Stanley 61804N 4 Gallon Backpack Sprayer . Needed to extended reach for cleaning house siding , however the fittings on this telescoping wand would not fit . Also would not fit on my Roundup 1 gallon sprayer either . Not cost effective to send back . Hope to keep someone else from making the same mistake .
 I ordered a Gilmour Spray Telescoping Sprayer Wand . I received the item but it does not thread on correctly . It is the exact same wand as the broken one that I am replacing . The package also did not contain any type of receit or packing slip so how would I ever be able to take the company up on their life time guarantee ????
 The plastic fitting that joins this extension to the trigger grip should have been much more sturdy or even brass if possible . The engineering of this is so inadequate for the purpose of the extended wand . It is only a matter of a short time before the plastic connection fatigues and cracks ; even with the most gentle of back and forth spraying motion of the wand .
 It was only an $ 8.00 item and I may have screwed up by assumeing that it fit the sprayer it was advertised next to , its return would not offset postage . So I guess i 'll cut it in two and see if some hose and clamps will transform it into somthing useful ! Never again .
 I have used two large buckets of this product in my fish pond which is about 12 x 24 feet x 3 feet deep to control algae . It works briefly but the algae comes right back due to the fish and direct sunlight exposure . I recently installed a UV clarifier that it is working very well to control algae . Highly recommend that approach over fish control or chemicals .
 Used this with the Clarity Max and saw no improvement in water color , if anything it was worse . Back to using the Tetra stuff . I was really hoping that this would work .
 I bought two 50 ft 5/8 '' Gilmour soaker hoses at Home Depot . I needed two 25 ft. lengths to make a complete circle around my house . -LRB- I had hooked up the 50 footers to two different spikets and came up short at both ends , which is why I needed two shorter hoses rather than one more long one . -RRB- HD did n't carry the 25 ft. hoses , so I bought them from Amazon . The hose material is very different than the 50 ft. hoses . The water oozes out at a MUCH faster rate . So if you link a 50 footer with a 25 footer , you will have a swamp around the latter by the time enough water is released from the former . Since the hoses were so inexpensive , it does n't make economic sense to ship them back . I will put them around some bushes and wo n't link them to the 50 foot hoses . In the meantime , I bought another 50 footer , which creates some overlap , but at this point , I do n't care.By the way , the two 50 ft. hoses that I bought work well . They release a slow steady ` sweat ' of water . However , the third one that I bought seems to be full of pin holes and the water shoots out creating pools of water . That is a complaint I read previously about Gilmour soaker hoses . I will return that one today and swap it out for another.I hope this helps everyone out , especially anyone else dealing with the drought in Texas or elsewhere !
 This Gilmour soaker hose works reasonably well , as long as it works . The first one I bought was poorly made , and the hose fell out of the crimped hose-end connector before I even used it . The replacement hose works reasonably well , but there are several holes from which water shoots out , and the holes are getting worse as the water cuts the holes bigger -LRB- over just 3-4 weeks of use -RRB- . I expect it will go in the trash within another few weeks .
 This worked well for about a week . After that it sprouted several `` leaks '' over the length of the hose . It no longer `` weeps '' over the full length of the hose . It only sprays from about 4 holes . Worthless item . Freight charges too high to send it back or I would .
 this soaker hose is terrible . the second time I used it , it kinked as hoses do . Except this hose tore right in to two pieces before I could unkink it . I have had a different brand soaker hose for 15 years and it never has done this . This is a cheaply made product . I recommend it to no one . I want my money back from Amazon .
 Pretty much what my title says . This product is cheap and it is made that way also . I purchased two of these and one works well enough . It does weep more than what my others do but it will do . The other one though broke in half . My next purchase for a soaker hose will not be this brand .
 When I ordered this hose the picture of the item had `` Made in USA '' on it . When I recived the hose I saw that is in fact made in China . The couplings are silver colored and not brass . There is n't any pressure regulation system . They are not made of vinyl but of recycle tire rubber as far as I can tell just as the Swan and Apex soaker hoses are . Gilmour has outsourced most of its current line of products to China and the pictures on Amazon are out of date and misleading . For instance the small brass hose nozzle has the `` Made in USA '' on the label in the picture but the current ones are in fact made in China and do not function as well . They do not have a tight jet stream . So beware of any product bearing the Gilmour name as your getting a Chinese knock off at a premium price .
 I ordered 2 of these Gilmour Water Weeper Hoses 5/8 '' x 50 ' # 27-58050 from Amazon . As soon as the wife and I tried to unwind these hoses around are house and in the flower beds they broke in two . We took are time carefully unwinding the hoses first , and then stringing them into position . Nope not in one spot in multiple spots , had to purchase some splicer pieces from hardware to repair them . I went to Walmart the next day and bought 4 new hoses for $ 8.00 each , and they worked great . I am about done buying off of the internet , everyone seems to want to sell junk and not provide any customer service .
 I bought 2 of these hoses and both slit wide open with in a week . I regulators on the hose so it was not out side of pressure limits
 Bought a Gilmour spray doc sprayer and wanted the fan-shaped tip . That item is priced separately but the replacement kit reviewed here says it has the fan tip plus some additional parts for about $ 1 more . So I bought this kit instead . Sprayer tip was NOT the fan tip advertised but same one that came with the original sprayer.The replacement part kit does NOT contain the two parts you are most likely to lose and therefore need the most -- the two nylon bushings inside the sprayer tube assembly . These parts , being nylon , do not make a great seal , and you will have to use Plumber 's Grease to keep them from leaking and dripping . Also , if you unscrew the assembly to clean it the bushing fall out easily , which is why they should be in the replacement kit .
 The image presented for this item led me to believe it was a long replacement for the original attached wand . Instead it is a plastic attachment .
 The product itself is not bad . For the price it is a nice little boat to take on a calm lake . But I am assuming the people that work at Coleman must be very little people . I am an average size male and I fit comfortably in this boat , 3 people ... . never . It would sink . Or atleast take on a lot of water .
 The bar across the middle of the boat is a funky design that does not really make sense . Also , like someone else said , fitting three people on this thing is just asking for a disaster . 2 is the max capacity , without question . It was working just fine for me until one day I realized my bottom was getting more and more wet with each outting . Then I realized this thing had been leaking . If you go out once every bluemoon just to cruise on a calm lake , go for it . Otherwise , I do n't recommend it for any moderate or regular type use . Light duty , but you pay for what you get .
 We 've had this boat for three summers now and use it an average of three times a year . The first two summers we had a leak or two that were easily patched and it was as good as new . This last summer however , the boat was completely useless . On three separate occasions we took it out for a day on the lake only to find a new hole ruining our fun . The holes develop along the seams over time .
 I purchased this mower about a year ago . It does not maneuver well ... hard to turn and flips backwards when pulled back . Slides over thick grass and difficult to push if grass is thick .
 I bought this mower because I thought it was a waste to hire a gardener to mow my tiny San Francisco lawn -LRB- it 's maybe 15 ` x20 ' -RRB- . It was easy to assemble -LRB- though one of the bolts fell out because I had n't tightened it enough -- doing it by hand is not tight enough -RRB- . The first time I used it , I thought I was going to throw out my back , but I attributed it to the fact that the grass had grown pretty tall -LRB- high enough to use a line trimmer -RRB- . But I just tried using it after hiring a professional to mow it a week or two ago , and it still was backbreaking work . I consider myself a strong person -LRB- 220 pounds -RRB- , but I could barely get the thing to budge . Maybe it works if you mow every few days and do n't let the grass get too tall . But as for me , I 'll probably never use it again.Anyone want a cheap hand reel mower ???
 As one of the other reviewers said , the weak spot is the handle . It 's tube aluminum , I bent both handles forward when I was mowing and it 's no longer usable . I got it second hand from a friend for free , so the price was right , but I 'd never spend my own money on one . The next model up from the same company looks like a better design
 Very disappointing . Missing parts , wheel fell off , handles tore up , all during the first use .
 Who is willing to buy a new product that only has a 90 day warranty ? That is the typical warranty on used product . If the manufacturer has little faith in their product , then neither do I.
 I had to laugh at the experiences of my fellow push mowers . This mower laid me up for a couple of weeks with epididymitis . Fortunately I had did not have to use this mower most of the time . I do n't live in the US and have a sturdy 60 year old tough farmer to push this difficult push mower . I had a few good laughs watching him cut grass with this mower . I thought at one time he was going to hitch it up to his personal donkey to pull this difficult pusher through the grass.We 've used this mower for several years decided one day to put my hand to the handle and give it a go.It was tough.I gave the mover a running start and pushed it though the grass to the other side . I did cut some grass but one pass was not going to cut it . I made several passes over the same place without much noticable difference.A day or two later my groin began to hurt and was sore for several weeks . The mower is now busted with striped gears . So my fellow push mower brethern , should I repair this mower or bury it ? I think I know how you would reply .
 I ordered this mower and received a completely different one from Amazon a week later - I got the orange American brand mower that other reviewers received as well . When I spoke to customer service after the first one arrived , they told me that probably there was just as error with the picture on the site so not to get my hopes up about receiving the mower I ordered.Really , Amazon?I took my chances and returned it for exchange-and got another orange American brand mower.Also I had to argue and send multiple emails before getting upgraded to faster shipping for the replacement , even though the mistake was on amazon 's end and I had been waiting for my mower for about two weeks by then . At this point my grass was overtaking my dog , so I just put it together and used it . It works fine so far , though the foamy parts on the handles are ripping , but I guess I 'm vain - I wanted the blue mower I ordered!If I could give this experience no stars , I would , but in the sense that I received a mower that cuts grass , even though it was n't the one I ordered and paid for , it was n't a completely worthless experience.I will , however , be making all my non-book purchases locally from now on .
 THIS WAS NOT A GOOD PURCHASE FOR ME , I HAVE A SMALL YARD AND DID N'T EXPECT SUCH A HARD WAY TO PUSH THE MOWER ... I AM NOT SOME CRYING CONSUMER I 'M 6 ' 1 220 POUNDS AND CAN MOVE OR PUSH JUST ABOUT ANYTHING BUT THIS WAS MORE WORK THAN EXPECTED AND THEN THE HANDLE BROKE ON ME AND THE WARRANTY HAD EXPIRED I WAS HOPING TO REPLACE THE HANDLE AND NOT THE ENTIRE MOWER MY NEIGHBOR HAS THE SAME EXCACT SAME MOWER AND HERS CUTS LIKE I WISH MINE DID , WE SHARE A LAWN AND HER MOWER CUTS BETTER THAN MINE HAS EVER ... I AM HOPING TO FIND A HANDLE FOR THIS MOWER
 I would not buy it as it does not do a good job at cutting the grass .
 Unfortunately , I let my grass grow too long all the time . This item was worthless to me so I returned it .
 Well , it does cut the grass , but do n't let it get too high or you will have a hard time getting it too mow . By too high I mean anything over about 3 '' . Will not cut all grass , leaves a lot behind that it will not cut .
 I have small strip of grass to cut 18 '' x 100 ' , so I thought this would be perfect , but I have to mow it 4 times in every direction to cut it ! It needs a running start for any long grass too . A nightmare ! I 'm going electric .
 It cuts the grass well but many times unevenly . There is no tray to collect thr cut grass and it gets scattered around .
 This mower is for townhome 's and condos only . If your yard is over 60 ' by 60 ' feet , you need a different mower . Do n't let the grass get to high or mower is hard to push . Also , you must cover lawn several times because it leaves strips here and there that did n't cut . I wonder if they even sharpened the blades ? I wouldn ' buy this product unless your retired and have a very small lawn .
 American Lawn Mower Company 1204-14 14-Inch Deluxe Hand Reel MowerThis mower did not work out . It was extremely hard to push and did not cut grass well . It clumped the grass clippings and what it dut it cut unevenly . I do not think even someone quite strong would be satisfied with its performance . I have used push mowers previously and this one just does n't serve the purpose .
 Just purchased this lawn mower , and spent an hour assembling it . -LRB- BTW watch out you do n't lose a finger on the blades as you try to attach the handle -RRB- . After putting it together , tried mowing small patch of grass about 3-4 inches high . Worst job I have ever seen of cutting grass . Did n't even really cut it -- just tore it . I adjusted blade height to both extremes , and it made no difference . It cuts about 12 inches worth of ground , then chokes . I 'll have to go the the store and buy a small electric mower , I guess .
 I really dont know why this company would bother to manufacture such a piece of junk . It didnt cut the grass , it fell apart within minutes . I 'm sorry I wasted my time and money on this item . It really dosent deserve the 1 star . I feel like I would be leading someone on to maybe give it a try , and it would probably be someone like me who really cant afford to lose the shipping costs .
 I 'm disappointed in the lawn mower I received . For one it is shown in blue , and I received it in orange . It does not cut the grass properly , and the reel catches on the bottom plate . It has to be turned manually to get it started again . The price is too high for the quality .
 I am not sure what kind of grass the folks that gave this product 5-stars have . But it was extremely difficult for me to cut my modest front yard -LRB- 10 x 15 -RRB- which was just a little grown out . Basically it cuts about 8-12 inches of lawn , then the blades catch and get stuck on all the clumped up cuttings . This was not a matter of strength or momentum , as pushing harder only served to make the mower slip over the grass . The only way to get the blades un-stuck is to tilt the mower back so the cuttings fall out . With this , it also left a lot of uncut spots , so you have to go over the same areas several times . I had to repeat this process again and again for over an hour just to to get my little front yard done.Once the grass has been trimmed down a little bit , it does work smoother . Unfortunately , I am too busy to be out mowing every few days . I need a mower than can handle a couple weeks of growth . Also , it 's pretty terrible on edges , the grass wo n't seem to cut no matter what . Note that I did change and try different height settings and blade tightness -LRB- neither of which is not easy to adjust -- you need screwdrivers and wrenches -RRB- , and no adjustment made it any easier . Please read other one-star reviews which detail many of the same problems . If this mower was $ 20 I would n't complain , but I expect more from a $ 70 product . Might as well spend more for an electric mower .
 i do n't know how the other viewers possibly able to push this thing . i tried and it was like pushing a car that 's stuck in mud . my friend tried . and my friend 's response
 I really wanted to like this mower , especially as I 'm somewhat of an eco-friendly person . And I 'm sure that , under the right conditions , it is fabulous . But for my average-sized St. Augustine grass lawn in Houston , Texas , this mower was one big pain in the tookus.Here , the grass grows very quickly , thanks to our hot and humid summers . The mower was not able to handle one week 's worth of growth without leaving about every third blade untouched . Even doing multiple passes hardly helped . I also tried various height settings , but it had no real effect.I tried mowing slightly more often , but the overall quality of the lawn cut barely improved . -LRB- Sorry , I do n't have the time or the inclination to mow more often than every 5 days , nor do I want to have to take multiple passes over the same stretch of grass to ensure that all the grass gets cut . -RRB- So maybe on a small lawn , on a certain kind of grass , where the climate does not cause rapid lawn growth , this mower is what you need . But not in Southeast Texas , nor should I think anywhere in the Deep South .
 I had seen a bad review on this mower , but bought it anyway . Big mistake . It will not cut medium tall or slick type grass or weeds . The good news is I kept my 1960 's push mower . Because after I used the Scotts mower , I had to re-mow with the antique . I used the mower 3 times , but gave up . I am embarrassed to sell it , because it is a piece of junk . Will probably leave out on my lawn and hope someone steals it .
 I really wanted to enjoy using this mower . I love the sound of a reel mower , they are supposed to be better for your lawn , and I liked the environmental aspect . However , it did not turn out to be practical for our yard . At 100x140 feet , it takes us about 2 1/2 hours for us to mow it with our current electric mower . With the reel mower , it took twice as long . Our lawn , if you want to call it that , is very weedy , and the reel mower just did n't cut the tougher ones . We also have a lot of tree debris on our lawn such as pine needles , cones , twigs , etc. . Our electric mower goes right over them , chopping them up . The reel mower was constantly just stopping when debris got caught in it . And we were n't about to spend more time raking the lawn before mowing it ! We finally sold it to a couple who just bought a townhouse and only had a little patch of a new lawn . For that circumstance , this mower might be fine . Otherwise , if you are concerned with emissions from gas mowers , I 'd recommend an electric or rechargeable one .
 This mower mows great . It 's actually easier to use than a gas mower . If only the handle was as great . Assembling the handle , it seemed very flimsy with no way to tighten the bolts further , and what bolts there were seemed insufficient . I hoped for the best , but the handle completely fell apart the first time I used it . It is now duct taped together just so I can get through one mow . Very disappointing .
 The mower was hard to push from the start . However , after I mowed the front yard with help from my daughter -LRB- we took turns because it was so hard to push -RRB- , the next day I tried the back yard and overnight the lawnmower became even harder to push and made a loud , grinding noise when pushed . I think something was missing from the mower , like ball bearings or something .
 I really wanted a 20 '' mower so that I would not have to make as many passes . But this does such a poor job of cutting that I have to make at least four passes -LRB- 2 going north/south , 2 going east/west -RRB- over each square inch of my lawn to make any difference at all . After the first pass , you look back and can see the wheel tracks , but you ca n't really see any difference in the grass height between what is uncut and what you supposedly just mowed . And the safety guard -LRB- on a push mower ? really ? -RRB- on the front does a great job of knocking down tall grasses so that they slip underneath the mower , never to be cut.I 'm not sure if there are better reel mowers out there , but save your money and avoid this one . Scotts should be ashamed to have their name on this .
 Every time that I mow the lawn with this , I am thinking `` I hate this thing , I want to throw it in the road and let a car run over it so that we can get a proper mower . '' I have a tiny lawn too . My wife talked me into this mower and now I really regret it now that I have to mow the law with this thing.I do n't mind so much the work out that you get while pushing this bugger up hills ... it is the principle of putting so much hard labor into mowing your lawn and then still having tall , scraggly weeds left behind after passing twice over one spot.If you have a perfect lawn that is 100 % weedless and you have the time to mow twice a week , this mower will probably be fine . If you have any sort of shoots or dandy lions coming in that are taller than your grass , this mower will just pass over and leave them standing tall and proud taunting you and your sissy mower . Forget about mowing any tall and thick grass ... you will need a team of horses to pull it through.I am going to try to sharpen the real to be razor sharp ... hopefully this helps but I would rather just get something that gets the job done . Sadly , I will have to use this for the next couple of years and it makes me really depressed . Hopefully if I complain enough , my wife will let me get an electric mower at the least.Pros
 As stated by another reviewer the pinon gears in the wheels gave out in only one season . Our local repair shop said that Scotts will not provide replacements . We called Scotts directly and got them to send us the parts but when they give out again we will be looking for a new mower .
 I do n't understand these other reviews . I bought this reel mower after turning over a new leaf to be more environmental . I was not expecting mowing my medium sized lawn to be as easy or quick with a reel mower as with my gas powered mower , this was a personal decision . My first complaint is this was not an easy assembly . I read the directions before attempting to assemble this product . In another lifetime I was a small engine mechanic , so I 'm relatively experienced at product assembly . It still took over an hour . Perhaps I was unlucky in my purchase , but these parts did not fit into one another . And yes , I had read these reviews prior to assembly and used some dish soap . In retrospect I find that to be an odd statement in a review that claims this product is easy to assemble . I smell the manufacturer . In any event , after assembling this product I begin its use . And it does cut grass , even long grass , just fine . But it stalls , often painfully if you are pushing hard , on every little stick , pinecone , and other obstruction in my lawn . I spent an entire month trying to adjust the blade to allow small objects through and still cut grass , with very little luck . I returned this mower . I like the idea , but I 'm afraid I will save for an electric .
 I bought it recently but got dissapointed with it immediatley . Assembly is easy . Not very heavy but it requires incredible force for slightly longer grass . The angle of the push handle is not optimum and can not be adjusted . I am 5 ' 4 '' and found it extremely hard to push it . Had to return it after an hour of use . Realised it is not for me .
 This was difficult to put together , bad construction of stamped out parts . Does not cut good . Handle to high for average person , you need to be at least 6 ` tall to use . Not easy to use . I would not recommend it to the average person . I have returned mine .
 Like others , I bought this as an environmentally friendly -LRB- and space-saving -RRB- lawn option . Only problem - it does n't work well!It 's hard to push , cuts very unevenly , and does n't cut weeds at all . My lawn just looks embarrassing after I 've used this mower , like I cut it using a pair of old scissors . Every little thing gets stuck in the reels and makes it stop suddenly.I honestly wish I 'd just gone ahead and bought a `` real '' mower ... that 's what I have to do now anyway .
 I gave up my electric mower with great expectations of being more environmentally friendly . Based on my memories of mowing lawns as a teenager , I purchased the Scott 's 2000 20 inch mower and used it twice . What a disappointment . This mower is a poor replica ... it can not cut thick , damp grass , nor tall grass . It 's light weight causes the mower to jump on uneven ground and slide on damp grass , leaving an uneven cut . The cutting blades frequently jam from too much grass or from tiny twigs that other mowers break apart . The handle bar is wobbly even after being tightened as much as possible . This mower is not recommended for northwestern lawns . I 'm replacing it with an electric mower .
 I liked the whole idea of not paying for gasoline and not having to maintain a power mower . When this mower arrived , I found that the reel was adjusted so tight that it could not even be moved . The instructions said that it was properly adjusted by the factory . It was n't and after considerable work on my part I managed to get it to work fairly well . It does take more effort to push this mower and I would n't advise someone to use it if they are not in good physical shape .
 I bought this mower from amazon for 100 with free ship , right before the price went up 20-25 . I have used the mower 10 times on my medium sized lawn.Pros : - Reasonably priced even at 125 - Easy to push in a straight line - Quiet - No nasty fumes - Fairly fast -- Does not take significantly longer than a gas mower assuming your lawn is clear of debris and not overgrown . - Takes up less space than a gas mower - Light enough to carry up steps , ~ 30 lbs . - 20 inch large width is better than the smaller sizes.Cons
 I 've had many gas powered mowers in the past , but since I now have a smaller lawn I wanted to go green . I seriously considered the Brill but could not justify the cost , maybe I should have . This mower would probably be best on a perfectly flat lawn , but I was not granted one so I usually have to double cut it . I have had this for just over 2 years and have to say it does just an OK job , but what really ticked me off is the fact that the handle is a POS , both sides cracked within minutes of each other and no amount of duct tape would fix it . Thankfully my dear old dad had an old reel mower -LRB- probably 50 years old -RRB- and I was able to take the handle off and bend it a little to fit this one . The new handle is made of steel and not cheapo aluminum and should last a good while .
 The majority of reviews for the reel mower gush the way people gush for Susan Boyle , and while the reviewers may be perfectly sincere in their gushing , I feel they err when they suggest you immediately wrangle a mower for your yard , with few or even no caveats.There are many , many caveats that need to be issued . Even though I 'm pretty environmentally-friendly minded , the Scotts reel mower tests my limits of endurance . Here 's my particular situation :1 . In excellent health , exercise regularly2 . 5000 square feet of lush , thick Saint Augustine in my yard3 . Southern clime with frequent rainfallThe benefits have already been listed in other reviews . Before I start my grumbling , I should note that the mower is well made , light yet sturdy , with little maintenance necessary . Under other circumstances , I might be perfectly happy with the mower . -LRB- UPDATE
 I received my Scotts 20-Inch Push Reel Mower # 2000-20 yesterday and promptly assembled it . I was surprised to see the entire mower was packed in such a small box . After opening I was pleased by the quality of the actual mower , but completely baffled that Scotts included such a flimsy handle.I assembled the handle and could not believe how cheap it looked and felt . I would think a mower would require a strong and sturdy handle to push it around , especially a reel mower . It seems clear the money I spent all went toward the mower and the handle was a mere afterthought.I was also in disbelief over the c-clamp pieces used to keep the handle attached to the mower . They were small and made of cheap metal ... I feared I would bend it or break it trying to connect it to the mower.I gave the mower a chance in the yard and while the blades worked well , the handle would twist and bend as I pushed the mower in different directions over the course of the yard.Although I love the mower itself , the lack of a quality handle prompts me to send it back immediately . How hard would it be for Scotts to produce a nice handle in one piece and ship it in a separate box?Scotts cut way to many corners on this product . I would fire the design team that created the handle for this product and promote the person who managed to sell them on the design ... they were able to take something poorly done and make it look `` great ''
 I tried this product with the hope of zero-emissions lawn mowing . It does a great job on the grass , but when it comes to weeds -LRB- dandelions , for example -RRB- , they just slip underneath and come right back up . After almost an hour of mowing and going over the same spot more than once , the lawn continued to look pretty rough . Finally , a neighbor offered to try her regular mower , and it took only 20 minutes to get a much cleaner cut.I will try an electric model next ...
 After reading all of these positive reviews , I thought this mower would be the best for me . I just bought a house with a much smaller lot -LRB- 0.11 acre -RRB- and thought this would save me the trouble of maintaining an engine and having to keep gas around . I also figured Al Gore would be happy , too . But I 've tried it a few times and am not satisfied.I could see this working fine if you have time to cut your lawn every time your grass grows a half an inch . But if you , like me , ca n't get to the lawn quite that often , this mower does n't do a good job . I could have done a better job with my weed-whacker . I the grass is n't standing straight up , it does n't cut it . Gas mowers have a suction from the blade that makes the grass stand straight up so it can be cut evenly . Reel mower 's do n't . So my grass looks like a 5 year old who tried to cut his hair on his own . I tried even going over it a second time in the opposite direction , with slightly better results , but not that much better.I can also say , having used gas push mowers in the past , this is much harder to push . Maybe that 's because my grass is longer than it should be , but I do n't have the time to cut the grass ever other day.So if you have a small yard that you maintain meticulously , this may be OK . But this might not be the lawnmower for all people with small yards .
 I bought the Scotts push reel mower to get some exercise - it sure succeeds in providing it . The quality of lawn cut is so poor that I have to go over the yard twice to get a decent cut . The lawn grass is generally cut , but much ` trash grass ' seems to avoid being rolled into the cutter blades . I have had to adjust the blade clearance - not easy to do without stripping the bolts . The mower is also very susceptible to being jammed by twigs or mulch , which causes frequent interruptions . The low-quality handle grip deteriorated within three months of use . Overall , I regret the purchase .
 Easy as using a gas-powered mower ? Hardly ! Look
 The good is that it was easy to assemble.The bad news is that it is worthless on my Florida lawn.It will not cut Bahia shoots and the St. Augustine grass is too thick for it.I tried to call the # 800 customer service line for suggestions at least six times but the line was always busy .
 I bought one of these for a small sized lawn in coastal SC . My lawn has St Augustine grass and like many others with 2-star ratings for this item , I found the cut to be inconsistent and uneven . I mowed at least weekly and still had to go over sections several times and the cut usually remained uneven . However , I liked the quiet and the idea of no-gas mowing . I took the mower to an experienced sharpening service and they had a heck of a time with the mower . I did not know that the blades were supposed to free-wheel some when I cut and so had been working harder than I should have . The sharpening service could not get the mower adjusted properly even though they sharpen several of these types of mowers each month . They gave me back the mower and did not charge me . I have tried to adjust it myself - it works about as well as it did before I took it in , which is to say , not great . I think I am going to get an electric . I would rather hassle with a cord than deal with the mediocre cutting and tempermental adjustments .
 My mower arrived damaged from Amazon -- which has now promptly processed a return
 we just got the package from UPS . we opened the box and found that the lower bar is rusted !!! :-LRB- it 's wrapped in plastic and the rust is all over inside the package and the bar . i am so sad and disappointed . i ca n't rate if it works any good because now we have to spend more money and buys some rustolium . so we have n't put the mower together yet . i just hope it works super good . just wanted people to be aware of the rust problem . i 'll give an update about how good it works/or not later . thanks for reading .
 The handle snapped on me the first summer I bought this thing . The same thing happened with the last one I bought and I had to order a replacement part . Now I wrap everything in duct tape to give it extra strength , but I should n't have to . Not for this price . Customer beware .
 I bought this mower last season and was pretty happy with the way it cut grass initially . But towards the end of the season one of the rear wheels came off . I have never been able to put it back on -LRB- and I consider myself slightly handy . . -RRB- and the second wheel is also coming apart . Like others have mentioned , the handle becomes lose and comes off frequently , but that can be easily fixed and is not big of a deal . But the rear wheels , you cant use it w/o them .
 Mower is okay , but the handles are defective . Part number 31098-3 is defective and breaks in approximately one season . If you have a bumpy lawn , it will break even faster . Unfortunately , there are two 31098-3 parts in the upper handle assembly , one on the left and one on the right . After the right one broke , I tried to get one online at -LSB- ... -RSB- . The website has a hack that will not let you check out . When your cart is full and you hit the Check Out button , it forces you to log in again . This means you can never check out . I informed -LSB- ... -RSB- customer service this was the case , but they did not fix or even reply . I duct taped the two cracked pieces together and modified how I pushed the mower . Today , the left handle failed in the same place as before . I tried the website again , but it still has `` Checkout dysfunction . '' The handles fail simply because they are cheap thin aluminum . If you buy this product , be prepared to fool around with handles , `` Checkout challenged '' websites or more expensive handle repair kits here -LRB- $ 9.50 + tax & shipping -RRB-
 Dreams are nice , but reality is a different story . I love the IDEA of this man-powered mower . The idea of quiet . The idea of no pollution . The idea of a good workout . Well , this mower delivers on all those things , but also something that I did not consider or want . Namely , the quality of the cut . This is a new mower with OLD technology . Picture the difference in quality between a letter printed on laser-jet vs. banged out on an old IBM typewriter . Basically , this 2009 mower does as a poor a job as the one I used 30 + years ago . You pretty much have to crisscross your lawn to get a decent cut it will still be uneven with LOTS of tall pieces poking through . So the workout is good , but the job takes MUCH longer than I wanted it to . And the result is tolerable , but not impressive.As for the mower itself , I 'm generally impressed with the quality of the reel , wheels and lower body . But the handle , as mentioned in other reviews , is a joke . It reminds me of a wire hanger .
 The problem with this mower is that the cutting blades do not turn easily . This results in a lot of skipping when you push it . The problem is compounded by the configuration of the junction of the blades and wheels which makes lubrication very difficult .
 I bought this mower to stop using a gas-powered mower because each gallon of gas you burn puts 20 LBS of Co2 in the atmosphere . My only problem is that this mower is horrible at cutting grass . I even took it for service and had it adjusted and sharpened by a professional and it still wo n't cut gras . I would not recommend the Scotts mower .
 This mower was wonderful when we first got it . When it sits for any amount of time , the blades become rusty and stiff . With time it became more and more difficult to push , requiring far more muscle than I have . Even after sharpening and adjusting , it works poorly . Scotts is also quite poor in their follow-up customer service . I 've been on the phone with several Scotts people and no one can tell me where to take this thing to adjust it .
 I bought my mower in Spring of 2002 . I was excited about the ability to adjust the cutting hight . The one major drawback I have run into with this mower is that it will leave a ridge of uncut grass . I even went and got the blades sharpened and that did not help . I typically have to go over area a couple of times to get an even look .
 I had read good reviews about the Scotts Classic 20 '' push reel lawn mower , and then I saw one for sale at Orchard Supply Hardware -LRB- OSH -RRB- , out of the box and assembled . When I tried to push it in the mowing direction , it would not budge . I asked the employees about it , and they said that the cutting reel was too tight against the cutting bar blade , and they adjusted it to loosen it . I bought the mower and took it home and tried it out . The mower absolutely would not cut any grass at all . So I read the owners manual and I kept adjusting it and trying it out . Finally , when I made the cutting reel as tight as I could against the cutting bar blade while still allowing it to turn , it did an okay job of cutting most of the grass , but it still would n't cut some of the longer strands of grass , so I had to cut those by hand with clippers.The mower itself was fairly light , which I liked , but the handle seemed very flimsy . The 20 '' width is supposed to make it faster for you to cut your lawn , but it really makes no sense . If your lawn is big enough for you to worry about the width of the lawn mower , then you should n't be using a push mower . The 20 '' width just made it harder to cut the lawn in corners and tight areas . After a few months , the rubber grips on the handle fell apart . After a few more months , the flimsy handle broke.I strongly recommend that you do not waste your money on this mower .
 Maybe it is the type of grass that grows on my lawn , but this mower does not work at all . I was hoping for a ` green ' alternative to mowing , but this is n't it . I thought maybe I had it assembled wrong . I checked and rechecked instructions three times , but nothing . It has not so much as cut a blade of grass in its lifetime . Totally useless . I wish I could give it zero stars .
 Unless you have a lawn that is free of obstacles , whether that be bushes , trees , etc do NOT buy this product . It does n't let you get close to the edge of anything and you have to repeatedly go over the same area multiple times to cut all the grass . Also , any landscaping debri left on the lawn will immediately jam the reel and you waste time unplugging the mower . I was all for not having to mess with a gas mower , but only a select few with a perfect -LRB- small -RRB- yard will find any use for this thing ...
 It seems obvious that the other reviews are written by dealers trying to sell these things that they have in stock.If this was a wonderful perfect world it might all work.Unless every blade of grass is a certain height and you mow on the right day , this will give terrible results . I rent and have several types of grass in this yard , nothing I can do about it!Well you can sure tell the differentce when you finish -LRB- if you want to call it that -RRB- mowing . Each variation is amplified visually with they way this mower cuts . . if at all.I HAVE used these mowers before on really nice grass . They do work.But unless you have very uniform conditions . Stick to a gas mower.Now I have both and no market to rid myself of this Scotts Pusher.Nobody wants it and I ca n't show them how nice it works . . because I have odd grass . I wish the others had been more honest about them in the reviews . I would have known it was not good for my lawn .
 This mower is worthless . You 'll want your money back just like I did . It has a flimsy , cheapjack handle and cuts about every third blade of grass that you go over . Your lawn will look like the worst haircut you 've ever seen and that 's after you have gone back over it several times . Also the after market grass catcher misses over half the grass tossed back to it.Stay away and try a lower end gas mower from Lowe 's or Home Depot .
 All this thing does is push the grass over so the `` mower '' can pass over top of it . I have togo over an area many times and never get an even cut . Do n't waste your money !
 1 week after purchasing the mower and after 4 uses the reel would not turn any more . Something was broken or the reel was in need of adjustment . After 2-3 hours of work adjusting the reel and still no rotation I sent the item back . There was something else wrong that could not be fixed by me . Besides , a mower in need of adjustment that soon is n't very practical .
 First of all , I had to spend hours tio put the lawn mower together ! Then , when you try to use it , the screws come apart and the mower falls apart . I had to take it apart to return it to TARGET who then refused to take it back bec it was beyond their 90 day cut off , even though I had the receipt ! Then I hjad to take it basck home . I called and complained to the Target Manager ! He told me to call Scotts directly . They are never there . But today I got through . They refuse to even handle the complaint bec it is manufactured by John Deere and they told me to call them ! Can you believe it ??? Now I 'm calling the TV Consumer Reporter . I am also going to sue them for my time . I charge $ 350.00 an hour as an attorney . We 'll see if any of these people understand the meaning of customer service ... Do yourself a favor and do n't patronize Target or Scotts !
 I bought the Scott 's reel mower because I 'm not fond of using gas-powered machines when cleaner alternatives are available , I have no aversion to physical labor , and I enjoy not being deaf . Though I really wanted to like it , after two months of use , I 'm throwing in the towel . Granted , if you 're lucky enough to meet a specific set of criteria you may find it in your heart to love this contraption . The last straw for me was when my wife got home from work and told me I needed to mow the lawn , despite the fact that I had only mowed it two hours earlier.PERFORMANCE
 Probably disgust is a better word . I bought this push mower at a local hardware store for ten dollars more than its being sold here at Amazon . I followed the instructions to a T . The mower does not cut the grass . Even after hiring someone else to cut it down to even two inches ... I ca n't maintain the lawn with this mower . Tried returning it to the hardware store , and they took over the thirty days to fix it , and even if they dismantled and reassemebled it , thinking that I had done it wrong , it does n't work . Need to make at least eight passes in the same path to get about ninety percent of the grass cut.THe one that I tried at the Aubuchon hardware store in town workds excellent . Bottom line ... some seem to work great , but I got stuck with ta lemon , with no help from the seller , or Scott 's . So , it sits in my shed , and is worthless . Wish that someone knew what to do with scrap metal , as that is all it is worthy of . Beware !
 I wanted desperately to love this mower . I remember my grandfather and several uncles had reel mowers that I would use as a child . There 's something about a reel mower that brings us back to simpler times . Plus , no gasoline is needed , they 're quiet , and you just might get some exercise.Then reality barges in
 First - does n't come with a grass catcher . Second , grass catcher they suggest and says fits this thing is about an inch too narrow - technically it fits , but not well . Third , even if it did fit , this design is horrible about projecting the grass into the catcher ! Also the mower is really bad as far as `` getting everything '' - expect to either mow your lawn 2 or 3 times , else do the push , backup , push , backup and go method.One other thing I did n't think of , but this is more to do with the basic design - this type of mower is really bad at handling any curves.Nice to save the gas and not have to worry about cords , but I hate to rake more . I 'm guessing this is why you never see a gardener using a push mower .
 First , I have to praise this mower ... In the right conditions , it cuts extremely well , and the grass really does look great and lush afterward . I especially like that it will cut damp grass . I like to mow early in the morning , so this is great for me.Some things you 'll need to consider before buying any reel mower , I imagine -1 . If your grass is the least bit grown up , it does take a lot more elbow grease than a traditional gas mower -LRB- you have to kind of `` dig '' at it , or else it will just lay the grass down -RRB- . If you can manage the go over your lawn before it has any significant growth , cutting with this mower is a piece of cake . Even uphill , in my opinion .2 . It will NOT cut most weeds ... particularly onion grass .3 . The denser the grass , the easier to cut . It cuts through clover with even more ease .4 . If you have lots of pinecones , sticks , and especially , sweetgum balls , you almost definitely will not like this mower . Almost anything will clog the blades , and you 'll have to stop and remove it by hand . If you have sweetgum balls , you 'll be doing this 90 times a minute . For me , it 's worth the trade off , but probably not for most . -- Now , my beef with this particular mower . It has been FALLING APART since the very first use . First , it was the handle . The plastic wing nuts lasted all of five minutes before coming loose -LRB- and inevitably , getting lost somewhere in the yard -RRB- . So , we replaced them with longer bolts and metal nuts ... Still , no matter how we much we tightened them , they came loose with light use . So , my husband welded the entire handle together , and it 's fine now ... obviously , haha.Though I 've only used this mower about three times now , the left wheel and the adjustable height plate are now coming loose . So we tightened them both as much as possible , and with very little use , they 're as loose as they were to begin with . The wheel and plate are pretty much just dangling on the end of the mower , yet the screws are still so tight that you ca n't turn them by hand . Go figure.So yeah , if you 're willing to weld the entire mower together , it 's fantastic . No sarcasm intended .
 I have a small yard in Florida ; Bahaia grass -LRB- mostly , the neighbor 's St Augustine is creeping into my yard -RRB- ; & I got the mower today . I also wanted to use less gasoline and get some functional exercise . I wanted to use the 3 '' setting . I did , but the grass was cut shorter . Having to press down on the handle with significant force to get it to move forward , and it still slid across the grass with wheels not spinning . : -LRB- I 'll look for real wheels to put on it . The wheels that come on it are probably left overs from some toy manufacturer , and they got a good deal for them ... they are not suited for a mower . I hope I can mod it , with upgrade wheels -LRB- wheels that actually get traction -RRB- . I came on to mention the bad wheels and find the other reviews about the plastic part that has worn/broken on other 's mowers . Shazbot . It would seem even if I got better wheels , the inner plastic part mentioned in the other reviews has a very short lifespan . Well ... . back to using the plug-in weedwacker .
 * UPDATE 3 * Two years later ... This mower lasted us about two seasons . The foam handle is beginning to fall apart like other reviewers stated . But the big issue that renders this mower now useless is that the metal arm broke where it is screwed onto the lower half metal piece . Not sure if we were using it too harshly or if the metal was n't too high quality ? I would still recommend this mower for anyone who is interested in purchasing it and does n't not have too large of grassy area to mow . It 's reasonably priced and gets the job done . * UPDATE 2 * A couple of the reviewers talked about the trailing wheel/height adjuster coming loose . There is a 3 yr limited warranty on the mower . If you call customer service they will send you replacement parts for free . I just ordered them , so do n't know yet if it works but will let you know . But as the customer service number is ONLY on the manual and not online here is the number
 It was a decent cutter . I would have continued to use it had the top section of the handle not broken off . Were the top section is bolted to the lower the aluminum tubing is actually flattened and rounded to the lower section , drilled and bolted to it . The handle sheared off just above the bolts , it is not repairable . Buyer beware . Not sure what my options are at this point.Did a bing search on the matter and found right away that Scott 's -LRB- American Mower -RRB- is repairing the broken handles and have since redesigned . This is cut from a blog out there , I just called and they are shipping me a handle , took about 2 minutes . `` I saw all the coplaints about the handles on the Scott 's Classic 20 '' mower and immediately got discouraged . I called Scott 's from the number at -LSB- ... -RSB- and was transferred to -LSB- ... -RSB- . I left a message describing my problem and then called back to see if I would talk to someone . As it turns out they will replace the handle -LRB- with a sturdier build -RRB- free of charge and ship it to you . ''
 Worst mistake I have ever made . It just does not cut the grass properly . It just pushes it over and cuts about 10 % . Which I could return it .
 I need a gas mower.I tried this mower , but a gas powered mower is so much easier . Not sure what type of grass this mower is suited for but I live in South Calif , and the grass on our lawn is a normal blade , but not a thick mat . Trying it out on a somewhat damp day , some of the grass just folded over . I did try and run over it three or four times , which helped , but kind of a pain ... just wanted to get it over with quick.Even had a problem with the grass catcher that they shipped with it -- kept falling off ... the lowest setting on this mower was n't low enough.Now I need to buy a gas powered mower ... anyone want to buy mine ? ...
 Small , smooth lawn , devoid of sticks ? Maybe ... Mine 's over an acre , rough , with tons of sticks -LRB- mature oaks and hickory -RRB- . I broke my 55-pound Agri-Fab mower 's handle and bought one of these as a replacement . Trashed it within 4 weeks . Stripped gears , cracked one of the plastic wheels . Should have done my homework - pun intended .
 Probably better suited for a small lawn -- particularly if you cut it regularly . If you neglect to cut your grass one week and let it grow tall , you will likely have a hard time cutting it with this mower . In addition , if your terrain is even slightly uneven , the wheels of this mower wo n't maintain contact with the ground . Since the blades are driven by the rotation of the wheels , the blades will stop or slow momentarily as the mower bounces up and down on uneven ground.I ended up returning this item and purchasing an electric mower instead . Still , this would not be a bad mower for some yards .
 This was the worst push mower ever ... I was never able to cut my grass with it ... I thought it would be great because I do n't have much grass ... I live in a townhome . It only flatten the grass thats all ... It was just taking up space in my basement ... I finally donated it to Goodwill ... buying this was nothing but a waste of my hard earned money ...
 If you are a woman this thing requires a lot of arm force . This was 22 inches , I should have tried the 16 inches if that would have made it any easier . If you push this lawn mower forward , it does not move in a continuous motion , so I had to move this thing forward and then backwards to cut grass . You should definetly get a grass collection container for the back because too much grass will land on the already mowed lawn and it is not easy to pick up . the grass does not cut evenly , it could work for small lawns but I think my lawn was too large for this mower to handle , I was exhausted , when I mowed less than half of the lawn in one hour . I hope this helps anyone .
 I was very excited in hearing a lot of great reviews . Unfortunately , I was mislead . My troubles with the Scotts Reel mower is that It did not come factory ready . My mower did not cut evenly , missed grass , hardly touched the taller weeds and not to mention the rickety handle . I remembered using a reel mower when I was like 12 and worked great!The coolest part of this mower and the only reason I gave it two stars is . For one you do n't need gas . The other is you can mow and still hear people , music , birds or what have ya.This mower has been a huge disappointment , when I can go out and buy a new push mower for $ 50 more . Maybe I just got a bad model but overall I 'm not happy and would not recommend this product to anyone . Thanks to all you people that have put youtube videos about the Scott 's Reel Mower this has been very helpful to me . It 's sounds like I 'm not the only one with issues .
 Do NOT buy this product . You 've been warned!A little over a year ago , I read all the glowing reviews on this `` mower . '' `` Great for the environment ! Never tune-up your mower , ever ! As easy to push as a gas-powered mower ! '' I 've used this over-priced trash for a year , and I hate it . It seemed like a cool idea , getting exercise , saving the environment , etc. , etc. . So what do n't I like about it ? 1 . It 's tiring to use . After fifteen minutes , I 'm sweating bullets . It takes longer to cut the grass compared to using a gas mower , but I expected that . I did n't expect to have to take breaks to recover for the next grueling session . If you use this for a significant period of time , make sure that you have medical insurance and your Last Will and Testament up to date .2 . The smallest of sticks will cause it to freeze up , and you will feel the transfer of energy right back into your arms . It 's an unpleasant feeling . One time , a piece of paper caused it to stop in place .3 . Any uneven sections of lawn , even the slightest bump , causes the `` mower '' to jump and miss cutting that area of grass . You can go around and around attacking the grass from different angles and you will go nowhere . I either have to go over the area with a grass trimmer or bend down and bite the grass off .4 . People have stopped their vehicles to ask me why I was using the mower . `` Is your other one broken ? '' Some have actually asked , `` Are you nuts ? '' In addition , you will not get any respect from your neighbors . Especially when they have to constantly view the results ! See item 5.5 . The lawn looks uncut . Actually , this `` mower '' cuts so poorly , they should call it a `` lawn comber '' , not a mower . And , as time goes by , the results get worse until the lawn looks horrible by the end of the summer . The grass blades look like they 've been ripped to different sizes . I cut the lawn with this trash at the beginning of Spring , and it looked so hideous , I bought an electric mower and could n't believe how good the lawn now looks .6 . You have to watch the mower carefully for loose screws and other hardware . It starts to fall apart quickly , and you will go crazy trying to get it back together . It makes a gas mower seem maintenance free . It 's cheaply made and looks like it was designed by Rube Goldberg on LSD.Don ' t get me wrong . I 'm not bashing all reel mowers . Just THIS ONE.Run ! Run away from the Scotts 20-Inch Push Reel Lawn Comber !
 So in Sept 2012 , I got in the market for a push reel mower and look where else but amazon . I do what I would usually do before purchasing a big ticket item . Look under the top 10 seller list then base my decision on the reviews . I was happy to see that this review received so much praise from Amazon Vine users . A little skeptic , but went ahead and bought it based on the number of positives and praying that it would work . This research method worked for me in the past , but far far off this time around . I am extremely discontent with this purchase and is sad to report this as my worst purchase of 2012 . -LRB- I bought alot ! from amazon -RRB- Just be wary that this required at least 40 lbs torque and muscle power to push this . Be advise that the handle is terribly engineered . You would have to constantly readjust/tighten it after each use . Also , a deal breaker , this does not work for me and required constant back and forth pushing in the same spot to get the cut . Also , tall single strand weed ? Good luck in getting it mow because this pos will not do it . It 's going back .
 My lawn is about a half acre , I have been using a motorized push mower on it for decades . I wanted to try a push reel mower for all of the standard reasons . I read dozens of the reviews here and was convinced that everything was going to work wonderfully.This mower was a nightmare ! I could pass over the same patch of grass ten times and there would still be some blades of grass and weeds that remained standing ! I did my whole lawn with this thing and I ended up with an abdominal wall strain -LRB- muscle pain in my lower abdomen that lasted for weeks -RRB- , and my lawn looked terrible -LRB- stray blades of grass everywhere -RRB- . I assembled it exactly as the instructions told me to , and the blades are sharp and lubed up as recommended . I followed all instructions carefully and this thing just does n't do a good job.Honestly , it does n't take a grand leap of logic to understand why this push reel mower ca n't compete with a power mower
 Bought this product when I got tired of our electric mower . My teenage sons have a lot of problems with it and mentioned that a neighbor stated that it looked as if a cow had chewed at our yard . Subsequent , mowing has gotten easier and better results , and the boys have developed more muscles . It was easy to put together and delivered quickly . Better for the environment and our health . But harder to manage and manuever than I had expected or remembered .
 UPDATED DECEMBER 2004 - 4 stars for mowing , but 3 stars overall because of the initial hassle.Once I got the mowever repaired , everything went well . I think I got the lemon of the batch straight out of the box . Once the height levers were repaired , the reels adjusted -LRB- probably some damage during shipping -RRB- , and the blades sharpened , this mower became very worthwhile.ORIGINAL - 1 starSince I love my yard , I was excited to receive the mower -LRB- March 2003 -RRB- and got it immediately out of the box only to find the height adjustment lever was damaged . No problem -- I returned it with no issue and got another . I have a postage stamp sized lawn of nice new sod and using the mower the fourth time mangled the lawn . Mutilated . It was awful . Turns out the bar the blades move past to cut the lawn had fallen way out of adjustment . Adjusting the bar is not as easy as it might seem , so I now have to drag the mower to the shop and wait possibly over a month before I get it back because it 's summertime here and there is a huge backlog of work . I read the reviews -- people love this mower . I just do n't get it . I hesitated to order a large item over the internet , but felt safe because so many people recommended it . Now I wish I 'd bought something locally so I could just return the lemon and get something decent .
 We really tried to live green by buying this product , but there are several problems with it . First , it takes way too long to mow the lawn with this . Second , it 's extremely hard to push this around , it just does n't mow easily , it 's a clunker . Third , you have to go over each section several times to get it even . Fourth , if you have n't given up and get done mowing , you then have to rake up all the grass clippings . I do n't recommend it . We ended up buying an electrical mower . It 's faster and easier . We also like the electric mower more than a gas powered mower because it 's quieter and it does n't use gas , two big pluses .
 The drive gear from the wheel to the metal axle is made of plastic and the small contact area failed after first season and now the blades do not spin . We have a quarter acre of sparse lawn and we did not abuse the mower . Dear manufacturer , cutting weight & cutting cost does not necessarily equal cutting grass . ;-RRB- ** Update
 I searched all over to find a push reel lawn mower for our yard . This one was listed as their top of the line product on their website so I figured I would buy it through Amazon -LRB- best price -RRB- . It came quickly enough , but since I got it it 's been nothing but trouble . The manufacturer must have poor quality control because I had nicks in the handle framing , loose nuts on the parts that came preassembled from the factory , and worst of all it keeps losing the e-clip from the right side -LRB- the E-clip holds the handles onto the base -RRB- . When I lost the first clip I figured I must not have put it on properly , but I carefully put them on afterwards and continued to lose two more before I went out and bought an o-ring to hold on the E-clip ! Since then I 've had no problems with it but jeesh , they could have drilled a cheap hole and included a carriage bolt , a couple of washers , and a wingnut for the amount of money I 've spent on replacement parts .
 I 've used this lawn mower for a little over a season . It worked okay the first season , but beware the plastic parts . It has a plastic pinion gear that just wore out . I 'm hoping to get a new one . If it 's replaceable , it will be very easy to replace , but it would also be frustrating to have to replace the pinion gear every season . It 's also a little too wide to accomodate most of the grass catching baskets sold .
 I could n't even push this mower around the yard once because it kept jamming . The lawn was reasonably short and free of debris . When it jammed the blade would pop up and hit the handle causing the whole unit to come to a halt . It had to be returned because it was not useable . When it did cut it did n't do a very good job . It did seem to be a bit damaged from shipping so that may have been part of the problem . I ordered the American 18 '' Reel Mower and I 'm very happy with it . The American works great and is better quality .
 I hate gas powered tools ! I bought this as a hopeful solution to that problem . Obstacles are a definite problem . The maneuverability is quite limited . With a gas mower you could tilt the back end up and over some small obstacles . That was n't the biggest problem . A little extra weed whipping to be done . The biggest problem is the quality of the cut . If your grass is not perfect plush growth like a golf course the cut will be OK not great . This mower is for people who LOVE grass . Not for people who HATE gas powered tools because you have to mow almost every other day . I hate mowing and grass . I mow mine down to the ground every time and hope it does n't rain so I wont have to do it again for 2-4 weeks . Some people coddle their grass . They think of it as a family member . They talk about their grass non-stop . They can have a discussion about bagging over mulching for over an hour . They have chemicals for weed control , ants , grubs , PH balance , feed . They seed and water regularly . They spend several hundred dollars every year on their lawns . Their passion for their grass is second only to their family . If this sounds like you , great ! It 's great to have a passion and this mower is for you . If you mow your lawn down to the dirt and curse at gas powered tools and HATE mowing . This mower is not for you .
 a friend bought this mower then found out it 's made in china then the handle broke . then it ended up in the garbage
 I 'm not sure how I missed that important point , but I did . I do n't see that clearly mentioned from scott 's , either . This particular model with the four wheels makes it nearly impossible to use on hills . It just does n't have the leverage to cut the grass . So I 'm back to the mower . One thing I will say is that it cuts well on flat surfaces , but it does require a bit more effort than I thought to push .
 This is starting the second full summer that I have owned this mower . I needed a mower and did n't want to buy a gas powered one because I did n't want the noise , the smell , the upkeep , or the gasoline prices . I also figured I could get a little exercise . Oh , and this mower did n't cost as much as a gas powered one did . Having relocated to Oklahoma , I had already been tagged as the new guy on the block that has some liberal viewpoints , so I was n't going to make friends and I had steeled myself for the glares about the mower . I got plenty of looks , but did n't mind them because I really enjoy the quietness of the mower.It would have helped if the mower worked better . I have a sycamore tree in the front yard . This tree drops little sticks all year round . My neighbor has a gum tree that drops little hard spiky balls . This mower does not like them . I 'm amazed at how the tiniest stick can lock the mower up and bring it to an instant halt . If you have trees in your yard that drop twigs do not get this mower . I also have a yard that is not in the best shape , so it has little holes , and bumps and dips . So the mower bobbles around quite a bit and the handle wiggles and flops a lot . Well , last week one side of the upper handle broke where it attaches to the lower handle . Today the other side broke . Pretty classic metal fatigue failure . So , now I have a mower that I ca n't push . Duct tape got me through the last 3 passes of the yard , and luckily I started with the front yard so it does n't look a mess from the street , but I 'm pretty disappointed with this mower.Last summer , a couple of the neighbors , after a few weeks of offering to let me use their mower , were actually asking if they could try mine . I did n't get them converted , but it was a start . Unfortunately , due to the cheap construction of this mower , it wo n't be winning any converts now , and it might even lose one . - of to try and buy parts .
 Lasted for one season . The handle just broke on both sides where the two parts of the handle meet . Very low quality metal.Too narrow , though most are . I 'd love to find one that 's about 30 inches wide .
 I was hoping this would be a good option for saving on gas and getting some exercise , but although this mower accomplishes both those things , it does a really poor job of cutting grass . I have to mow over some places multiple times , and this mower WILL NOT CUT DOWN A DANDELION . I have to go back and pull all of those up by hand . It also jams really easily with just small -LRB- 1/2 '' -RRB- pieces of bark or limbs . I gave it 2 stars because it always functions , and if something were to go wrong with my regular mower , I could use this one in a pinch . But as for saving fuel , it just is n't worth it . It takes me two hours to do my yard with this mower , whereas I can finish in an hour -LRB- or less -RRB- with my regular mower . An hour of my time is worth more than the $ 4 for a gallon of gas . I 'll pay the $ 4 and save time and aggravation .
 I so much wanted this lawn mower to work for us . We have an acre , with hills , and were even up for the work-out ... but it 's been a big disappointment . It only bends the crabgrass , weeds , and longer grass and does n't cut it . you 'll mow and it will look like you have n't . On a portion of our yard where we re-seeded last year and it 's lush and green with no weeds , it worked fine , but otherwise it was terrible . We 'd have to use gallons of weed killer - not so `` green '' - to be able to use this mower , and we 're not going to do that . Back it goes . Bummer
 The cutting portion of the mower seems well built and solid . The handle and arms of the product are terribly weak . Why would any engineer design such a poor quality handle ? The product is only as good as its weakest link and the handle scores a minus 2 and the mower scores a plus 4 giving a net score of plus 2 . This could be a great product with just a little more thought put into the design of the handle supports .
 I purchased this recently for a small lawn . But if the grass is even two inches high , the mower leaves uncut streaks requiring a second pass over these.Consumer Reports recently commented on this power and said to give it a pass as it does n't do a good job of cutting the grass.I 'm rather disappointed .
 Out of the box , this lawnmower cut grass only in the middle 14 inches ; 2 inches on the left side and 4 inches on the right side cut nothing . To advertise this mower as not needing sharpening for one minute , let alone for two years , is deceptive and a blatant lie . Could this be the reason the sharpening kit -LRB- for another $ 25 -RRB- is on 5-week backorder ?
 I just tried one of these out after taking back an electric Black and Decker mower because the cord kept coming out and the cutting path did not meet the wheels like with regular mowers . Unfortunately this reel mower had the same problem except it cut even less grass . To make matters worse the right side of the reel was hardly making any cuts and the section that was cutting -LRB- about 60 % mainly on the left side -RRB- missed a lot of grass even going over the grass several times.I ca n't believe manufacturers are not coming up with a non-gas engine design that actually works . I hate gas mowers , but after trying an electric and a reel , there is no choice in the matter unfortunately .
 There is a reason why we stopped using ` reel ' mowers many years ago . We should learn from history rather than repeat it . Buy a used ` real ' mower from Sears . They cost just as much as this mower .
 Cuts well , etc. ; but was missing some Nyloc nuts from the hardware baggie so my dad went to the store to get more . After assembly it was fine . But who needs that added hassle ?
 to heck with the enviroment , this will give you a heart attack if your lawn is bigger than 10 x 10 feet , im going back to gas fired and im getting a 24 hp zero turn , by the way there is no global warming ... and just sold the reel mower last week for 20 dollars at a garage sale .
 upon opening the box the VOC off-gassing was so intense , I just did n't want to deal with it . The box went back to Amazon .
 I was going to purchase this but wanted to verify the country of origin . I called Scotts who referred me to the Manufacturer . The manufacturer is American Lawnmower Company . Upon calling them I discovered that this item is made in China . Consequently I will not be purchasing this item and will continue searching for a suitable product made in the USA .
 I purchased this lawnmower when my front reel power mower got sick about one year ago.After trying to use it I immediately rushed to a repair shop to rejuvenate my old power mower and have n't regretted this decision . The Scotts is a piece of junk that is awaiting pick up by the garbage truck although it 's like brand new and runs ... if that 's the word for this cripple ... the way received . The reel did n't move continuously and cutting grass was n't its ' forte.For the past year it occupied space in my garage . If you 're looking for a space filler , this is the ideal non productive object . But do n't expect it to behave like a grass mower .
 I am 29 years old . I jog daily and weight lift . I regularly bench between 225-255 lbs . I HAVE TROUBLE PUSHING THIS THING AND IT GETS BOUND UP WHILE I AM FORCEFULLY PUSHING IT . I can just imagine what a person would go through if they bought this if they were older or not in tip top physical condition . By the way , this thing is n't quiet at all . Be prepared to mow your lawn 3 or 4 times before it cuts everything . I am personally selling my Scotts Reel Mower and buying a new gas mower .
 I purchased one of these mowers expecting it to give me a high-quality cut - after all , it was Scotts - and they make some wonderful lawn stuff . It was to replace a 16 '' cheap reel mower that did n't have a catch bag attachment . There were so many problems that I barely know where to start.Build - the mower went together in minutes . It was very easy , and to their credit , Scott 's included things like knobs instead of bolts . No tools were required.Cut Height - the package clearly says 1 '' to 3 '' cut height . The levers on either side of the mower were both set to the lowest cut - but the cut was about 2 '' on the left side of the mower - and 2.5 '' on the right side of the mower.Cut Quality - the yard looked worse after the cut than before . there were several reasons for this -LRB- one of which was the uneven cut height mentioned above . -RRB- It seemed to have a mind of its own , cutting some grass and not others . Maybe there 's a few adjustments that I could have made , but honestly - the whole thing was such a poor experience , I did n't see much point . Other reasons are that the wheels are pretty heavy on the grass - and it would leave tracks of pressed grass under the wheels . The grass was pressed so heavily that taking another pass at it , even from the other direction , still did n't cut these areas . The next morning , I had stripes of tall grass everywhere that a wheel had passed over . Having 4 wheels instead of two just seemed to aggravate the problem . One last problem is that with the 20 '' width , the blade would bridge over areas where there 's a high-point and a low-point - leaving the grass in between fairly tall . You 'd have to come at these areas directionally - but this was n't a problem with the 16 '' mower.Catch Bag Attachment - Maybe there 's a way to make the bag work better , but the metal sides of the one that I got would scrape against the blade . I would have to adjust it every few minutes . Also , the blades did n't throw the grass into the back of the bag , so I would have to stop every few minutes to push it to the back . Because the lawnmower didnt ' cut at the same height from right to left , the left side of the bag filled up fairly quickly while there was little grass on the right side.Mowing Experience - The mower seemed heavier and more sluggish to maneuver than I expected . Even though the 20 '' cut would mean that you can make fewer passes it seemed like more work and worse results than with my old 16 '' cheap mower.In any event - the whole experience wound up with me taking it all back apart -LRB- which took about the same time as putting it together -RRB- and shipping it back . Suffice it to say ... the grass is n't always greener - so I 'm going back to my 16 ''
 A Chinese factory worker forgot to weld on one of the two support pegs that hold the handle to the mower head . Despite a gaping hole where the peg should have been , they went ahead and dipped it in paint and sent it out . Quality control is apparently left to the end user of the product.Unfortunately for me , I bought it just before moving and by the time I got to assembling the mower , Amazon 's timeframe for returns had passed . Amazon was nice enough to give me something for the pain . Scotts is sending the entire side plate of the mower for me to replace after I disassemble the entire head.So , again , whatever you buy that comes from China make sure you check it out COMPLETELY as soon as you get it . But then , you knew that . You 're much smarter than I am!Added Note
 I bought this mower because I wanted to do my share for the environment and not have to worry about oil and gasoline . In that respect , this mower fits my needs . However , it fails in one minor aspect . The MOWING part of the push mower . It does a horrible job mowing the yard . I admit I do n't always mow once a week , sometimes it gets stretched out to once every two weeks on a busy couple weeks . If that happens every row will require three or four passes before it is done . If any weeds pop up you can forget out mowing them down . All you do is knock them over , only to have them pop up after you have passed them by . I am going to use this mower for the rest of the summer and try to get my money 's worth . Next spring I will have to break down and buy a gas powered mower .
 This cheaply made mower broke completely the third time I used it . Bolts began falling off the first time I used it , and tightening them did n't help at all . Scotts obviously manufactured this product for the minimum possible cost , and it shows in every detail of its design and construction . Save your money and buy from a manufacturer who is more committed to quality . This is a horrible product that they should be ashamed to sell .
 I have owned the Scott 's reel mower for 3 years . My yard is a little over 1/2 acre , so I get a good workout with it . I like the idea of a reel mower , but have had problems with the Scott 20 inch . I have gone through 3 handles , one a year . The quality of the metal is very poor . The mower does ok otherwise , but I tire of having to order replacement parts every year . If someone could actually make a quality mower that holds up I would really appreciate it.For now until my new handle comes in I 'm back to my gas mower .
 I recently cancelled my lawn service and decided to do the lawn myself - I had the service for seven years - so I gave my 3 year old Craftsman self propelled mower away to a friend.Well once I cancelled the srevice I needed a new lawn mower - I really did n't want to spend too much money and I liked the idea of a reel mower -LRB- GREEN - environmentally friendly etc. -RRB- I was very anxious to use the mower on my new lawn . At first I was very impressed with the way it worked - then the more I used it the flaws became clear.I have approx 5,000 sqft of lawn and a fairly steep hill in the front -LRB- that 's where the workout comes in -RRB- The cutting is extremley uneven - there are stalks of uncut grass all over the lawn , not to mention the leaves that are left behind - this type of mower does not pick up any debris - and the smallest twig will bring you to a sudden stop.The handle design is terrible ! very cheap and poorly designed.I really wanted this to be the Green solution for my lawn - however it just does not cut itI am looking to purchase a cordless soon
 I 've had this mower for almost 4 months now . I 'm really disappointed with the way it mows . The grass cutting was uneven . I 'd have to make several passes to even it out . My biggest gripe is the 3 + inch space it leaves when cutting grass right on the edge of the house . Those that rated this well probably had a flat and even area to mow .
 I loved the idea of lessoned my carbon footprint and used the mower this summer with glee even if the appearance of the lawn is less than perfect . After only using the Scott 's reel mower three months , the metal handle broke in half which makes it a useless piece of equipment . Severely disappointed and ca n't find the company web-site to complain or get a replacement part . A big waste of money even after extensive research before the purchase . BOO HISS !!!!!! I give up and will now have to buy a gas push mower . DRATS .
 When I connected the handle to the upper frame , it felt really loose and flimsy , no matter how tight I made the screws . I was fairly certain the frame would fall apart upon rigorous use , but , unfortunately , I never got the chance to find out as there were no holes to insert the screws to connect the upper frame to the lower frame . -LRB- Note
 I purchased this mower a couple of years ago along with flourescent bulbs , a Prius , automatic thermostats , attic insulation and a rake -LRB- instead of a leaf blower -RRB- . All are now in use ... except the Scott 's mower . I will put up with a LOT to realize an environmental bonus . My house is cold in winter and hot in summer . BUT - this mower simply did not work.There are comments in many reviews about it not cutting high grass . That was the worst part of this mower . It also did n't do a very good job on the regular grass . The only lawn I would think it would work on would be a uniform 4 '' swath of green . If your lawn looks like that when you are ready to cut , go for it . If higher , denser , thinner , or any other variety , it gives me great pains to not recommend this mower.So , what did I do ? I ended up looking for the lowest emission gas mower - a HONDA - and I mow half as much as I used to . For a while , I alternated between the Scotts and the Honda and that might work for you but I just got tired of getting all that exercise without seeing any results.If you can put up with it , good for you . It surely is better for the environment .
 Do not buy this product.I chose it because of the cutting width and height adjustments . The thing broke within the first hour of use . Amazon sent a replacement , and that one also broke , although after about 4 months of use . The two-year warranty is worthless , as they wo n't replace their defective product.This mower has a serious design flaw . The sprockets inside the wheels are made out of plastic . They get stripped by the metal of the blade-axel . Then they are totally worthless . After one breaks then the blade is turned only by the other side , putting more strain on it . It will soon break too.This was two separate units that broke . It 's not that I got a lemon . The product is worthless.Reel mowers are very nice . Choose another brand .
 We purchased the Scotts 20 '' Classic mower as an alternative to another noisy polluting push mower . We read the reviews on different mowers as well as general feedback on using a reel mower -LRB- i.e. . If you let your grass get really tall , it 's going to be a bear with a reel mower . -RRB- So we felt that we were making a pretty informed decision.Our experience with the Scotts mower has been very disappointing . First , the mower is difficult to adjust . The cut is not even and it will not cut thicker or tubular stalks like dandelions . In order to have a good looking cut , I have to go over each area twice . The handle on the mower is very flimsy and the rubber grip around the handle has started to tear.We have had the mower about a month.In fairness , we have zoysia grass in the better part of our yard which may not be a good match for this mower . However , the issues with it not cutting dandelion stalks and the flimsy handle are the basis of my low rating .
 The mower 's wide cutting path compared to other model compelled me to but it from -LSB- ... -RSB- . The mower has poor built quality such as handle tends to flex , the wheels are made of plastic , and the gears are also made of plastic.The adjustment for cutting near the wheels are very difficult to set properly , at least on mine . Apparantly , the wide cutting path means that the stationary part of the cutting bladeif it goes out of straight true with respect to the cutting blades would means more difficult adjustment than the narrower cutting path push movers . I have narrower push movers whichhave not had this problem . I have extreme difficulty in adjusting the cutting edge on this mower . This is very poorquaity mower . Stay away.When , I received it one of the cuting blade was longer than other blades , I had to grind down the blade to match the height of the other blade . Bad purchas on my part .
 I had made the change over to this mower to be a bit more eco friendly . Saw this at the Home Depot , and thought it would be worth a try.Essentially , you 'll have to mow over the lawn -LRB- 2 -RRB- times to get it to look respectable . I mean , I want to help the environment , but I do n't want to bake out in the sun . Going back to my gas mower .
 We bought this mower last summer planning on taking a greener approach to our lawn . In the end , it is a total disappoint , and I 'm in the market for a gas guzzler again . This mower does n't cut anything that is n't the softest blade of grass , tiny sticks will stop it up , and it leaves the yard looking uneven -LRB- and basically unmowed -RRB- . All in all , I 'm pretty disappointed .
 I have mowed with this mower 4 times now , and each time I have to go back through with my weed eater to cut down the longer blades . It gives a jagged cut that looks terrible . It refuses to cut some blades of grass no matter how many times you try to mow it . It 's great for exercise , but bad for mowing .
 I have a large lawn -- about 1.15 acres -- and was looking for a cost effective option to help with a very small patch of grass that was too small for my wide deck -LRB- i.e. , 52 inch -RRB- riding mower . Basically , I was looking for something to help mow under a children 's swing set and around some landscaping . After much research I settled on the Scotts 2000-20 20-inch push reel . I ordered one from Amazon at a price of about $ 75 . The box arrived after 2 days -LRB- prime subscription -RRB- and the item was easy to put together . I read prior reviews and was fully prepared for a `` work out '' when using this item . However , the push reel constantly locked up , and I spent 2-3 hours trying to get it to work with no luck . I also contacted Scotts for help . In the end I returned it . I would not recommend this item for any size lawn .
 I read several reviews about how well this mower worked in most grass types , to include St Augustine . When I pushed mower thru moderate height grass , only about 75 % of the grass blades were cut . I knew it would not cut weeds , but I expected a good cut on my grass . I am sending mower and sharpener , which I no longer need , back and will go back to my gas mower . I guess the birds will get used to the noise again .
 I read a lot of the 247 something reviews about this mower before buying it . Most people gave this mower 5 stars . Well , I have to agree with most of the other reviews of one or two stars . The thing that bothers me most about this mower is the fact that even though it is 20 in wide it really only cuts about 15 in wide path . It is hard to tell where you should line up the wheels coming back cutting another pass . The wheels do matt down the grass enough so that the blades of grass are still down when you come back on the next pass leaving the grass uneven . As others said , it looks like you gave your kid a haircut yourself and it is a bit choppy . I think they need to design this mower so that the blades are out in front of the wheels so they cut the grass before the wheels matt the grass down . Also , the handle set up is a bit rickety and not solid . Feels like the hardware is ready to fall out even though it is tightened as much as possible . The mower does make a bit of noise when the blades are spinning . A small twig on your lawn will bring this mower to a halt . If you have a small lawn under 2500 sqft and the grass does not matt down easily , and you are in fairly good shape then this mower will be ok for you . Otherwise , do n't expect a great cut with this mover .
 We wanted a no-gas alternative . At first we loved this . It was quiet and cut the grass fairly well . We definitely had to cut more often , almost twice a week compared to once a week with a gas push mower . After about the 4th time mowing with this the back small wheels broke off . We got a replacement and after a few more times they broke off again . We finally borrowed a gas mower to finish the season . We 're shopping for a gas mower now unfortunately . This one just did n't do the job , and it was pricey I felt .
 When I first got the mower , it was easy to assemble and easy to start using . The mower never felt terribly sturdy , and it did n't cut terribly well -LRB- left a lot of higher grass standing even after multiple passes in different directions -RRB- , but I figured it was because the grass was a little too high . I used it once a week on my less than 1/4 acre lawn ; after about a month , it started really rattling . Shortly after , the rear wheel on the right fell off . When I tried to put it back together , it was incredibly difficult - you ca n't get a wrench in to hold the bolt without serious effort -LRB- and bruises , in my case -RRB- and , no matter how much I tighten the bolt now , the rear wheel still wo n't stay stable and drifts up as I 'm cutting the lawn . In the end , I got my wrench entirely stuck in the rear wheel well and ca n't get it out . The mower is still technically usable , but it 's such a pain that it is n't worth it . Although I am happy to have switched to a push reel mower , this is n't the one I 'm using now ; instead , I moved to a Great States 16 '' which is solid , absolutely reliable , and cuts wonderfully even when the grass gets high . From my experience , I would say save your money .
 I have owned this mower for several years . It never worked properly out of the box . The blades are not true no matter how much adjusting . There is a spot in the center where the reel just does n't touch and thus , I must end up going over the lawn repeatedly . This thing is a pain in the rear . Also , you must religiously spray WD-40 on the blades after and sometimes during use to keep the reel somewhat easy to push.I went back to an electric mower .
 One year after I bought this mower , having used it regularly , the handle broke off . I contacted the store where I 'd bought it and they said you have to contact the maufacturer . I contacted the manufacturer and they said you have to contact the store . Interestingly , the push mower I grew up using , not made by Scotts , still works fine after 50 years of use . Needless to say , I will never buy a product from that store or from Scotts again . Do not waste your money on this defective mower .
 I bought this mower a little over a year ago , and after just one year of use I must give this mower the thumbs DOWN . Before it broke it worked fairly well . Yes , it is much more pleasant to use than a gas powered mower -- when it 's working . Yes , it cuts the grass more cleanly than conventional mowers , when the blades are sharp . In everyway it is superior to gas mowers for mowing small yards , but this particular mower is poorly designed and cheaply made.This mower uses a plastic gear to connect the wheels to the blades and make the blades spin . In a relatively short time -LRB- for me it was season of normal mowing -RRB- the interior of the plastic gear will be stripped by the metal parts that connect to the blades . If your lawn is perfectly flat and you mow religiously it may last longer than one season . With a little tinkering the connection can be fixed temporarily . Although , you will probably be tinkering with it everytime you mow.The handle looks like it 's made from aluminum -- not a good idea for something that is under the constant stress of pushing , pulling , and turning while you are mowing . The handle on my mower broke . The metal simply fatigued from the stress of mowing and broke off at the thinnest point.Finally once the blades dull , mowing becomes significantly more difficult . My blades dulled in less than one season . From what I have read about reel mowers they should only need to be sharpened every few seasons.I ca n't stress enough , this is all after one season of normal use . I have a small lawn in the suburbs -- nice grass -LRB- not weeds -RRB- , very flat w / few inclines ... I must be a sucker because I 'm looking for a new reel mower -LRB- but it will be a different brand -RRB- .
 This is a lousy push mower . Buy another brand . I bought one of these last summer - and when I took it out of the shed this year , it did n't work anymore ! The blades no longer turn with the wheels , and it is constructed so poorly that it can not be fixed . I have owned push mowers before , and never had this problem . They were all pretty much solid and indestructible . I am getting another push mower , but would never buy another one of these - used it less than 2 dozen times . What a waste - and no good to the environment whatsoever in the landfill . So much for Scott 's brand products ...
 Well , we were very excited to purchase this reel mower . I had a smaller one 15 years ago as a kid and I remember it being really easy to push and with no problems . I figured 15 years later they would be even better and so went ahead and bought this 20 inch Scotts Reel Mower . Oh , how disappointed I am in it ! My husband has adjusted it numerous numerous times , and yet it is still tough to push and the reels stop turning when we try to push it and so it just slides over grass without mowing . I spent hours researching online and reading reviews that seem like lies to me now . It is NOT easy to push , and I know they make reel mowers that actually work and do a decent job without a lot of struggle . This one is NOT one of them ! What is wrong with this stupid thing !! I thought I might get some looks when I 'm out mowing from the neighbors like it was a joke I had a push mower . I was n't worried , because I was going to show them it was no big deal , but now that I have it I am the joke because I 'm out there struggling and shoving and dragging just to get the stupid wheels and reels to turn ! I look like an idiot and am just so so disappointed that this does n't work like it should . Maybe it is a defect at the way it was adjusted by the manufacturer like it says , and maybe I just got the sucky end of it , but then this is really really difficult , and I know something just is n't right with it ! So , I say to you that buy it , GOOD LUCK ! Hopefully YOURS actually MOVES !
 We purchased this mower in an attempt to be environmentally friendly when we mow . Like another reviewer , we are willing to go to pretty great lengths to do better for the planet , but this was too much.First , the handle broke . Scott 's sent us a new one free , no problem , and did n't even ask if we were still under warranty . So , good for them.But , then the plastic gear thing inside the wheel wore down and the left wheel just slips without turning the blade , meaning that it does n't cut well and also it always wants to turn and I have to fight to get it to go straight.The mower is such junk , we have n't even bothered to call and try to get a replacement part for the plastic gear.The handle moves up and down WAY too much . It 'd be nice if it ADJUSTED up or down , but you ca n't LOCK it in place and it moves probably at least a foot up and down as you are trying to mow . Maybe not a big deal if you are living on a VERY flat piece of land , but if you have even the slightest bump the lawn mower comes to a dead halt and you end up almost falling over top of it -LRB- because you have to push SO hard -RRB- . That 's another thing . It is REALLY hard to push . And I purposely turn off the self propel feature on the gas mowers we used to use because I like the work out . But this mower is INSANELY hard to push.Like others have said , if the grass is at all `` imperfect '' it does n't cut . When the grass went to seed a little , it would n't cut through it . And I got sick of making a pass in EACH direction to get a strip of grass mowed . And , trust me , I am NOT picky about the lawn . For us , it cut dandelions okay , but tubular pieces of grass , taller pieces and the grass that had gone to seed would NOT cut . I am not even willing to consider cutting my lawn more than once a week -LRB- MAYBE twice a week in the spring ... maybe -RRB- . But even so , I 'm never really trying to cut anything more than 6 inches , and this just did not work.You also ca n't cut close to anything , which was frustrating because we have a few areas of the yard that are landscaped and surrounded by that short plastic fence type stuff and/or rocks.Anyway , I really , really wanted to like this . It just does n't work.And to give you an idea of how hard we tried , we used it for a year on .6 of an ACRE . I mean , we are DEDICATED . Hubby is at the store right now getting a Fiskars reel mower . Hopefully , that will work out better for us . We tried . We really did .
 I like this mower as it is light and easy to push and the grip is comfortable . The downside however is that you must make a few passes over the same area of lawn in different directions to get all the blades of grass cut . Even then , the cut looks uneven to me . I am picky about my lawn . Every time I finished cutting it with this mower , I wished I had my old gas rotary again . I found myself moving the blades of grass around with my foot trying to get them to stand up so that this mower could cut them . The benefit of a rotary mower is that it creates a vacuum , which pulls the grass up into the cutting blade . This allows the grass to all get cut at more or less the same length . The other problem adding to this mowers problem is the wheels . They flatten the grass over which they pass and this grass does not get cut . Maybe if you have shorter growing grass this may not be a problem . I live in southern California where it gets very hot . Keeping the grass on the tall side protects it from getting too dry . I like the idea of not having to deal with gasoline , oil and the maintenance of a gas engine , which led me to purchase this mower . I 've had enough . I recently purchased a corded electric rotary , which I now prefer .
 I really , really wanted to like this mower . After having read all of the reviews on Amazon and elsewhere , I was extremely excited to purchase this mower near the end of the last mowing season . I only used it once or twice then -LRB- as I said it was the end of the season -RRB- and figured the poor performance was due to the high grass I was trying to mow . So at the start of this season I eagerly took it out once more . Once again , I tried hard to convince myself that the lack of environmental impact of this unit was worth the incredible frustration of using it . It cut extremely unevenly , causing me to overlap more that half -LRB- closer to 3/4 -RRB- of each pass and still wind up with an uneven , poorly cut lawn . I endured the complaints of my neighbors while continuing to use it week after week -LRB- I hate the suburban lawn worship anyway -RRB- . Then a couple of weeks ago the handle broke while I was mowing . The metal actually broke . This may not be an expensive mower , but its shoddy design is still not worth the price , and now it 's useless.Eventually I 'm hoping to save up to purchase a better quality reel mower , but for now I 'm stuck borrowing a hand-me-down gas one .
 First off , I ca n't say anything bad about this product specifically . It was easy to put together in less than 5 minutes , and save attaching the handle bar , was ready to go out of the box . The handle is flimsy and flexes way too much , which makes pushing the mower all that much more difficult , but other than that , this product worked as expected.My issues with this mower were not the product itself , but rather with the type of mower it is . Do n't let other people fool you , these push reel mowers are hard to push on non-flat ground and even harder to maneuver.Straight line cutting is relatively easy , but mowing around curved flower beds or trees , or fence posts is difficult ... now I know why all the videos on the internet are of people doing striaght line cuts , not maneuvering around things like most of us have in our yards.On the limited sections of my yard that are completely flat , even , and adequate for straight line cuts , the reel mower is ok . It does takes a lot of force to get it started rolling , but once rolling , its no too difficult to keep rolling.However , on the non-flat and non-even sections the reel mower is not worth the effort . It takes way , way too much effort to push it up the slopes and through the small bumps and valleys that are inherent in any normal yard.Bottom line , if you want a workout buy a push reel mower . If your yard is 100 % flat and even , then give it a shot ... its only a -LSB- ... -RSB- mistake.Notes
 Nothing against push reel mowers , but when I finished mowing my lawn -LRB- took twice as long as a conventional mower -RRB- it still had tall grass sticking up in places all over . Why ? Any tall grass or weed sticking up does n't get mowed - the front of the mower pushes it down , so the blades never get a chance to touch it . Bottom line
 The mower looks great , but when I went to use it I was disappointed in its performance . It cuts the grass , but leaves all the tall dandelion weeds .
 I previously rated this product highly . But , after owning it for awhile , I would not buy it again for several reasons . First , it clogs on every weed , tall piece of grass , damp grass , etc. . So , you have to have a pristine lawn to make this thing work well . It is horribly difficult to push when you get on hills or if you have to do edges.I ended up getting a honda gas powered mowed and my life has been much easier . While I wanted to forego gas and be more green , this mower just is n't feasible unless you have a VERY small yard without any irregular patches of grass or weeds . Otherwise , this device will cause you to have intense frustration since mowing will take twice as long and require much more strength -LRB- i.e. I have blistered hands and tired muscles -RRB- . If you want to be green , recycle , donate to charity , preserve green spaces , etc. . But , do n't buy this mower . It will be less environmentally friendly since you will have a wasted piece of equipment .
 * Rear wheel skids if height setting is at maximum . Can not work well at this height * Easy to mow if you plan to do it every week ... even a weeks slippage would cause some troubles when you do it the next time -- more resistance - both wheels skid or move very slow * Mower handle attachment is wobbly and doesnt seem stable * If your lawn is not flat then this will not work well * Not a good product to own if you want thick lawn growth but it will work well if you want to cut it down to the lowest size always . * Grassc achers are not sold in stores anymore you got to buy it online . The ones sold on Amazon dont fit this well . Its a 18in grass catcher so it will cause a lot of spillover.Advantages : no gas , no pollution , good work out - same reasons why i went for it but i returned it as the clippings dont collect well on the grass catcher . I would not be worried if the clippings were mulched or cut fine but that was not the case .
 Not sure whay my issue is as all the reviews I read had little old ladies and pregnant women using this mower with ease . Maybe it is they type of grass we have in South Florida but this mower , unless I have very little -LRB- in terms of height -RRB- grass to mow , is a challenge to push . I raised the height and even added some WD40 . Instructions state that you can losen the blades but it requires taking the unit apart , not for me . Went and got an electic -LRB- yes with cord -RRB- mower and am thrilled with the results .
 The worst $ 119 I 've ever spent . This thing is terribly hard to push , clogs and jams constantly , the wheels slip at random so you end up having to cut the same path 2-3 times to remove all the patches of grass missed the first time around . If your lawn is not 100 % perfectly level everywhere do n't even bother trying to use this thing . You 'll jam it and it will tear the lawn down to the dirt even on the highest height setting . We thought this would be a good way to be a little more environmentally friendly and were suckered by the pile of positive BS reviews . Now instead of saving money we 'll end up buying two lawn mowers , as Amazon will not take it back and neither will Scotts . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY . THe first time I used it I gave it the benefit of the doubt thinking , ok , I just need to get used to it . After spending an hour and 20 minutes the second time mowing -LRB- lawn takes 20 minutes with a gas powered mower -RRB- I said enough . To top it off , the lawn looks awful .
 this mower is the worst ... if you want a push mower get the brill ... smoooth !!! if you have a bigger lawn
 I agree with all the previous reviews ... it barely cuts , it has plastic gears , and the handle flexes so much it is VERY difficult to handle . It does not turn at all . And , I am short , but to push it I need to bend over half way to mow ! Terrible ! Very cheaply made ... what a disappointment !
 I bought the 16 inch Scotts and used it for two months . It cut great up until two months . It started skipping and just rolled without engagement with the blades . I have a small yard with hills so I try to push hard . Now get this , I returned it thinking it was just a lemon and got a new one . Guess what ? Same result broke down in two months . Now I wish I had the own ones . Seems like inside the wheel is just cheap plastic parts . Problem is that I do n't have much choice here on Maui , Hawaii .
 In a nutshell , this unit does not get the job done . If there were no such thing as a power -LRB- i.e. , gas or electric -RRB- mower , and this was the only choice to do your lawn , then it would be much easier to let your property go wild . The unit does n't cut longer grass , merely rolling over it ; the grass snaps back into place . Further , heartier weed material does not get cut . So , save your $ and get yourself a power mower . If you do n't like storing gas in the garage , which is my beef , think about an electric unit . There are some where you can charge a battery , so you do n't need an extension cord . I have had mine for nearly three months and think it works well only on perfect lawns -LRB- i.e. , with perfect grass and no weeds -RRB- . That 's my two cents , for whatever it 's worth .
 I PURCHASED THIS MOWER TO BE USED WHEN THE GRIDCRASH ARRIVES . TILL THEN , I 'LL KEEP USING MY POWER MOWER . I TRIED IT OUT WHEN I FIRST GOT IT , AND IT DID N'T IMPRESS ME AT ALL . ON SOME AREAS OF MY LAWN WHERE THE GRASS WAS A BIT HIGH , THIS MOWER JUST ROLLED OVER THE HIGH SPOTS WITHOUT MAKING A CUT . I HAD TO GO BACK AND FORTH MANY TIMES TO MAKE A CUT . AFTER THE GRIDCRASH , I 'LL HAVE TO ACCEPT THIS . BUT UNTIL THEN , MY POWER MOWER WILL GET THE CALL . THE BIGGEST PLUS FOR IT ... IT 'S QUIET .
 I tried to do the right thing by buying a push mower , and I really hate the noise of a gasoline mower . Unfortunately , this product was a huge disappointment , and now I am going to have to buy a power mower after all . This mower skips and slides over the grass without cutting , so I have to go over the same spot three times to have any chance of cutting it . Even then it is pretty rough . In the end , it takes three times as long and five times as much personal energy to cut an area half as well . Of course , there is no trouble-shooting guide provided , and there is no hope of taking it to a service place , so the only recourse is to trash this item and waste whatever money was spent on it . Years ago I used to sell Scott products , and I thought they were reliable even if they cost somewhat more . No longer . Now it is just one more piece of junk trying to get by on a company 's previous reputation . My advice
 I have always trusted amazon 's reviews before I buy any product . But I have to say that this is one did n't hit the mark . The reviews for this product here are in majority positive reviews . But let me tell you my opinion.I live down in Florida and the grass that we have here is a derivate of St. Agustin . I think its called Flortran . The only people who will benefit from getting this mower are the ones that have grass that grows evenly . But we know nothing is perfect . Most of the time you will have chunks of grass that grow taller than others.This mower have worked extremely well when the grass is about 4 '' tall and may be 5 '' . It spreads the cut grass evenly so there 's no need to rake afterwards . I 've never seen a mower , gas , electric or reel , that spreads the clippings better than this one . And leaving the clippings is good for the health of your lawn.But having a lawn that grows evenly is hard to come by . Whenever I tried to push the mower trough grass chunks taller than 4 inches I had to run so it did n't stop me . And even that , most of the time I came to a complete stop . I step back and forward again and stopped by the 5 '' of grass chunk . This reel mower DOES NOT go trough grass taller than 4 '' unless you and 3 other people push it . You will end-up extremely tired and will have to do a second pass with a trimer.Believe me when I tell you that you will use it once , love the results , use it a second time and decide to buy a regular lawn mower.NOTE
 I bought this mower thinking it would be great for the environment , economical and fun . I used the previous reviews as a guide and went for the purchase . Big mistake . If your grass is even a bit high , you ca n't push the mower . We tried adjusting the settings , but that did n't really help . Either the mower is too hard to push , or the settings are too loose and the mower wo n't mow . And , forget about pushing it up hill , which means if you live on a slope , you have to push the mower downhill , drag it up to the top , and push it down again . Not fun . The handle is too low , which makes it difficult to keep the wheels on the ground and the tray gets clogged , constantly stopping the blade from turning . This is probably the worst $ 99 dollars I 've ever spent . I wo n't even try to sell it at a yard sale because I 'd be ripping off the person who was attempting to buy it . For now , this mower is only good for decorating my garage .
 I live in Pearland , Texas and I have St. Augustine grass . I have a ten-year-old gas-powered Toro and I cut my grass 3 '' high . I recently bought a Scotts reel mower that also has a 3 '' setting . I was so excited ! I took it out for its first journey around my yard . So that this new reel mower and I could get acquainted , I started on the side of the house where the grass was the shortest due to excessive heat and lack of rain . All set up and ready to go , I began mowing . My reel mower , however , chose only to go about two feet . So I backed up two feet and , moving forward again , I got a few inches past the two feet I had already mowed . This continued for about thirty minutes . I had mowed two fifteen foot rows , each twenty inches wide . Little scrawny weeds were sticking out laughing at me . I mowed over them again and again , but to no avail . My reel mower would n't even gracefully mow over the tiny portion of my yard that it had already cut . The grass looked short - too short - and I was dripping wet . I had my whole yard still to mow . I had no choice but to park the reel mower in the driveway and pull out the Toro -LRB- which initially was a little jealous of the new reel mower -RRB- . The ol' Toro raised up with pride and finished the yard in under an hour . Not really sure what to do with the reel mower at this point .
 I was quite pleased with the way this mower worked for year 1 . Just as that year ended , the handle broke . Much to my dismay , Amazon was not able to direct me to anyone who could fulfill the warranty on this mower . I spent a couple of hours over the course of two days trying to get some satisfaction , but none was forthcoming . I had hoped that they would at least reimburse me for Year Two of my useless mower 's ownership!So , potential buyer , purchase at your own risk ! Scott no longer makes these mowers and noone else is willing to procure a handle for it.I 'm quite disappointed -LRB- for the first time ever -RRB- in Amazon 's performance !
 I 've read a lot of reviews on this product . I think most of them are prepared by the company that produces this product.This product is not designed for the purpose it supposed to be . The handle is not sturdy.You can use it for exercise purposes only . You can use it to move manicured lawns only , and even for those you have to go two-three times over the same place to leave clean.The only positive characteristic of it is that it is environmentally clean .
 I REALLY wanted to like this and did ... at first . Problem is once summer got here and the St Augustine started growing fast it became WAY too difficult to mow over the thicker areas.I DO NOT recommend this for people with St Augustine lawns unless it 's a VERY small area . BTW , I am a strong 190 lb man and it became impossible with even an average St Augustine lawn . Maybe it would be ok up north on a lawn with some thin , slow growing grass.I had to get a power mower and the reel mower now sits rusting in the shed .
 i can only mow a few feet before it gets stuck on the tiniest of twigs ... bend down pull out the twig ... mow ... jam ... unstick the twig ... etc. . etc. ... i 'll have to rake first ... these twigs a gas mower would mulch up easily
 I purchased this mower last summer to mow my roughly 40 ` x40 ' backyard . The mower did a respectable job for about a month , and then sheared the teeth off the drive gear on the right wheel . I continued to use the mower until this afternoon , when the left drive gear failed . Now when I push the mower forward , the reel does n't spin . This mower may be acceptable for very light duty mowing , but the internal gears are made of soft plastic , and I managed to destroy both of them in about 4 months of use.Also , as others have noted , you must mow 1-2 times a week . If you let it go more than that , you will have to rent a gas mower to trim the grass , because the reel mower will not do the job .
 It is heavy when pushing the wheel to cut grass . It will be stopped when it catches even a small piece of wood . The handle is wobbling and not sturdily built . It will not pick up clippings , as in some cases it is desirable to pick them up once a year . If you want a good hard workout , you want to buy it . I ended up buying a Sears gas lawnmower besides this.Not a good idea to go green in lawn mowing , maybe using a electric one.But it is too expensive .
 I 'm a little disappointed this reel will not cut dandelions or certain weeds . This fact is not stated in the advertisement but casually mentioned in the owners manual . Unfortunately I did n't see this fact until I had tried to cut my lawn with it or I would have sent it back . I tried to go green but this machine leaves a lot to be desired .
 If you have thick Kentucky Bluegrass , I 'd avoid this one . It gets stuck and ends up tearing up your lawn . Also , it claims to cut as high as 3 inches , but it was absolutely butchering my grass at the highest level . I could see it working just fine on normal grass with no slopes as long as you mow at least once a week .
 I have enjoyed using my scott 's classic lawnmower for 2 1/2 seasons on a very small lawn . However , the handle is really flimsy . Today was it 's last day and so far I have been unable to find a replacement handle . I will soldier on with a duct tape repair for the balance of the season .
 If your grass grows past a certain length this mower pushes it down leaving it to spring up once the mower is no longer over it . Also , if the grass is a seed stalk blade this mower does not cut it.Bought it , assembled it , tried mowing with it , it failed , disassembled it , and returned it for a refund.I recommend you avoid all the above .
 I have a flat yard , that is small and takes less then 45 minutes to mow with a reel mower.The lever ** on one side snapped . -LRB- ** That you use to change the height . I 'm strong , but not that strong . -RRB- The right back wheel was defective and so was the metal plate that it was mounted to , neighbor tried to figure out a way to jimmie and correct but it was n't possible so eventually it rubbed metal to metal and the wheel fell off.Mowing with three wheels but the cut is wonky and my lawn looks like a drunken sailer 's buzz cut.Nuts wobbled off while mowing , lost them before I bought the blue stuff to keep them in place . I know my way around a tool box -- my neighbor borrowed it and said he tightened the ones that wobbled off on him and the next time I mowed they started to wobble off too . So , in case you think it 's a gender thing , it 's not . He commented that he did n't think the mower was very durable.Sadly the thing did n't make it to it 's second month 's birthday.I had borrowed a neighbor 's reel mower and that thing was a tank ! This mower is the Yugo of the Reel Mower world .
 I received this as a gift for my house warming . I wanted to start off in my new house going green . The mower worked pretty well for the first year or so , but then it started leaving grass behind . Any kind of grass aside from zoysia or southern type of grass does n't get cut and you have to go over it several times . It just wears you out.I recently got the blade sharpened and the blade height adjusted . It still is n't that good and leaves behind a lot of grass tall . Now I have to weed wack the remaining tall grass and it 's just a hassle . I do care about the planet , and want to do my part , but I think I need to get rid of this and get something that works a little better.How about a rotary man powered mower ? Why do n't they make that?Or how about a reel type mower that cuts any type of grass ?
 I bought this reel mower because of previous user reviews , the small size of my lawn -LRB- approx 800 sq ft -RRB- , a desire to use as little energy as possible -LRB- i.e. , gas or electric -RRB- , and the advice of my oldest son , who owned a legitimate mowing business while in high school and college -LRB- 50 customers -RRB- . This mower may be appropriate for other types of grass , but it is NOT able to cut St. Augustine in an efficient manner . It requires MANY passes if the grass is longer than a 4 inches or so . Long ` runners ' of St Aug do not get caught in the rotating blades . They are simply flattened and rolled over by the mower , only to pop back up again . To clip these long runners and blades , one has to attack them at multiple angles in order for the blades to ` catch ' them just right . Small sticks that are any larger than about 3 mm diameter -LRB- just under a pencil 's diameter -RRB- can easily jam the rotating blades , so you also better pick up ALL the sticks in your yard before mowing.No , I wish I could recommend this mower , but it is n't appropriate for Texas lawns . I plan to buy an electric mower instead .
 I ordered the kit for the large blue o-ring . It was the only piece that was not included in the set . The rest of the kit does not fit the poly 1 gallon sprayer . The entire kit was useless to me .
 My experience with this product so far has not been ideal . I bought this at a home improvement store and it did come with a plastic cover -LRB- hydrodome -RRB- unlike this particular version . However , I would recomend not having one of those lids with this product because of the following concern . If the peat pots are packed into the bottom plastic part as designed they grow blue mold all over the pots because the peat pots + moisture + no air circulation is a great recipe for mold . It does not seem that this mold is interfering with the plant growing at all , but for people who are allergic to mold this is not ideal . I took the pots out of the tray , turned the tray upside down , set the pots on top of it and ran a fan on them and the mold went away . It returns whenever the pots are wet . The second concern I have is the pots suck all of the water out of the soil . I guess the positive side of this is you never have to worry that your plants are going to damp off because it does n't stay wet enough , but on the flip side watering twice a day to keep the soil from being bone dry is a little much . Also , just a note
 No trouble getting the plants to germinate . But then what ? Messy to scoop out the dirt and seedlings to transfer to the garden plot . I think it 's more efficient to buy a Jeffy set that comes with the little shrink-wrapped soil pods so you can just pick up the pod and put it where you need it .
 Save your money - Use Styrofoam cups with a blend of soils - this was a ridiculous and very expensive attempt at greenhouse gardening ...
 I planted corn in these pellets with poor results . The seeds were labeled as having a 90 % germination rate . I only acheived a germination rate of 7 % roughly . I have recently planted more seeds in miracle grow potting soil and have seen much better results . Germination took less time and the germination percentage was quite near the seeds rating . As a result I do n't think all that highly of the Jiffy 72 peat pellets .
 This was not worth my money . Could have bought something like this at a much cheaper store . Poorly made nothing amazed me about this .
 The pods are too small and it is very difficult removing starter plants . Better results came from using small peat pots . The tray warped after two weeks and could not be used again . I would not recommend this product .
 Well I 'm not all that picky with a tray like this but the description say `` Will not leak '' and when the tray is held up to a light you can clearly see small holes in the corners of the tray were it is the weakest . It is n't a very durable tray but depending on what kind of plants you plan on grow / starting in these trays and the kind of water control you have these might work for you . I bought two , one with a dome over the top which cost me all together less then the average price of a humidity dome . Hope this helps .
 The pellets are excellent , just be careful not to let your seedlings get root-bound . I would recommend buying the pellets separately and investing in a decent propagation kit with a heating pad instead of this . It 's not a mini greenhouse , just some flimsy plastic that wont support the weight of your seedlings . The plastic also creases easily and becomes too pliable when exposed to heat . Unfortunately heat is part of the process , so spring for the better kit with a heat pad .
 Used some culinary herb garden seeds from Amazon with this product . Nothing happened . Not sure what product was worse . But no results what so ever .
 I planted seeds in both the Jiffy 5032 , as well as in peat pots filled with seed starter mix . Every seed in the peat pots germinated , grew , and I was able to put them in my garden . However , not a single seed in the Jiffy 5032 germinated . I will not use these again .
 Peat moss harvesting is a pretty big environmental problem , plus , you do n't need all this packaging and pizazz to make your own seed starters . You can make your own starters from recycled materials like
 they look great - if cheap - but they keep falling apart . I 'm so sorry that I bought them !
 My past experience with this type of flamingo warns you that the plastic piece holding the legs to the body breaks far too easily . You are better off finding the original Don Featherstone flamingos because they do not have this problem .
 I purchased one of these yesterday , it lasted one application . The reason ? The threads that attach the lantern to the propane bottle -LRB- or distribution tree -RRB- are made of very soft aluminum , all it takes -LRB- and any one who has attached a lantern to a distribution tree knows this happens all the time -RRB- is one slight angle miss alignment and , no more lantern . Luckily I was not in the woods with this as my only large light source , I was preparing for a trip , and testing out my new toy . At twice the price of just about any lanter on the market -LRB- including Coleman 's own two mantle lantern -RRB- I would not recommend buying this lantern.On the plus side the lantern is very bright , the mantle is very easy to attach and the elctronic ignition rules ! I would say that when it worked , before removal and attempted re-attachment , it was the most impressive propane lantern I have ever seen ! This is a real shame , tomorrow it goes back before the trip and I will purchase two of the other lanterns ...
 The label says `` plant pot and all . '' Do n't do it ! These are the problems with planting with these pots : They dry out very quickly and then will wick out the water you put into the soil , resulting in water starved roots that are thin and do not have the strength to break through these little peat prisons . If you keep them wet before planting , mold will grow on them if you are using a warm room to grow them in -LRB- that is why they tell you to cover them completely , any part of them sticking out above the soil will also grow mold -RRB- . I planted seeds into these , grew them for a few weeks and planted the pots directly into the soil . No matter what I did , the growth on all of the plants were severely stunted -LRB- a few died -RRB- . I pulled them out of the soil after eight weeks and found not a single peat pot had even started to break down -LRB- I guess they mean that they break down in a year or two and so wo n't leave pots in your garden -RRB- . Despite the plants having been watered recently , the peat pots were already nearly dry . Half the plants had not managed to break roots out of their little prisons yet , and the ones that had managed to get a few roots through the bottom of the pot had thin , weak roots . This was despite using rooter 's mycorrhizae . I suspect the only reason these plants even were alive was due to doing foliar feedings . And yes , everything else , PH , temperature , and all other variables were perfect.I suppose if you wait until the roots come through the pots before planting , it might be better as in the seed box you can at least keep these things wet enough to keep the roots from being totally water starved . But this will probably lead to the pots being moldly -LRB- unless you are growing in a cold room -RRB- , which can kill off most plants.If you do use these , either completely cut them off before planting -LRB- which might damage roots that have managed to penetrate their little prison -RRB- or cut the top edge off -LRB- to prevent it from sticking out and moldering -RRB- and cut the bottom off -LRB- so the roots might escape -RRB- . Of course , what is left will still wick water away from the roots , resulting in poor root structure until they finally get deep into the soil . But if you 're cutting them off , well , that defeats their purpose and there are far better options if you are doing this . Even a dixie cup is better than one of these .
 I set two of these along side the wall , the mouse went in ate his peanut butter and walked out , he did this in both traps I set . I saw droppings , and the bait was gone and so was the mouse ... Do n't waste your money ...
 Length :
 We were in a pinch and used this cheapy trap for just one poor little mouse , who was so stressed out that he flopped out , wet , and barely alive . I was shocked and saddened , and threw away the trap immediately . Since then , we went back to the green Smart Mouse Trap , which captures the little guys and is n't too stressful , and then we let them go in the woods . Go with Smart Mouse , they are durable and can be used over and over and over .
 The mice trip the door , but somehow do n't get caught inside . It is also impossible to clean.We also tried these : - Catchmaster 606MC Mechanical Metal Multi-Catch Trap -- the mice go in , eat the peanut butter , poop , and go right back out . We tried messing with the ramps to get them to operate better , but no luck . - Victor Mice Trap from Home Depot -- we had a lot of success with this . It catches the mice , and allows for cleaning . - Victor Mini Sonic PestChasers from Home Depot -- we seem to be getting a benefit from these . Try them . - Mice Cube 4 Pk - Reusable Humane Mouse Trap -- these work great at catching mice , but are impossible to clean out .
 I have previously used the mice cubes and had very good luck with them but I still had one very wily fellow left so I ordered this trap . Every single time this trap has tipped before he could even get in the door . Perhaps he 's a husky fellow . I did n't see the mice device at the time I ordered or would have ordered that instead . A friend just told me about it and I just placed my order . It has great reviews and I only wish I 'd known about it sooner .
 I have this trap and the have a heart trap . I 've caught lots of mice with the have a heart one , zero with this one .
 This product was on sale and had some good reviews . I 'll never know how well it could have worked because it came without the ` bait ' which is actually part of the system because it is part of the complete trap and its weight is part of the overall trip weight balance and it is one of the capture walls of the device.The device supposedly came with instructions , also not supplied , though I do not think they would be necessary other than maybe the warning
 and flimsy . there was no way a mouse was going to fit in there or get past the nosing around stage .
 I purchased this trap because I was interested in a human way of catching and releasing the mice . After baiting it , each morning I would come out and the trap would be closed , I would open it an look inside , an no mouse . After about a month of trying different suggestions as per the directions , I decided to put the trap in the garage and leave it open while baited . Checked the trap for awhile , but no mouse so I forgot about it . Came back a week or so later and what I thought was a humane trap , ended up having dead , rotten mouse in it . Upon cleaning the stench to attempt to trap another mouse , the brittle plastic pin socket on the legs of the front door , broke off . I tried to repair it but that was an effort was unsuccessful.So the trap might work periodically . I think it would work better on a rougher surface like cement . A counter top is too slippery and a slight bump , closes the trap too easily . I would also make the plastic clear , so you can see inside the trap . The cheap plastic -LRB- polystyrene I presume -RRB- , is not the way to go based on how this was designed . If you can not dismantle it for cleaning , without breaking something that is not repairable , then this ends up being destined for recycling.All in all , it could have been designed better for the material used , or use different materials that are more robust for the application .
 i do n't really know yet if it works , but since it arrived WITHOUT the end cap , the unit is completely useless.what ever happened to quality control ? there 's really no good excuse for selling me an incomplete unit . it did n't even come in it 's own box so it was easy to see that it was incomplete.i am definitely another step closer to saying goodbye to amazon .
 I awaited this products arrival so that my 4 cats would not get the mouse that began inhabiting our kitchen after it got loose from my daughters hands . I put this device in every conceivable place only to find it closed with no critter inside . I actually rescued the mouse twice from my cat 's teeth only to have it give me the slip . I went to work one day & received the sad news shortly thereafter that Mickey or Minnie met his/her untimely death . Save your money .
 Probably figured it was too good to be true but the description reads as follows : Product DescriptionTip-Trap Live Capture Mouse Trap . This price is for 6 traps Made of polypropylene , resistant to stains and odors .
 I bought 5 types of mouse traps and tried them for 2 weeks both indoors and in my shed .1 . The best by far was the full size trap called the `` Rat , Mouse , Squirrel Trap '' by Happy Trap.I 've never seen this type before , it has clever spring loaded rods that trip and are very sensitive and easy to set . Setting it the first time took me 2 minutes to figure the thing out ... What the ?? And then it was fine . It 's a live trap but is so sensitive and fast that it never missed a mouse.I caught 6 with it . I measured the sensitivity of the bait holder itself , and it only takes 7 grams to set it off , that 's the weight of 3 pennies . Even a very small mouse at 12-20 grams easily trips it . I know cause I 've caught a lot of mice and weighed the mouse in the trap , and without the mouse , then subtracted to get their exact weight.This has a clever design that does n't get false trips since it 's balanced pretty good but it 's super sensitive . I suggest even indoors to try this out plus it wont snap your cats nose or anything since it just closes the door . It 's not a cheap little mouse trap but if you want to catch a mouse this was very effective . -LSB- ... -RSB- 2 . 2nd place goes to a regular mouse trap -LRB- Victor Pro -RRB- . It missed 3 times and caught 2 mice . not bad .3 . Third place ... Havahart 0745 - live trap . this is a traditional style live trap . It caught 1 in 2 weeks and missed 5 times . Yes , it 's intended for larger rodents mostly , chipmunks , etc. and not sensitive enough for mice . Very low tech and limited planning went into this one vs the 1st place trap .4 . Pro-Ketch - multiple Mouse Catch trap . Not effective at all . This was baited with peanut butter like the others and placed next to a wall near the Happy Trap live trap and a regular mouse trap . This one never had a bite in 2 weeks while the live trap worked almost every night until I ran out of mice . Nothing ever went in this one even when it was the only trap there .5 . Kness Tip-Trap 109-0-001 - last place . The Tip-Trap missed once and was tipped but empty . I kept it baited and tried for 2 weeks , I put it along a wall with peanut butter , etc , baited as per directions with a small dab but it remained empty the whole time . It was cheap at least .
 We have mice in our attic and wanted to find a humane way to catch them and release them . So , I bought 3 Tip Traps thinking that they would catch the mouse and we could then go and release it . Unfortunately , the trap does n't seem to provide enough ventilation for the mice . We caught one mouse within a couple of days of putting them out . I found it in the morning , and it was barely moving . So , I put it in a large container with food and water and it eventually got healthy . After that , I made sure to check the traps as often as I could . It took a couple of weeks , but we just caught another mouse . The mouse was dead when I found it . I checked the traps before I went to bed and found it in the morning . I do n't know the cause of death , but my guess is lack of oxygen . When caught , the mouse is frightened and defecates on itself , thus using up the oxygen in the trap . The only way these can be humane is if you can check them very often -LRB- every 2 hours or so -RRB- . Because the only time you 'll catch a mouse is at night , you wo n't be able to check them often enough -LRB- unless you want to periodically wake up over the course of the night -RRB- . I wish I could say that I 'm happy with this product , but I just killed a mouse and probably made it experience a horrible death .
 I was using them outside along the base of the back of the house would faces woods . Tired these out of curiosity and would not have known had I not tried them . I found others more effective , but I would n't purchase these again . I ca n't comment as to their effectiveness inside , as mentioned earlier , I used them outside .
 I bought only one of these on Amazon and bought two similar but much better traps from Lowes . The problem with this trap is that once you load the end up with PB it kicks the whole thing over causing the trap to close . The traps bought at Lowes -LRB- also sold on Amazon -RRB- have a box over the top that helps to prevent the trap from self closing prematurely . The Lowes bought traps caught eight mice in one night . Also if you choose this one , careful not to let the mice stay inside for too long . Their fur becomes wet and they do n't survive for long with wet fur and cold weather . I left my captured mice inside for the night to dry out and then released them 1/4 mile away . Hopefully some of them made it through the night at -5 F and no snow . I really do n't think I 'm doing anything but causing the animals more pain and suffering , but to appease the softer hearted family members they are being let go outside where mother nature can have her way with them .
 I set three traps in the basement . One is pushed away and closed , but did not catch the mouse . For two others , the mouse some how took the bait out and ran away .
 This item arrived with the end piece missing . Can not be used without it . I do n't even know how to make a claim about this item .
 So I just want to put a warning out there that if you use this product please check the trap twice a day . I went out of town for just two days and when I returned and checked the trap later in the day I found it had caught the mouse -LRB- been about 1-1/2 weeks-was excited ! -RRB- BUT that the little mouse was dead . When I emptied him out by a field-not sure if he was dead or not until i opened the box -- a little sweaty mouse fell out . He must have died from a heart attack ? It was pretty traumatic since we did n't want to kill the mouse . So yes product works but there should be instructions about being able to check the trap at least once a day . = -LRB-
 My wife and I had a mouse in the house and we were looking for a reasonable way to get rid of it . We also have a two year old and a very active 10 month old and we were concerned that a `` traditional '' snap trap would be very dangerous to have around for our babies . We were reluctant to put out chemicals for the same reason . At last , we found this and believed we 'd come across the better mouse trap.Unfortunately , the trap does n't work very well . Just walking through the kitchen was often enough to trip the trap , and when we witnessed the mouse sniffing around it tripped before he went in.After a week or so of resetting it frequently and not having any success , we gave up and bought a snap trap , placing it out of the way so the children would n't stumble upon it . Within a couple of days , our mousey friend was no more.Not saying this wo n't work for you , but I wish I had n't wasted my time and money on it . If you 're adverse to killing mice and want them gone it might be worth a shot , but I could n't recommend it to anyone based on what I saw .
 The mouse got in and out on it 's own , each time . I do n't know how . Trap is too flimsy I guess , or the mouse is too big .
 I live in a 1 bedroom apartment and one night realized I had a mouse . Now I wanted to do anything in my power not to use those horrible glue strips or snap traps so I started doing some research . I tried several different homemade live trapping methods and nothing was working so I started looking for actual live mouse traps when I found these . I was so excited to get them they came 6 in a box and the reviews were so great . I figured in such a small space and just 1 mouse no problem . I put all of them out . I even new the route around the walls that the mouse was running by this time . I waited a few nights and nothing . Then all of a sudden I started noticing atleast 1 or 2 traps being closed each night . My mouse was running by them and if it even brushed them they would close . Needless to say I tried this for about 3 weeks and when still no results occured I had to go to a different option . I finally put the snap trap out because it seemed a quicker way than letting it get stuck to glue and still be alive . In 1 night I was mouse free , just not guilt free . With my experience I have to say that these absolutely do not work .
 This little trap works really well catching small mice , but I have found it quite difficult sometimes to tell if a mouse is even in there ! The mice are pretty small where we are and can weigh next to nothing ! I have made the mistake of thinking the trap got tripped by mistake , opening it up thinking it 's empty , and had a big surprise !! I am trading these guys in for see-through traps .
 Ok , you guys got me . From the picture , and from the `` shipping weight 1 lb '' , and from the phrase `` rat and mice bait '' , I expected something larger . This trap is incredibly small . Arrives in a small envelope ! It is less than 1.5 inches square and 6.5 inches in length.No way will it catch the monster of a mouse/rat that I saw in my backyard . I think it is a little disingenuous that the dimensions are not revealed . Returning it .
 I tried this trap for 10 days without sucess . I followed the instructions , but the trap was tipped every day without capturing any mice . Good theory but not executed very well .
 I 'm in Arizona and we have pocket mice here . They are very small but would not enter this trap . I think it 's too confined and needs to be twice the width and height . There 's barely any room for a mouse to turn around in there , so they do n't go in since it 's a dead end . Maybe Pocket Mice are smarter than the average mouse . I used peanut butter and sunflower kernels for bait . I moved the trap around too to different places , no luck .
 This mouse trap is complete garbage . I challenge anyone to catch a single mouse in this . The mice were actually skipping this thing , and going for the traps that killed them instead lol . The ONLY way I can see this thing working , ever , is in some kind of old , unused building scenario . Where there is little/no food for the mice , and there are a ton of mice in the building . Then you might catch a really stupid mouse in this . They just do n't like it . They just wo n't go into it . I tried this thing for about 5 months , replacing the bait when necessary . Never caught a single mouse .
 I am not kidding.I was using this thing under my kitchen cabinet . I had pulled out a bottom drawer and saw mouse droppings on the floor , so I placed one of these under the drawer , and checked it every morning . I managed to catch two mice with it , but more often than not the trap would be closed with no mouse inside . Some times it was knocked over on it 's side . It 's very lightweight and obviously a mouse investigating it without entering into it could easily trigger the door.Well , one morning , I pulled out the drawer to check the trap , and it was gone . Gone ! This freaked me out . To the left of the position where I was placing it is the cabinet under the sink , the bottom of which is about three inches above the floor . This is where the mice were coming from , and with a flashlight I can only see about a foot into that crevice , and the trap was nowhere to be found . I also took a wire clothes hanger and swished it around about two feet into the opening . Nothing.Like I said , this freaked me out a bit . What kind of mice did I have ?? My best guess , though , is that perhaps a mouse outside the trap got it 's tail caught in it when the door closed , and ran off with it .
 We do n't have any experience with mouse , mice , rats , etc. . This is our first ! When this product arrived , we were shocked as too how small it was . I 've seen our resident mouse , and it does n't look like he can fit into this thing . We bought two of it and placed them both out anyway . Sure enough , we caught nothing , further more , we were scratching our head as to what happened to one of them . It was gone ! We thought someone in the family just moved it around and misplaced it . Well , today we decided to dig further and cleaned out our garage . We found one of his hide-outs . He was n't home , but we found an orange , our dog 's brush which is now all chewed up , and yep , one of the mouse traps . It was all chewed up as well and there was a note ... It said , `` Is this all you got ? ''
 Seems so simple and effective in design , but my mouse has clearly gone near it but had no interest in crawling inside for some tasty peanut butter . The trap tends to rock back and forth from slight movement so it often looks like something was caught , but it really just tilted over .
 This item is total Junk , bought it because it is only 2 $ , but did not caught a single mouse in a month and other traps produced about 10 / day .
 So disappointed . It worked some of the time but lately i could n't figure out why the bait was eaten , the trap was closed and there was no mouse to be found . Realized it knawed through the plastic . I 'm going for metal next time .
 This trap is such a clever design , I really wanted it to work . But , what can I say ? It did n't catch my mouse . I gave it almost two weeks before I bought D-Con . I know a lot of people had great luck with it , but it just did n't work for me .
 These things catch of lot of whiteflies , but they also catch other insects , such as juvenile praying mantises . And , although it makes me feel good to see hundreds of dead whiteflies stuck on the trap , there are still lots left eating the vegetables . So you will still have to use chemical controls , like insecticidal soap , to reduce the population of bad insects .
 These traps are just like all the other cheaply made spring traps on the market
 So here 's my story . First of all , I 've no particular interest in promoting any particular mole trap . I just want to let folks know what worked -LRB- and did n't -RRB- for me.About five weeks ago I began to notice that I had a new mole problem in my yard . Two to four new mounds would be noticed each morning . I had a similar problem last year and a ` professional ' mole trapper caught one and the problem went away for several months.I initially bought three different brands of traps -LRB- Macabee , Talprid , and Victor -RRB- and set them out following the manufacturers instructions . Because I have a big lawn and wanted to construct a valid ` scientific ' experiment I set out six of each trap in various locations throughout the lawn . Each morning I would check the Macabee and Victor traps and usually I would see that the traps had been covered by dirt . To me this showed that the holes were active . However , in all these cases the traps failed to trigger despite proof of fresh mole activity . The Talprid trap was occasionally triggered but no evidence of mole demise was found ... and fresh mole activity was noted the next day.I then recalled the brand of trap that the mole trapper from last year had employed . A little internet search showed me that it was the Cinch brand mole trap . I purchased several Cinch traps and , after they arrived , began to incorporate them into my experiment.I kept using the Victor and Macabee along with the Cinch traps despite my yard looking like a miniature movie set of a battlefield with mini-craters everywhere . But ... success ! Two days after beginning use of the Cinch traps I caught the first of three moles . The Victor and Macabee traps continued to be buried , rarely triggered , and never caught anything.Three weeks later I still have n't had moles return . If they do I 'll doubt I 'll use anything but the Cinch traps.Analysis
 falling apart on arrival . have to send back . what happened to coleman quality . . it went out the window along with amazon customer service .
 This lantern was not easy to assemble and we cindged the inside mantles the first time we used it . We purchased extra and cinged those as well . We may have done something wrong but I have yet to find out what that was . Needless to say , we went on our camping trip and I never used the lantern ; luckily that was n't the only one we took . So if you decide to purchase this lantern try it before you leave home and take an extra lantern , preferably battery operated .
 I believe in the saying `` buy cheap , buy often '' but let me tell ya , a high price no longer means quality . - Every part is cheap and weak . - After one use and transport in the supplied hard case the mantel broke from the bottom . - The mantels are expensive , apparently more prone to failure than globes because they attach at 2 points . - The mantel light was very weak at the bottom , only bright at the top - The electric start rarely works and can result in an explosion if you 're not careful . It always sparks but is n't positioned to light the gas well . - The fuel valve is weak and spins easily . - Fuel flow makes a howling sound at low-to-medium setting . - The only reason a hard case is required is the fact that the construction quality is so poor.I like the look and feel of traditional lanterns and the light they give . I find that the propane tanks very convenient . But I 'm very disappointed in the quality of this product , I expected much more out of a $ 65 lantern from Coleman . All I got is a $ 15 piece of Chinese junk.I would n't trust this product for a weekend camping trip much less in an emergency situation .
 The quality control on this lantern is extremely poor . The piezoelectric starter produces a usable spark perhaps one out of seven pushes , making lighting this an exercise in frustration . I ended up lighting it with a match the first time and getting a sore thumb on subsequent attempts to start it with the push button . The threaded coupling is cocked at an angle , leaving the lantern leaning on an otherwise perfectly straight propane cylinder . The regulator knob has a very sloppy feel and a finite number of poorly placed levels rather than the smooth , continuous settings on my 10 year old Coleman dual mantle lantern . Last but not least , the regulation of the gas flow is very poor at the higher settings , producing a sputtering sound and an annoying , flickering light . This lantern uses a single , accordion shaped mantle that will require you to stock spares specific to that lantern . Avoid this product and stick with the older design .
 Oh well , even Coleman is entitled to make a goof every now and then . All in all , I still think very highly of just about the entire line of Coleman outdoors products . Aside from the unfortunate defect , I loved the lantern , it could have been the best I ever owned otherwise . It 's extremely bright , but the lumen output is n't what is described on this page -LRB- at the time of writing -RRB- . Expect 1545 lumens , not 1600 . Having received and returned my first lantern due to a loud screaming noise it made when the lowest setting was used , I 'm about to rebox and return the 2nd one too , this time for a refund . I give up , this one does it too.It seems to have something to do with temperature variation . When you turn the lantern down from a higher setting , or when the lantern rises to a certain temperature having been started on low and allowed time to heat up , the unit begins to emit what quickly becomes an ear-splitting noise . A screaming whistle is the best way I can think of to describe it . It 's really loud ; I was afraid the sound would shatter the glass globe , no kidding . It 's really annoying too , and if you wish to use the lantern on a low setting at night , you 're hosed , eh?I 'm hoping Coleman will do something to correct the flaw , I really do love the lantern otherwise . If you do buy in spite of my warning and you get a better result , please be sure to write and let us know ! I 'd love to try again if given reason to !
 The lantern was advertised as new but when I received it it has a big gash in the lid portion ... I used it once successfully and the second time I tried no propane would flow . . This was very inconvenient in the dark backcountry !!! Shipping was reasonable but a damaged item despite a hard case is unacceptable !!!
 Based on the other `` glowing '' reviews of this product , maybe I got a bad one . Three major problems : - The Instastart ignition works only about 1 in 20 times . By the time it decides to work , the globe is full of propane , and the lantern explodes when it ignites . - The lantern makes an * extremely * loud humming noise when on low , like a musical instrument . When turned up , the humming stops , and the -LRB- expected -RRB- hissing sound can be heard . - The knob to control the propane flow is far too flimsy and loose for a product that uses an inflammable substance . It spins around freely like a roulette wheel . This is a serious design flaw.The way I received it , this product is * extremely dangerous * . I expect more from Coleman . I returned for a refund.YMMV .
 I purchased this lantern and promptly returned it . The `` instastart '' never started it and the mantle failed immediately . I would stick with the lantern type that has a hanging mantle rather than one that connects at top and bottom . Poor design in my opinion .
 I am not very happy with this product ! For suposedly being one of Colemans better lanterns the quality is poor . The top cover was marred badly and rusty . Instant start is a joke . I have to push the button 5-10 times to get it to light and I am leary of it as I am afraid an accumulation of propane could explode . Inserting a match does n't work well either . I would not recommend this product to anyone and I am considering returning .
 Well built , it can make your gate opening and closing easy . The bolts are of a very poor construction . When I tightened the nut up the threads stripped out . After that I had to cut the bolt in two to remove it so I could replace it .
 I was in the market for a small , light mower to complete my lawn after using my 60 '' deck . The mower came shipped in a single box with the wheels and handle unassembled . Surprisingly these items were packed loose on top of the mower deck . These loosed items scratched the deck . Not too big of a deal considering this just a mower but this should have been a red flag to the lack of quality.The mower assembled easy enough but two flaws were evident on the onset . The pull was very difficult , difficult to the point were I was concerned my wife would be unable to start the mower . The second was the gas capped easily cross threaded AND it leaks through the breathers . I discovered this when I tilted the mower to inspect the deck before I fired up the mower . A full tank and a hill would cause gas to leak onto the deck.After running the mower for under five minutes -LRB- enough time to discover the plastic flap at the back interferes with the blade -RRB- the engine had a catastrophic failure . A slight vibration quickly turned into a major vibration then a full failure with oil blowing out the exhaust . I was able to mow less than a 10X20 area before the mower died . Maybe I got a lemon but I will not invest in this one again to find out.On the other hand , Amazon was awesome , quickly resolving this issue to my complete satisfaction !
 I purchased this lawn mower and the pull cord is defective . I have not put any gas or oil in it yet and sill can not return it and have no way of contacting anyone .
 Lengthy assembly , very hard to start , been working over an hour , still has n't started , new right out of box , gas , oil , plug , everything by the book , properly primed etc. still wo n't start.Had the previous version of this exact machine for 10 years , great product , this one ; forget it !
 This lawn mower broke on me before I had even used for ONE season . I used it for about two months before it stopped running.I even cleaned out the carbourator and gas lines and tank , but to no avail . You get what you pay for I guess . Do NOT buy this mower . Spend the money to get something that lasts .
 Okay , so I finally needed a new lawnmower and this one got some good reviews and looked like a great price to boot.So I ordered and when it arrived - there was some kind of fluid spilled all over inside the box and you can see how the handle is long and should be in two pieces -- well I only got one of those - I have half a handle for this lawnmower.The bolts you need to put on the wheels - I got 3 of them for a 4-wheeled lawnmower . `` No problem '' I think - `` I will contact Amazon and they will exchange it for a lawnmower with all the parts this time and better packed '' . Insert sound of screetching brakes HERE.It 's not returnable and they are not interested in helping . end of story.Better to go pick one of these up in the store where you can at least see the parts and have a return option if necessary .
 You ca n't returned this item if something is wrong with it . Just letting you know.I got this mower and we say that the part holding the pull cord was dented in so bad that you could not pull the cord . It and nothing protecting it during shipping . Lucky for me that they were will to work with me to get my money back because it was broken . I think if they had just protected it during shipping it would have been fine . It looked like it was dropped or something dropped on it
 Yard Machines 11A-020B000 20-Inch 148cc Briggs & Stratton 300 Series Side Discharge Gas Powered Push Lawn MowerI bought one of these 2 years ago from HOME DEPOT . It lasted one season and would n't run anymore . I took in for warranty , I got it back for a $ 75.00 charge -LRB- ? -RRB- . Their report said it needed a spark plug , the carb repaired , and that the engine was failing . It ran half of this season and died again . I hauled it to the dump . It also used a lot of gas !
 As this mower is equipped with a Briggs & Stratton engine , I had high expectations for quality and workmanship . The directions to assemble were straightforward and easy to follow . Owner 's manual for the engine was good with clear instructions for start up and maintenance as well as clearly labeled diagrams . However , I was greatly disappointed when I went to start up the mower for the first time . I gave the starter cord a pull and the cord would not retract at all . After removing the housing for the starter cord retraction mechanism -LRB- right on top -RRB- I discovered two issues . First , the coil spring had not been anchored properly . Second , the wheel around which the starter cord is wrapped was NOT round and interfered with the cover , preventing it from spinning freely . Fixing the coil spring took about an hour as it immediately came out and unwound as I was trying to locate where it should have been anchored . There is a little metal flange on the inside center of the cover where the inner end of the coil is supposed to be hooked . It was difficult to get the inner end of the spring anchored as there is little clearance between the wheel and the cover . The second issue was easy enough to fix , just shaved a bit of the plastic off the wheel where it was obviously out-of-round . Once I fixed the starter cord retraction mechanism , the mower started up with no problem , hence I did not give this mower 1-star . I attribute these issues to poor workmanship by Briggs & Stratton and a lack of quality control . This issue would have been easy to spot with a quick functional check at the factory before shipping . It was very disappointing to get a new machine with such an obvious defect .
 Got this for my son he used it 3 times and now it wo n't stay running . Just a waste of money .
 This mower literally lasted for two uses . Now the carburetor needs a replacement , and I will have to go through the manufacturer for a warranty repair . I ca n't recommend enough that you not buy this mower . Depending on how the manufacturer process goes , it will be hard to justify even the $ 125 I spent on it . I really wished I had put in the extra money for a nicer machine , even as casual a mower as I am . Utterly disappointed .
 There were no assembly instructions in this package ; it is also missing some parts . I have no instructions on how to set up this lawn mower , some parts are missing and I can not send it back . I would like to exchange mower and I ca n't . I really do n't know if I should exchange it , I 'm traumatized to do so . I 'm sorry but I do n't have a tree where the leaves are money . I do n't like to throw away money , and I threw away my money buying this lawn mower . Amazon could have said they would like a donation , I would have preferred not to be mislead , and let me donate the money , than to sell me a useless item . My grass is growing and I have no lawn mower to cut it . Maybe I can pretend to cut my grass with it , oh but I ca n't its missing the assembly instructions , and parts . This is the first time in all my history of dealing with Amazon that I have had a problem and it can not be resolved . So now I am stuck with a lawn mower that has no assembly instructions and is missing a few parts . What good is a lawn mower without parts and assembly instructions ? Amazon this is not the reputation that you stand on , what has happen ? As a valued customer , my loyalty to you should be appreciated . Please fix this big mistake that was made by Amazon , not the customer . I do n't talk badly about items , but I will have to do so . I was would have preferred to donate the money to cancer research , and pit-bull rescue than to a useless shell , they are more deserving of the money than this useless piece of crap . I feel horrible that I have wasted money when there are people and animals more deserving of my money . Please do not buy this item .
 Yard Machines and Amazon still have not shipped my order yet . Nothing . If I had known the item was not going to ship in a reasonable amount of time , I would have ordered it from Wal-Mart or a different site .
 Looking for a replacement mower , found this Lawn Machine but having read the reviews both good and bad I 'm afraid to buy this product . It would be my luck to buy a lemon and have no recourse . Amazon should improve it 's warranty guaranty so that customers can take the mower to local repair shops for warranty service .
 I purchased this Yard Machines push lawnmower from a lawn/garden store ; my primary purpose was to use it as a trim mower because the majority of my lawn I use a riding lawnmower for . To that end , I did not need a heavy-duty push mower that was going to log many hard hours . I selected this mower because of its price , simplicity , and on the perceived reliability and quality of the Briggs motor.Purchased it last year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- ; assembled it this winter , and used it 3-4 times this spring -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . Assembly impressions
 1ST USE - THOUGHT THIS WAS GOING TO BE A GREAT MOWER . AFTER 1ST USE - IT 'S BEEN NOTHING BUT TROUBLE . WO N'T START - BACKFIRES - WO N'T CONTINUE RUNNING . HAD TO TAKE IT TO THE AUTHORIZED REPAIR SERVICE AFTER 1 USE . THEY SAID IT WAS THE SPARK PLUG -LRB- WEIRD FOR A NEW MOWER -RRB- & I HAD TO PAY FOR THE NEW SPARK PLUG . HAS N'T WORKED ANY BETTER AFTER THAT . STILL BACKFIRES . NOW WO N'T EVEN START AGAIN . THIS MOWER IS GARBAGE !!!!
 The great part about this lawnmower is that it arrived on time and was super easy to put together . However , I received a refurbished lawnmower . The spark plug had black spray paint on the outside of it . We had to scrape the paint off to find out what the plug number was because the mower kept fowling out the plug . I had someone look at it and they found a pin hole in the diaphragm gasket in the carburetor . We replaced that and the spark plug and that was not the problem so I took the mower in to have it serviced . It will be 2 1/2 weeks before they can even look at the mower and who knows what the problem is or how much more this is going to cost me . If you are still interested in buying this mower Wal-Mart sells it for around the same price -LRB- which I was not aware of at the time I ordered this mower from Amazon -RRB- so then if it is a piece of junk like the one that I bought then at least you can take it back and get it replaced or get your money back . And the great part about this is that I only had the mower for two days before it started acting up ... go figure!HEY AMAZON ! Hope you are reading this review !
 We bought this lawn mower because it was the cheapest one we can find with mulch discharge . When it came , and my husband spend 2 hours putting together , it turn out there is absolutely no `` flip of the side flap '' that converts the mower from mulch to side discharge like stated in the product description . We had to return the product .
 I was disappointed that this machine did n't offer the chance to compare my own rating with those who gave it 5 stars . When trying to assemble it I found that the handle was 2 '' too wide for the body - apparently it was the wrong handle for this model . And mulching would have been impossible since the side discharge chute was not closeable . I was also surprised to find that the mower was not returnable , something I could not find noted on the item description even when I went back and looked again.That said , Amazon was very helpful in taking care of the problem . I was able to reach a customer service rep quickly and talk by phone . My complaint was resolved very well . Some have posted with frustration about Amazon 's customer service , I do n't understand where the problem was . I had no trouble at all .
 First , this company claims they are American made but a majority of their products are imported from China . I purchased their super feede . The squirrel guard is poor fitting and flimsy , and the plastic started you discolor after a month . I contacted North Staes directly because the bird perches kept falling off and left a message for someone named Julie who I was told is their saes Manager . Never heard back from her . Scrapped it and bought a Perky Pet of similar size . Much better product .
 I bought two of these `` bird feeders '' to replace 12 year old ones of the same style . Although the pictures shown on line were identical to the feeders I was replacing , the items delivered were a new version which included a bar down the middle of the feeding port so birds ca n't get the seeds -LRB- sunflower -RRB- . I hung them in the same place as the old ones which provided heavy feeding traffic and after two weeks of trying to get seeds the birds have moved on.I guess these units are really just yard art as they sure do n't serve any other purpose.I Emailed customer service but after 1 1/2 weeks I still have no reply .
 I was somewhat put out with this product . Looking at the picture , and the description , one would think this to be one sturdy bird feeder . Oh , but not so . The tubs are supported by the top , which when removed , allows the tubs to come undone from the little niches that hold them in place . Not particularly good when one is fighting a bag of birdseed . Plus , the bird would have nothing to do with it . Okay , I 'm just saying ... when I had a gold one , the birds were all over it . This one sat in my backyard for two weeks and I only recall seeing maybe two or three birds on it . Perhaps I have picky birds .
 This item is simply not a good bat box . I did some research before buying and chose this model mainly because of the price . The description does not provide valuable information , such as size . This box does not contain any of the recommended features for a successful bat shelter.The interior of bat boxes has to be grooved , roughed , or contain some material -LRB- such as screening -RRB- for the bats to cling on to . The interior of this box has been sanded smooth - very smooth . Bat boxes need to have a `` landing plate '' for the bats to fly to and land before climbing up in to the shelter . This box has nothing like that . Bat boxes should be assembled with screws to prevent separation over time , and boxes should be sealed for insulation . This box is assembled with tiny nails , and the seams are not sealed . I highly doubt that this box would survive more than a couple of years before it split open and became unusable . From what I have researched , which is quite a bit , this particular box will not provide suitable shelter for bats if any even bothered to roost in it . I am returning this one to the seller and ordering a bat shelter that stands a better chance of attracting , and keeping a nice colony of bats .
 I can not believe a company with any customer focus would sell these pieces of garbage . The wood is flimsy and the house was broken upon arrival . It was put together with staples . I managed to salvage it and put the pieces back together . No hangers were included . Stay away from this company .
 I 'm still surprised that it costs over $ 20 to build a simple bat house like this one , but after extensive searching , it seems this is a fair price.Unfortunately , this particular house is put together Very cheaply . Simple staples hold the roof on , and the interior wall / slat is not secured well , so it can shakes back & forth . But the biggest problem I have is
 This bat house was not well built on the inside . One of the panels was not secured and I had to take it apart and re - build it . It would have been better if more attention had been paid to the quality of construction .
 No way to keep pole upright ... first bird or wind that hits it and the thing is standing lopsided in your yard . Albeit inexpensive , it 's a waste of money .
 This looked like a great idea , I bought 2 other feeders with this one last year . The Pop-up Coach feeder is already in the trash can . I bought it for the pole which lasted one week , it got bent by the wind . I also had problems with the `` pop-up '' falling down . I do n't recommend it even to hang up . not worth the hassle or money .
 They do n't fit my 20 '' poulan pro chainsaw.The rail sliders on the inside of chain do not fit this saw !
 Start by looking at the picture they show . That is not what I got !!! It was re-packaged and open both -LRB- not 1 -RRB- of the chain saw blades it bought , SO THIS WAS NOT AN ACCEDENT . I paid more because I am sick of crap , made in China blades from Home Depot , but what did I get ??? I asked the seller to contact me and they did not , Worning !!!
 The file guide works great , and the handle is usable though cheap , but the file itself is junk . My initial indication that something was wrong came the first day when the file bent . Hardened files should not bend , ever . They should break first . By the time I had used up my first chain , the file teeth were completely gone . This file set is fine if you need a guide and plan on replacing the file , or if you rarely ever use it , but if you intend to actually sharpen your saw from time to time , you 'll use more time trying to get the file to cut than you will spend actually cutting wood.It gets 2 stars because it is a decent price for the guide and handle .
 They were much longer than I thought from the discription . I was looking for individual ones that would fit on dinner plates , like the ones they use at Red Lobster . They are also spaced to far apart for placing food on them without splitting . I had to rebend them . Okay for BBQing but not to serve on .
 I ca n't believe Oregon is marketing stuff like this POS ! It seems like an engineer thought he/she had a good idea , let someone in China slap them together , and never pulled one out of the bubble wrap to test or use one before putting them on the shelves . I 'm neither a novice nor mechanically challenged . I typically sharpen my chains on my electric grinder in the shop . I bought this hand unit last year in the off-season to have with my saw in the field in the event a chain needed a touch up . I thought I better check it out in the shop to avoid the learning curve in the field . Glad I did . It 's now in the trash.Specifically
 Probably a usefulful tool , but the instructions are terrible . The print and diagrams are so small that they are almost impossible to read , let alone understand .
 I have used this for a couple years.It is n't very durable . Shortly after I began using it had to put a nylon strap around it to hold it together.Also the knob that you tighten to hold the sharpening `` sticks '' is not easy to work with and does n't hold very good unless you use a pliers to tighten it in place . This is a problem since the knob is hard to get at with your fingers and/or pliers.Save some money by just using your electric drill to sharpen it or get a higher end product . You just need to match the angle of the sharpening with the angle of the chainsaw teeth .
 I would expect a much better quality product from Oregon ... while it sharpened my several saws reasonably well , the plastic body cracked and fell apart and the guides became useless .
 I have used a manual Oregon sharpener for 28 years and thought this one would be easier and faster.But it 's really like sharpening free hand , with no depth stop of any kind only degree marks to go by . I 'll buy another manual . I own a sawmill and cut a lot of timber not some weekend warrior .
 Non of these analog gauges are accurate . They will work in a pinch but they can be off as much as 10 degrees very easily . Save yourself the trouble and get a digital thermometer .
 I bought two of these for my reptile cages because I need an ACCURATE reading of my temps and humidity levels ... After removing them from their packaging I set them side by side on our kitchen table for over an hour . They did n't agree with each other . There was a 5 degree difference in the temp reading and about 6 points off on the humidity reading between the 2 IDENTICAL Thermometer and Humidity Gauges ... Oh and it get 's better ! -LRB- Actually worse ! -RRB- ... After installing them inside my reptile enclosures I put my digital Thermometer/Hydrometer in the same location of one of the Zoo Med ones side by side . They disagree EVEN MORE ! ... As I type this they have been side by side for almost 24 hours and my digital Thermometer/Hydrometer reads 75 degrees F. and 38 % humidity . The Zoo Lab -LRB- right next to my digital one -RRB- reads 78 degrees which is n't that far off but it says the humidity is 52 % !! That 's a 14 point difference !! I expected better from a `` Zoo Med '' product and for $ 12 . a piece they are way over priced ! The quality of the plastic is less than a McDonalds Kids meal toy ! Extremely disappointed with this product !!! . **** I would n't have even gave it one star but it would n't publish this unless I did !!! I see others have the same complaints - I should have read the customer reviews before I made a purchased . What a total waste of my hard earned $ 25.00 !! I should have bought a second digital !
 Being a bearded dragon owner , I needed a thermometer and hygrometer to keep track of the temperature and humidity in its tank and ensure it met the strict tolerances for a healthy dragon . My expectations were not high - I do n't need -LRB- or want -RRB- fancy bells or whistles , just for a thermometer to do what it 's supposed to . You know , tell the temperature.Unfortunately , this chunk of plastic is useless even for that . It consistently measures the temperature at over 90F on the cool side of the tank , even though that is not possible given the cool -LRB- and often air-conditioned ambient temperature -RRB- . There have even been times that it reported temperatures greater than the hot side of the tank , where I have a heat lamp shining right on another -LRB- working -RRB- thermometer.This makes me question the accuracy of the hygrometer as well . Maybe it 's the spring mechanism , maybe it 's a shoddy design , or perhaps I just got a bum unit . But if device that only has one purpose ca n't even do that well , then it is a horrible product .
 Velcro absolutely does not stick . It felt off the wall 2 days after attaching - and would not stick to -LSB- clean , dry -RSB- glass at all afterwards . What a waste : -LRB-
 I was going to use this with the Zoo med nt 3 terrarium.When I first got the package the room temperature seemed slightly higher than indicated by my digital thermometer.After I installed it into the terrarium , the temperature was still showing higher than it actually was -LRB- I have 2 other independent digital thermometers installed in the terrarium at the same level and area as a back up to see if one goes whack -RRB- Next , the humidity measure was also way off , my terrarium needs to maintain high humidity -LRB- 90 % + -RRB- both of my other humidity measures agreed that humidity was kept at or over 90 % while this product jumped between 80 % - 50 % . In my opinion this product is way over priced and does not live up to its promises , just go digital -LRB- buy a couple units to make sure they agree on temperature and humidity levels if you 're paranoid like me on reliablity -RRB-
 This is not what I expected it is made of cheap plastic . The thermometer is 7 degrees off . I would not even pay a $ 1 for it . Not recommended .
 The thermometer is fine . It 's within about 2 degrees of what my calibrated thermometr reads . That 's the most I really expect out of this.The humidity indicator is * WAY * off however . It reads 65 % when there 's really 40 % humidity . That 's a big problem .
 I thought it might be of use in splitting some locust pieces that a neighbor had trimmed from his property and the trimmer had kindly knocked up into fireplace size pieces for me . I also bought the Fiscar ax . I did n't understand that the wedge is for felling only . Actually , I did n't need the wedge , as the ax was exceeded expectations . I 'll keep the wedge and find some use for it .
 This chainsaw chain does not fit all Poulan 16 '' chainsaws ! However , there is no way to know this from the information available here on Amazon . This chain will fit some Poulan models but will not fit a lot of other models . I 'm sure this is a good quality chain but until Oregon provides more compatibility information I 'd stay away from their brand .
 I just returned this item because the top and bottom pieces wo n't snap together . It looks like they changed the design putting the locking tabs on the red bottom and not the clear top , but they did n't mold them correctly so they would snap together .
 Got the feeder and it leaked as soon as I filled it , hubby used a sealer in it -LRB- Fixed -RRB- gather hummers within second . As soon a the bees found it was a NO win battle for me . Tried everything oil spray -LRB- not good really for the hummers -RRB- IT DOES WORK BUT AS THE BEE KEEP TRYING ... WHAT A MESSY MESS ON YOUR WINDOWS ... This is easy clean , but hard to resnap clips on back sure they will not last long before they break . I say birds like if you have No bees try it . Gave it to my dad he does not get many bee it it is working out for him . -LRB- Of couse he is not changing it ONLY ME CAREFULLY -RRB- & his is only changed once a week where I had to due daily ... Try & maybe you willbe lucky .
 It holds together very loosely with a thin plastic latch that breaks after a few uses , resulting in the water spilling out and no way to close it again unless you use lots of strong packing tape . Even when it does work , the pieces hold together loosely and it leaks a lot .
 After filling the reservoir the reservoir slots into the base and is held onto the the base with a small plastic arrow . Did n't even work once . The arrows were too small for the fitting and the bottom fell off as soon as I turned it right side up . I 've just thrown it away rather than bother with a return .
 I 've got two of these , but will not be getting any more . As indicated in other reviews , the tabs holding the two pieces together break off very easily , making the feeder all but unusable . The other problem is that these feeders leak sugar water at the joint between the two pieces , which means they 're constantly covered with bees and wasps , which chase the hummers away.The hummingbirds like them while they last , but there are better options out there . I 'd recommend the Opus model 455 window feeder instead . It does n't break or leak , and the birds like it a lot .
 The clear plastic that holds the clear part to the red bottom to the is way too easy to break . It 's a shame because the hummingbirds like to use it -- and it 's a great way to watch them . I have bought four of them and no matter how careful I am it breaks sooner or later !
 Although our hummers love this feeder , and a window feeder lets us see them readily , this feeder is difficult to fill and difficult to clean . There are 2 plastic hooks that you compress to open it ; the first broke within the first two fillings , and the second broke a few weeks later . I 've jury-rigged it with wire , but you have to clean and refill these feeders often , so another design that opens more easily would be much better .
 We built our home in a rural area 14 years ago , and are lucky to have hummingbirds in our back yard . So getting them to come to a feeder has been a breeze . They 're highly entertaining , and making nectar is a lot easier than messing with bird seed!From the start , I put a hanging feeder in the front yard on a shepherd 's hook . On the patio window , I placed a Perky Pet Window Mount feeder . From the living room , I can see both feeders . There 's almost always someone at one or the other , sometimes both . Hummer fans will surely understand how special this is.The reason I bought Perky Pet is because locally , that 's what every store carries . This is the only window mount feeder available in the brick and mortar stores . It 's a frustrating product though . I 've never had a problem with the suction cup . I 've had petals blow off , but the hummers do n't mind that . The problem is the prongs on the back of the reservoir . Sometime , they 're going to break . I 've had them break on first filling and fiftieth filling , and even if I can get the well to stay on the reservoir for awhile , eventually it slides off . I only mount one of these at a time , and have bought as many as 3 in a season . I 've also had them last more than one season but never more than two . The hummers get frustrated if the food disappears . They chase us around!I 've emailed Perky Pet about this issue , which they acknowledge . That 's been a couple years ago , and I bought a new one this spring , because last year 's broke . Well , two weeks ago , a prong broke off , and I know I 'm on borrowed time . I will not buy another of these , since the problem has n't been resolved . I 'll look for a window feeder by another manufacturer . This is the only Perky Pet feeder I 've had a problem with , and I would not recommend it . I know I 've bought at least 20 of these , and every single one has broken . I 've only bought two for the shepherd 's hook !
 The hummingbirds love it but it is hard to take the flowers off to clean and the red base fades within months . You will have to buy it yearly . Too bad the bottom was n't made better .
 The clips that you have to press in to remove the container to fill it are so cheap that they snap off with the slightest pressure . I ordered three and the shipment was cheaply packaged and one was cracked . All in all , just cheap junk and I wo n't order this brand again . So very disappointed . I might as well have taken my money and burned it . Of all the items i have bought off of Amazon , I 'm surprised they would have such a shoddy vendor and item . -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 l 've had three of these and they all broke where the bottom clips to the top . l was extra careful with these parts too . They are very nice but do n't last . Now l get the Jewel Box Window Hummingbird Feeder which is great and you can use it with or without an ant moat . Very east to clean and you can see the birds better .
 The two pieces do not fit snuggly together and leaks terribly . This product was not usable for me at all . I was very disappointed . To use the product , I will need to use some type of sealant on the red part to keep from leaking . I do not recommend this product .
 I purchased three of these feeders . The hummingbirds enjoy feeding from them , but the single suction cup always fails . The feeder is pretty durable and survives the fall a few times , but eventually breaks.I found a double suction cup bird feeder bracket at Wal Mart for under $ 3 that holds a heave glass feeder with no problems . This little feeder simply needs to be retrofitted with better a better suction cup design.I would n't recommend this feeder .
 I have bought 3 of these - 2 I had to send back because the top did n't ` click ' into the bottom feeder , the plastic was warped . I was not happy with this product .
 I have had 2 of these feeders , and both of them broke in the same way . The 2 plastic pieces of the base that slide and click in to the reservoir are poorly made and crack very easily . My first feeder lasted at least through the season , then broke . I just purchased a second one , and when I took it out of the box and went to fill it , and one of the plastic pieces snapped ! I did n't even get to use it once.On the other hand , it is very easy to clean , you do n't have to get a tiny bottle brush into the small reservoir openings that are common with humminbird feeders . The hummies seem to like it , too . If you do n't care that you may have to -LRB- very -RRB- frequently replace it , it may be a good purchase .
 The product came in a loose envelope . The paper box of the item is not sturdy enough to protect the plastic material of this product . A small piece of plastic has been broken . Even though the item is still functional , I am very unhappy with the vendor who did not ship the product in a sturdy box . The sucking cup is pretty strong , after several weeks , it still hanging strong on the window .
 I dropped my Perky Pet window mount feeder and one of the little plastic clips broke off the back , rendering it unusable . Perky Pet told me they would sell me a new part for $ 6 and charge me $ 10 to ship it to me . I said no thanks . Then I looked for alternatives ; and found a much better product for a lower cost . If you want an excellent window feeder , take a look at the Opus 455 GardenJewels 14-Ounce Glass Window Mounted Hummingbird which is $ 9.99 at this writing , glass and ten times sturdier than this Perky Pet Piece of Junk . I 've owned both ; and I wo n't own anymore Perky Pet feeders.Opus 455 GardenJewels 14-Ounce Glass Window Mounted Hummingbird FeederPlus , it 's eligible for Free Super Saver Shipping . Be smart ; buy something that lasts .
 Two , small plastic tabs are the only thing holding this unit together and they become brittle after a short while , perhaps from the heat and/or sun exposure . You can count on those tabs breaking off too , either the first or second time you have to refill it . Its a great idea and the hummingbirds liked it , but do n't buy unless you can accept this feeder as being a disposable feeder instead of a reusable one .
 My cats loved this feeder -LRB- on the inside looking out , of course -RRB- , and so did visiting hummingbirds . We made our own nectar -LRB- red dye may be bad for hummingbirds ! -RRB- , so we could see them through the reservoir . It is relatively easy to clean , and its 8 oz . capacity was perfect for our hummingbird traffic.The very big downside is that the plastic tabs securing the reservoir to the feeder are too flimsy . I broke two of these feeders in two years . If Perky Pet would improve the design -LRB- i.e. how the reservoir connects to the red base/feeder -RRB- , I 'd reconsider buying one . Lost my receipt -LRB- did n't buy it from Amazon -RRB- so ca n't get a refund . I did make the one that broke mid-season work a bit longer by taping the reservoir to the base . Electrical tape might be ugly -LRB- something else might work better -RRB- , but it worked fine .
 The hummingbirds did drink from it , but only one bird at a time . Whenever more than one bird would arrive they would chase each other away . Also the clear prongs on the back side that attach the clear reservoir to the red base snapped off after a few months of use , even though I was extra gentle whenever I refilled it after reading from other customers how theirs broke .
 The hummingbirds seem to like this feeder , but the clips that attach the reservoir to the base are flimsy and cracked within 3 months .
 we love the concept but the model leaks sugar water all over the window and is empty in a few hours . TOO BAD . DO N'T BUY .
 This hummingbird feeder leaked every last drop of liquid all over our deck as soon as we tried to mount it on the window . The only good part was the suction cup . Do n't waste your money !
 Dulls to unusable in less than 30 minutes of cutting soft wood . Never hit the ground nor were we cutting into any hard woods .
 Within a month of purchasing this product the handle broke and the tube shattered from those little tiny finches . To their credit , Perky Pet did replace the feeder under there 1-year guarantee however I find that I can only fill it about half-way before stressing the feeder too much . In the future I 'll opt for something heavier duty .
 Within a month of purchasing this product the handle broke and the tube shattered from those little tiny finches . To their credit , Perky Pet did replace the feeder under there 1-year guarantee however I find that I can only fill it about half-way before stressing the feeder too much . In the future I 'll opt for something heavier duty .
 i barely made it through one dead pine tree and the chain was dull . are these factory seconds ? something was bad with mine right out of the package
 I just purchased this neat little feeder . Interesting concept and design , but it does n't work . I filled the feeder and it has n't stopped leaking . There is a steady drip from the flowers , so now instead of feeding hummers , I am feeding ants . This is the second Birdscapes feeder I have purchased , the first being the Model 8110-3 which is a pretty copper-and-glass feeder . I bought it because it was so pretty , but it too leaked and made a big mess , then the beautiful `` copper '' corroded and it was n't so pretty anymore . Think I 'll be avoiding this brand from now on.Birdscapes 219 Helix Top Fill Hummingbird Feeder , 16 oz capacity
 as stated in the previous amazon -LRB- and -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- reviews , this bird feeder leaks very bad . i wish i would have read the reviews before i bought it .
 Although marketed as `` drip-free '' , it pours ! No matter how I try to make it work , it leaks like a sieve . It 's a waste of money , a waste of nectar , and it creates a mess .
 This is very pretty but over all a bad product ! Ours started leaking right away so now that makes the item totally worthless , had to toss it in the trash .
 DO NOT BUY THIS CHAIN FOR THE MAKITA UC4030A CHAINSAW . IT WILL NOT FIT . The Makita UC4030A chainsaw is product specific for its parts and only a chain sold by the manufacture will fit on the saw . Go to the Makita website and seek out replacement parts for this specific chainsaw . Sure , the chain will cost more , and it takes Makita five to ten working days to get it in the mail and out to you . However , it 'll save you from being set up to fail , when you need a chain the most .
 Beware ! This chain saw blade is advertised in conjunction with the Makita UC4030A Commercial-Grade 16-Inch 15 amp Electric Chain Saw with Tool-Less Blade And Chain Adjustments . However , the blade does does NOT fit this saw -- it is about an inch too long . AFTER you buy the blade , you can read on the back of the package that it fits the Makita UC4000 ; however , there is no mention of the UC4030 . Amazon should stop listing this blade as a `` Related Item '' on the Makita UC4030 page . I returned it to Amazon for a refund and bought another blade from Makita .
 This saw chain is shown on the same page as the Makita UC4030A Chain Saw so i figured it would fit the saw . Of course it does n't and I had to return it . Whoever puts these web pages together for Amazon need to make sure the assessories shown with the main item actually work with that item . What a waste of time !!
 Bought it with a Makita chain saw because it was recommended as a replacement . By the time I wore out the OEM and tried it it was wrong and the return date had passed complete waste of money .
 This chain needs to be re-engineered or have the claim removed that it fits the Makita UC 4000 . Waste of time and effort trying to fit and then returning .
 Simply put , too long for my makita uc4000 so I can not use it . Very annoying experience . Manu data says it does fit , but it is wrong .
 I am using a Makita UC4030A and ordered this chain as it was recommended with the purchase of the Chain Saw . When I needed to replace the original chain this one was a bit too long . The 1 star is not for the quality of the item but just for the fact that it did not fit my 16 '' Makita . If anyone is using the Makita 16 '' and knows of a good replacement let me know . Thanks
 I filled a 64-ounce soda bottle with nectar and when I turned it upside down in the feeder , it collapsed and the nectar ran out the holes in a steady stream . I tried other types of bottles and it got better but still `` leaked '' out the feeder holes . The holder did not hold the bottle either . I had to alter it to get it to hold the bottle .
 I have two of these feeders in my yard along with several others and these are always the last to empty if even at all . Most of the time I have to dump the liquid as the birds do n't empty it before the liquid begins to rot . Based on my other feeders I think it 's the flower that may keep the birds away until they are desperate for food . The birds seem to go after the tube or funnel shaped flowers first and these are just flat . The price was right , so I 'm not to upset with the quality .
 Filled the feeder , placed in tree - found hummingbird food all over my deck furniture . . LEAKS . Do not recommend .
 The description says easy to clean . How is it easy to clean when the base does not come apart to clean it ? Anybody who knows anything about hummingbird feeders knows that for the birds safety you must keep the feeder clean ! Worse , because the base is a solid green you would not be able to see mold build up in it . I do not recommend this feeder .
 Oregon 12-Inch Semi Chisel Chain Saw Chain Fits CraftsmanIt did not fit . Chain was too short.You need to change the Sears 12 &#34; off the list .
 I recently purchased an Oregon S62 chainsaw chain , as pictured on Amazon.com . The item I actually received arrived in a different box than in the picture on Amazon.com . There were no markings anywhere on the box that the chain was an S62 and identical to the Oregon S62 . When I contacted the seller , he indicated that they shipped the item in a different box , which I already knew . The chain is NOT the identical chain . It does n't cut nearly as good .
 TTT his is what I ordered but they sent me the cheap ass blades in the little boxs but they only last half the time as the ones in the plastic packs lol scamers Max
 I tried this on my Poulan Wood Shark -LRB- gasoline saw -RRB- because it was cheaper than a Poulan brand chain . I would only recommend it for temporary use . Cutting green oak , it dulled far more quickly than a Poulan chain . Worst of all , the drive links are n't shaped quite the same as on a Poulan chain and they started wearing little cuts into the drive cog . -LRB- About 1 mm of a cut after 4 hours use -RRB- It DID fit well and did n't stretch more than expected during the first uses , but because of the cog damage I would only use this again out of dire necessity until I could get a more suitable chain .
 So does the base of this feeder come apart ? Yea the glass is easy to clean but the base is very hard and I am about to throw mine in the garbage and buy a No. 1 Best feeder .
 wanted to like them ... greatest reviews online ... . hung them both ... . cost too much to return and were open and used ... . plastic base leaked in a pinhole ... . tried to fix and could not
 I just bought several feeders , ant guards and nectar which are made by this company.My purchase was through Amazon , so I have searched comments for help in here.The 203 CP is missing one bee guard , , as well as 2 yellow flowers for the model 209 . There are no instructions for attachment . Do I use string , wire or monofilament ? Was some cord supposed to be included ? What is the purpose of the red plastic rod in the jars?I am disappointed , because it 's impossible to put these out unless and until the company replaces the missing parts and answers questions about hanging ...
 I bought two of these feeders about 18 months ago . I was looking for a couple of the best feeders I could find . These were very well-reviewed , and they were made of glass.The bottles are heavy-grade quality glass with screw-on hanger tops . The bottlenecks are very narrow , which makes cleaning difficult , particularly if any mold has developed inside the bottle . Also , these are almost impossible to fill without a funnel.The feeder base is red plastic with snap-in flower feeders , and they are prone to leak . Worse , quite a variety of flying bugs and ants are able to get inside the feeder . The feeder base does not come apart , so you can only keep rinsing until the dead bugs stop floating out . You ca n't see the inside edges of the feeder to see if it 's clean enough . After about a year , the plastic flowers started breaking , so I gave up and tossed both feeders.Curiously , when I first ordered these and was waiting for them to arrive , I picked up a cheap little plastic feeder at a local store . Not only am I still using it , I just bought four more . They 're made by First Nature , and they come apart completely for cleaning . Bugs do n't seem to get inside these , either . They were less than half the price of this model , and the hummingbirds like them a lot .
 -LRB- This is Frank 's wife writing . He is n't in to dealing with hummingbird feeders . He just likes watching the birds . -RRB- I 'm not sure how well this hummingbird feeder actually works as I never tried it . As soon as I opened the box and found that the bottle for holding the food had a neck of less than an inch in diameter along with `` square shoulders '' , I realized that I would never be able to clean it thoroughly . -LRB- Had I been able to see a picture of the individual parts of the feeder , I would have realized it was n't for me and not ordered it . -RRB- I have hummingbird feeders that are truly easy to clean . However , they hold only 2 cups of food and at peak season out here on Whidbey Island -LRB- Washington state -RRB- , I was having to refill/top off my four feeders twice a day . So , the larger capacity of the Perky feeder appealed to me . Nevertheless , the ability to clean my feeders properly is more important to me than the convenience of not having to tend to them so frequently , so I returned the feeders to Amazon unused .
 First off , when I opened the box I noticed it had a very heavy glass bottle type dispenser . If you want this for a patio made of concert or stone you are going to be asking for a mess of broken glass to clean up when it falls . Yes it is goning to fall because of the design of the top cap . The top cap is a NOT a screw on . It just snaps into place . The cheap plastic hanger is just a coated wire that does n't hook to anything under the cap itself . It just sits there under the cheap plastic cap . One strong wind gust and it is a goner.Then there is as in the other reviews about the cleaning . Yes , it will almost impossible to clean inside the bottle , but I will not have to worry about that since mine hit the deck after just 5 days.Since I see so many good reviews about this item , I wander if the manufactor has changed the product since they were written . Here is a list of why not to buy this item .1 -RRB- 30 ounce HEAVY GLASS Bottle .2 -RRB- Cheap Design of a electrical wire hanger3 -RRB- A Lite Weight Plastic Top Cap with not enough strength to hold the 30 Onces of nectar , let alone the Heavy Glass Bottle .4 -RRB- Bottle Design makes cleaning next to impossible .
 Received the one I bought two days ago . But it has a design flaw . I wanted to use it by hanging it and did so . The problem is as long as it is perfectly flat as pictured every thing is OK . But the second it is slightly tilted -LRB- as when a breeze come through or a bird uses it -RRB- all the `` nector '' runs out and you have a mess on the ground or floor . Been using hummer feeders for years and this is the first one with this flaw . I beleive the flaw is the feeding holes are too big and any tilting outof perpendular breaks the surface tension and all the fluid runs out . Mine is now going in the trash . Barry
 I 've had this feeder for years and years and have fed many zillions of hummingbirds with it . It does n't leak , it holds a lot of nectar and as long as you do n't lose the yellow flowers for the base bees and ants do n't get in -LRB- if you lose them you can buy them seperately and replace them -RRB- But I 'm about to replace this feeder . It is just too much of a pain to clean.The reservoir is very large and made of glass , which is good . But the opening is very small . Its especially a problem if you forget to keep the nectar topped off and mold grows inside -- be prepared to scrub it out with a long handled bottle brush , and then rinse rinse rinse rinse rinse . Rinse some more.The base is even worse . It is full of edges and crevices and the only opening is through very narrow openings in the top . It does not dissassemble . How many wasted hours have I spent trying to get the base clean ? I 've had enough . I 'm getting a humzinger dish-type feeder .
 This feeder did not have a top or hook to hang it . It did have a wire but ???? I had the exact feeder that I liked and it lasted for years , but the feeder had a screw cap on top with a round hook . I returned the feeder and received another with a missing top .
 I doubt anyone could design a feeder that is harder to clean if they tried . The sealed plastic base is formed with so many internal nooks and crannies that it is impossible to clean without soaking the base in bleach . It is impossible to get a brush or cloth into the base to remove any debris or mildew . The base should have been fabricated so that it could come apart for easy cleaning . The same can be said for the narrow mouthed glass bottle - extremely hard to clean . The 30 ounce capacity is overly generous if you have one or two birds , because the nectar quickly ferments in warm weather and you end up tossing most of it away . On the plus side , the hummingbirds like the perch.My advice would be to purchase a feeder that :1 -RRB- is easy to take apart for cleaning and is relatively smooth inside , like a two part flat feeder that unscrews -LRB- see the Aspects Hummzinger -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- has a perch ; 3 -RRB- has no more than 12 ounce capacity , or you 'll waste the nectar ; 4 -RRB- is easy to hang -LRB- the wire on my most recently purchased Perky Pet feeder was too short to wrap around even a small branch -RRB- .
 I have had this feeder for 4 months and it is now leaking around the seam in the base . I wish I had listened to the bad reviews and not taken my chances !
 Having three Perky-Pet feeders , I find the 209 which allows 30 ounces of nectar to be too large . Since it is recommended to change the nectar every three days , I fill it at no more than 25 percent capacity . Also , I find if I fill it more than that , the downward pressure of the nectar forces droplets out of the feeding holes .
 It looked fine out of the box , but then I filled it with liquid and immediately it leaked out of the bottom -- the seal in the plastic base is defective , so the water leaks out of the opening in the seam . _ Really _ disappointing , since I 'm on an island and I ca n't just go out and buy another one .
 I bought 2 of these and they seem to be well built but they may be to big for my use , it takes to long for the birds to empty them and I only fill them halfway . I am cleaning my feeders every week or ten days and I am throwing a lot of sugar water away . A nice product but make sure you really need big feeders . I bought 2 because there was free shipping if I bought 2 . After using these feeders for less than 2 months they have both begun to leak , they drip sugar water on our concrete patio and ants are attracted to the small sweet spot on the concrete . I have also been unhappy to find that there is no way to open and clean the lower portion of the feeder . This is unhealthy for the birds that use them . Since I have had them past the return date it is not worth returning them to Amazon . I really got burned on this purchase and I have been a good Amazon customer , that may end . Do n't buy these feeders
 We have had several of these feeders and have never had a problem until now . The two halves of the lower pastic bowl wer n't welded together -LRB- or sealed -RRB- and leaked like a sieve . After taking it apart and gluing the two halves together it no longer leaks . There appears to be a small o-ring inside which did no good whats so ever since it 's ends did n't meet . We have always used these feeders and this is the first time we 've had this sort of a problem . We will continue to buy them but be more careful and test them when first using them .
 This product arrived broken , in suspicious packaging . Please see my review on Birdscapes 279 Deluxe Rose Petal 12-ounce Glass Hummingbird Feeder .
 Have owned this feeder for three years and the plastic rail around the bottom has busted off due to detioriation from the sunlight . Probably would be worth buying at a lower price .
 I did look this product over at a local hardware store.My husband saw an antique glass feeder that was being sold next to this one and we bought that instead and it works great . Important things to remember about feeders is that you need to be able to clean them every 3 or 4 days at the latest . Hummingbirds are delicate so its really important to keep to a cleaning routine . I make my own nectar 4 pts water -LRB- 2 cups -RRB- with 1 part organic sugar -LRB- 1/2 cup -RRB- . You boil it for 1 to 2 minutes , then cool and put in the fridge . Fills a glass feeder twice . I change usually on Sundays and Wednesdays . The hummingbird comes all the time . They are such wonderful creatures . Also , please do n't add red food coloring . You do not need it to attract them and its also potentially damaging . I place the feeder among my bleeding heart bushes.The bird frequents the feeder all day long .
 I have had so many problems with the quality of these feeders , all the Perky Pets , that I can no longer recommend them . The first several I bought in 1999-2005 worked great but subsequent ones all leaked .
 The base of the feeder was cracked and the water poured out . Had to be repaired before use .
 I was all set to love this feeder . I love the glass container , which holds a lot , stays looking clear , and is easy to clean thoroughly . I like the shape and appearance , and the birds love it . What I do n't like , and what is forcing me to retire it , is that the bottom plastic compartment is very difficult to thoroughly clean , and so black mold builds up . If you 're happy to clean the feeder and refill it everyday , this one would be fine . But if you 're like me , and view the large capacity as an excuse to empty it only once a week - not good . It will be moldy by then , despite all the boiling of the food and hot soapy water washing of the feeder you do . Bummer .
 When I bought this I though that the bottom would open so that I could clean it . It does n't . There is no hook on top , just a wire that you need to twist into a loop , which does n't seem secure . I would not buy it again .
 the feeder holds the large amount of liquid i need to feed the hummingbirds but the bottom keeps falling off and all my liquid keeps pouring out onto the ground . not to happy about that .
 hard to take apart the base . And the glass bottle has a VERY narrow opening . All in all , difficult to clean . Not recommended .
 I already had a Best Hummingbird feeder and dumb me I took a chance on this one . First of all it has a design flaw . The hummers around here are a bit shy at times and will `` hide '' on the other side . You ca n't see them . My other feeder has a glass bottle like this one , but a flat base , you can see the birds on the far side.It also leaks out of the seam and has to be returned.I wish I had another hand so I could give it three thumbs down.Get this kind instead : Best-1 32 Ounce Hummingbird Feeder
 Was a pin to me seeing ants infest the nectar I like the ones that have a any mote MUCH better , I bought this and one tha has the ant mote at the same time , and the ant mote one . . was by far better for our needs
 This is the first feeder that I had . It works ok and does attract hummers . It does not attract more hummers than my new feeder -LRB- Aspects Hummzinger Excel -RRB- but it does function.The real problem with this feeder is that it is impossible to clean quickly . I do n't want to spend ten minutes every three days scrubbing and soaking and all that . This feeder is simply a pain in the neck to clean . I have had other inverted bottle feeders and they are the same way . For ease of cleaning a basin style feeder is far better and is also bee/wasp proof by nature of design , not by some cheap snap on components . I also wonder why Perky-Pet insists on yellow flowers as yellow attracts bees , yet another element of poor design.For the money there are better feeders in both construction and design out there such as the Aspects Hummzinger feeders . Aspects stamps the nectar recipe on the feeder thus saving the consumer some money and safe guarding the hummer 's health . Hummingbirds do not need nutrients added to the nectar and red dye is also believed to be a possible thread to the hummers . Again Perky-Pet by selling artificial nectar shows a blatant disregard for the birds and a solo interest in profits ! Do n't waste your money on buying nectar , sugar water is cheaper and believed to be safer for the birds . Natural nectar is not dyed so do not buy colored nectar , or any nectar for that matter . Perky-Pet is only looking out for it 's financial interests by designing cheaply made feeders that are hard to clean and by selling nectar that is unneeded to an all too eager and hummer ignorant -LRB- like I was -RRB- public . If Perky-Pet had the BIRDS in mind they would engrave the nectar recipe -LRB- 1part sugar
 I had high hopes for this feeder , truly I did . I like the large capacity . I know my hummingbirds are attracted to the cheap red/yellow spouts . But I have no idea how to hang it . The box contained not a single instruction as to what to do with the screw-on lid with a hole in it and the flimsy red plastic/wire that comes with . Not so much as a picture hinting at optimal hanging procedures.So I have a relatively heavy glass hummingbird feeder that I 'm supposed to -LRB- somehow -RRB- suspend from a tree with a 7 inch straight red plastic/wire ? And once I add 30 ounces of fluid , how heavy will that be ? And how can this tiny plastic and wire concoction possibily support it?Methinks this may go back to Amazon.com for lack of basic instruction and/or common sense . I have an email out to the manufacturer who can hopefully clue me in as to how to efficiently deal with the essential issues .
 We purchased this hummingbird feeder last year for a spare and it has been hanging in storage until we needed it . Yesterday we decided to put it up since we have an abundance of `` hummers '' all of a sudden and much to our chagrin it immediately started leaking from two spots on the plastic bottom . It was brand new , never in contact with anything , just hanging up waiting until we needed it , and it started leaking immediately upon filling . We have had many hummingbird feeders and never had this problem . I would have asked for a refund but it has been a while since we ordered it , I guess we should have tried it out immediately just to test it but like mentioned , we never thought of it since it was new . I would not recommend this feeder for this reason .
 VERY POOR DESIGN !!! If I were you , I would be ASHAMED to say , `` This is our BEST PRODUCT '' . Only fills from one TINY hole , in the bottle . You MUST use a FUNNEL to add the nectar . This is a PAIN . Also , because the fill hole is SO SMALL , BOTTLE IS EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO CLEAN OF DRIED SUGAR & gets STICKY . GLASS LOOKS DIRTY , ALL OF THE TIME . VERY EASY TO DROP & BREAK . In addition , bees amd wasps are naturally attracted to the color YELLOW . So , what color did they make the flowers ? YELLOW !!! MAKES NO SENSE . ALSO , WHAT HAPPENED TO THE HOOK ? They give you a THIN PIECE OF WIRE , YOU HAVE TO BEND and fashion your own hook . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME . YOU 'LL SEND IT BACK ! WORST I 've purchased yet .
 Over the last eleven years I have purchased this item on three different occasions . Nonetheless , I will not buy it this time . Though the feeder 's capacity it excellent , cleaning it is absolutely impossible.As hummingbird enthusiasts know , these creatures are exceptionally sensitive to chemicals . Not only should n't you clean these feeders with ANY kind of dish-soap , but you CAN NOT clean them with bleach . This can potentially kill the birds . Likewise , hummingbirds are sensitive to mold . Here 's the catch-22 !! Unfortunately , as noted by other reviewers , this feeder 's reservoir does not disassemble , and cleaning this feeder properly is exceptionally difficult , IF NOT IMPOSSIBLE.One reviewer wrote to use grains of rice to clean this feeder . This is a brilliant idea ... and if you buy this feeder , try that !! But , please , do n't use bleach.As for me , I can not stand another year of cleaning this demonic `` thing . '' So , off to the hummzinger dish ... which is not as attractive , but it is safer -LRB- simply because I can not invest the time in cleaning this !! -RRB-
 It works fine until it 's time to clean it . Cleaning it is neigh impossible . The base does n't disassemble and there are lots of little crevices where mold can take hold . Mine has gone in the trash and I 'm looking for one that feeds birds AND is easy to clean . This one is n't it .
 i have bought many a hummingbird feeder , and this one i will not use or even pass on to someone else to use
 Purchased two feeders late lat year . This spring I noticed one of the two now leaks at the seam between the top and bottom portions of the base which is below the liquid level . No abuse or freezing , just leaks now . Soft slippery plastic is impossible to glue so feeder is junk .
 I purchased two more of these feeders because the hummingbirds emptied the 8 oz feeders -LRB- which I prefer because of ease of cleaning -RRB- with in 4 to 6 hours . The last two Perky Pet 209 feeders were useless , the top did n't fit , the tops had to be forced on and now wo n't come off . The tops would not screw on as they should , and of course wo n't screw off now . I would have returned them but I made the mistake of shredding the invoice.As mentioned by someone else in another review , the bottom feeder portion is impossible to clean . I take them apart every night now and rinse out the top with hot water and leave it soaking in clean water all night . I am not sure how long this will keep mold away though . I have purchased two types of brushes for cleaning feeders and they are both useless too . Do n't waste your money on the perky pet mop , or the other brushes Amazon sells that come in a set of three different sizes .
 2nd one I have bought , the first one lasted 6 months , the second one lasted two months . The plastic bottom leaks , purchase at your own risk .
 This was a Christmas gift and now just 3 months later the feeder is leaking around all the flowers ... totally useless . I have used this same type of feeder before and never had a problem like this .
 I ordered this thinking that the bottle fill opening would be as wide as the picture indicated , but it was n't . The opening to fill is about 1/2 -3 / 4 '' wide and hard to fill . I had to use a funnel . Yuk . Would not have purchased if I had known that . But , the large size bottle is nice .
 Ok , I am a hummer feeder , and I use the pictured feeder 100 % of the time-30 oz . I go through more than 1/2 gallon per day , so keeping clean is no trouble -LRB- 4 OF THEM -RRB- . If you are having trouble keeping clean , use a smaller glass feeder so you do n't have the build up . It may be a hassle to fill them more often , but so much safer . Keep a couple extra feeders so you can rotate and thoroughly clean your bottles just as you would when you use `` canning jars '' , even air drying is helpful so I rotate.The main reason that I am writing
 Here 's a great solution for the bleach debate - OxyClean or OxOBrite -LRB- latter is Trader Joe 's brand -RRB- . It 's non-toxic and safe for the environment and I would surmise a safer alternative to bleach for hummingbird feeders , yet , works like a charm . Hydrogen Peroxide works well too , but the foaming action of these products helps a bit . These products loosen that muck around the ports , but you really need a Droll Yankee port brush -LRB- GREAT PRODUCT ! -RRB- or a toothbrush to really get rid of that black gunk . It 's not possible to get at the inside of the ports with this feeder and that worries me . The saucer type feeders are by far the easiest to clean thoroughly . I have eight saucer feeders so I need EASY TO CLEAN as my # 1 priority . This one will be a spare for when I go on a trip and need to stretch my visiting hummers ' nectar needs beyond 2 days .
 I believe this to be a very nice humminbird feeder , however . mine arrived in 50 + pieces due to the packing . It was simply placed in a box along with a book that I had ordered ; there was no padding around it . The box was in tact , but even the book cover was scratched because of the broken glass slipping out of the feeder 's box . I am dissapointed in Amazon for taking such little care in their packaging . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00004RA8P Perky-Pet 209 Our Best 30-Ounce Glass Hummingbird Feeder -RRB- -RSB-
 We have used Perky Pet hummingbird feeds for years . We get so many birds , we have always chosen this larger feeder ; they still ran out daily due to the number of birds . Wanted to replace an old one so we ordered this one . It is not made as well as the old ones and the opening for the water is not as large and my funnel will not fit in it .
 The hook on the cap is flimsy and the first week we had it the hook broke !
 Oregon S40 10-Inch Semi Chisel Chain Saw Chain , Fits Craftsman , Poulan , RemingtonandGreenworks 20062 10-Inch 7 Amp Electric Pole Saw / Tree Pruner/Chain Saw 2-in-1 with 8-Foot Pole ExtensionI just bought this saw from Amazon . Prior to doing so , I printed out the Manual from the GreenWorks site so I could find out which replacement chain to buy . That manual 's spec . page said it used Oregon Micro-Lite chain with a gauge of 0.043 inches . The Oregon Chain web site says 0.043 '' gauge is a `` R `` series chain -- NOT an `` S '' series chain which is thicker . However , even the Oregon site says the 10 '' Greenworks uses an `` S `` series chain . Naturally , Amazon therefore does too and lists an S40 chain as a recommended product to buy with the Greenworks 10 '' saw . Believing the Greenworks manual , I went ahead and bought a R40 Oregon chain and will try the R40 as soon as my saw arrives and update this review . In any event , I have used Oregon chain for 20 some years and they are the ONLY chain to buy . Also , Amazon has the best price for the Greenworks 10 ' pole saw which has great reviews on the internet .
 Too bad I did not read one of the comments that says that this chain , S56 does not fit Poulan 3516F even though it is listed as a fit both on Oregon site and on the box . This chain is at least one link too long for this saw and can not be tightened .
 The box lists Poulan 3516 . I found it is slightly too long and the bar will not go far enough forward to take up the slack . Holding the original -LRB- which has Oregon stamped on it , but no numbers -RRB- I can see that the new chain is slightly longer . I found a post that says that the Oregon 16 '' replacement for Stihl S55 fits OK . I have n't tried that .
 But the Oregon S55 does . I know ... it says Poulan on the package but it 's too long ... waste of money ... S55 does n't say Poulan on the package but it fits the Poulan just fine . Amazon -LRB- and Oregon -RRB- really need to straighten this out .
 So I got this to chop up some very stikery bushes and it worked well for a few hours then the chain started falling off , well after I put it back on it just kept falling off every 15 minutes . The next day I tried again and found out why it kept slipping , the chain was already worn out . I was pleased with this at first , good price , fit my chainsaw but now I think its just cheep crap .
 This only applies to the 14 inch version . I bought one of these at Tractor Supply as a replacement . Within 5 minutes of use , it slung off the bar . I looked it over and it was n't damaged . Tried again , paying special attention to the tensioning screw . It slung off the bar again . Damaged the tracks this time.I returned it and got another . Meanwhile , I got the original sharpened and used it for a few months . Time for a spare again . So the Oregon chain went back on and what do you know - slung it off the bar twice . I know how to mount a chain . This one does n't fit for some reason . Did n't bother returning it . Recycled it .
 The blades seems to be reconditioned sharpened blades . There were not new , they were dull after about about 45 mins of uses on dry wood . I will not purchase any in the future . The four dollars savings is not worth the quality hit you take in performance .
 Despite the description , it does not fit my 16 '' craftsman chain saw . I purchased as a spare . Now that I need it , I find it is useless and I 'm stuck with it since it is past the seller 's return date .
 This Item does not work , it was out of the orignal package and was flying all over the big box it was in ! It was crashed by the big grill that I had ordered !
 The fact that this is one of the most popular hummingbird feeders on the market is mostly due to its wide availability , cheap price , and gaudy styling rather than its quality . I used these feeders for years before discovering better designs , and I came to hate them . The first thing I noticed was that they 're hard to clean , with too many small parts and hard-to-reach tubes and crevices . It takes way too long to take the feeder apart , get all the parts clean , and reassemble it.The next thing that became apparent is that the bee guards really do n't do a very good job . Honeybees and wasps ca n't reach the solution , but some long-tongued bumblebees can , and tiny bees just crawl right inside the bee guard -LRB- and often right into the bottle ! -RRB- . The insects really swarm around when the solution oozes out , as it 's prone to do on warm days -LRB- particularly if you refill the bottle with refrigerated solution -RRB- . It did n't take long to discover that this feeder is also not very durable . The plastic parts do n't hold up to exposure to sunlight , becoming brittle and loose over time -LRB- more quickly in sunny or high-elevation areas -RRB- . The hardened glass bottle is actually the most durable part of this feeder , while the yellow bee guards are the first parts to break down . The size is okay , though if you 've only got one or two hummingbirds visiting you wo n't want to fill the feeder completely.The best hummingbird feeders cost about twice as much as this model , but they will last at least 10 times as long . The feeders I use now are the Hummzingers from Aspects , the Droll Yankees LF , and the Hummerfest from Nature Products Inc. , and the only one I 've ever had to retire got a crack in the basin when I dropped it on a sharp rock -LRB- it was full at the time - I do n't think it would have broken had it been empty -RRB- . I never use anything in my feeders except the solution recommended by all hummingbird experts
 I had this hummingbird feeder . The birds used it , but the feeder was very difficult to keep clean . It tended to get mold in all those little nooks and crannies . In hot weather , you need to change the sugar water every 3-4 days . Choose a hummingbird feeder that is easy to clean .
 This feeder works well , but I 'm now looking for a non-plastic feeder . The plastic base has already cracked and made it very difficult to screw the glass container back into . Flimsy product . Try something more long-lasting . This product lasted less than one year and now is only good for the landfill .
 When the feeder is filled to the top , its thin plastic sides come apart under the weight of seeds , spilling them along the joints and preventing the anti-squirrel cover from sliding down or lifting back . Returning right away .
 I was having serious trouble with the squirrels eating all our bird seed , so I decided that I was going to try this so-called squirrel proof feeder . It worked for a short time until the squirrels figured out how to open the feeder from the top ! No matter how many times I tried to snugly attach the lid , they were able to get in and eat the entire supply of bird seed.Finally , one night , we heard some strange sounds outside . We went and looked and there was a squirrel stuck upside inside the feeder . He was freaking out . We ended up having to get the Humane Society guy out in the middle of the night . Because the squirrel 's foot was wrapped around the wire inside the feeder , the Humane Society guy had to tear the bird feeder apart to rescue the little guy . The squirrel had a bloody foot , but was otherwise okay . And that was the traumatic end to that bird feeder.Since then , I 've invested in one of Wild Birds Unlimited 's Advanced Pole System with a squirrel baffle and I have n't a problem since .
 Purchased this feeder and the squirrels ate over a Lb of food in one day.I have adjusted the springs to the lightest setting with no help in avoiding them eating from it . I have watched them hanging from it and the way they avoid setting the slide to go down is they keep both rear feet on the lid . Save your money ...
 I purchased this feeder locally and was very disappointed . The holes are not covered completely when the frame lowers down from the weight of the squirrel . Our squirrels would just let it slide down , and then reach their hands right through the narrow opening that was still there . Unlike some other similar style feeders , the spring on this feeder can not be adjusted . It 's also very tricky to get the lid to stay on after filling the feeder . It has a clamp to adjust it , but if the feeder tips even a bit sideways while you are hanging it , the lid falls off . Amazingly , the weight and shifting of the squirrels did not make the lid slide off though . I brought this right back for a refund after about 4 days .
 Birdscapes 350 Squirrel-Be-Gone I Feeder , 6 lb capacityThe squirrel be gone feature works well but the design of the feeding stations allowed too much seed to fall onto the ground.I watched the sparrows spill half of the feeder in a very short time , now I have to attach a seed catcher to save the seed that falls .
 This is NOT a squirrel proof bird feeder . We have had it up for about a week and the squirrels have had a feast .
 This feeder drops the seed even when there are no birds on it . Poor design is the problem , not a feeder that I would recommend to anyone .
 These bird feeders are not squirrel proof at all . Within 10 minutes , the squirrels had emptied the feeder . We refilled and tried again with no success . I have bought much cheaper feeders that worked better . I am terribly disappointed in the product and would not encourage anyone to buy item .
 I 've had this feeder for over a year and as a regular feeder , this is great . However I did n't realize it was squirrel proof until it popped up in my search for a new feeder . I 've been watching a few obese squirrels run up my pole , reach over and gorge . Or they simply jump to the feeder and attach themselves to the sides as they shove seed and mix into their bulging mouths.Yes , it may pull the feeder down blocking the stations , but only after some time passes and then I have to lift it back up . If you have baffles then it 's a great feeder , but there 's very little squirrel proof about it . In fact my squirrels seem to love it and have gained lots of weight since its been out .
 Although this feeder appears very sturdy it leaves much to be desired . The center wire that runs through the center of the feeding bin allows for the feeder to spin wildly in the wind . I had to drill a hole on each side of the roof and attach a ` Y ' shaped wire that eliminates that spin . Further , the feeding tray where the birds eat the seed has no drainage holes and fills with water . Again , I had to drill four small drain holes to correct that problem . All in all , the feeder is not worth the money unless they correct these flaws . Other than that , it 's perfect .
 Perhaps the squirrels in Maryland are more creative and determined , but ever since we hung the feeder last week , we 've been inundated with squirrels in our backyard . So far , we 've seen one bird using the feeder . The squirrels are able to balance themselves on the bar without it dropping them in order to get to the seed . Twice they have knocked the feeder onto the ground , spilling the contents everywhere . A relative of ours who also has this feeder reports the same problem . The feeder is more secure now and they ca n't knock it off , but they are still able to readily get to the seed.We 've admitted defeat to the squirrels , but at least our cats have a blast chasing them out of the yard !
 I purchased this bird feeder as I have others in hopes of them being squirrel proof . The squirrel 's always seem to out smart me because they are succeeding again because they do n't pull down on the bar . The feed tray holds water if you get a hard rain and their is n't a drain hole which is a little problem.The feeder is easy to fill which is a plus .
 I chose to order this particular item because of prior success with the brand . This one has been a huge disappointment . The top will not stay on , and the squirrels seem to actually enjoy climbing down and knocking the top off . Would be very happy to exchange for one that will live up to its name ...
 Its been up for about a week ... we replaced our regular hopper-style feeder with this in hopes of saving birdseed and to stop feeding the squirrels which would literally EMPTY it out faster than i could keep it full ... so much for that . Now , birds RARELY go to this one and sure enough ... the pesky little squirrels STILL found a way to beat the ` trap ' no matterwhat I do ! Its cheaply made , the plexiglass behind the feeding area was bowed in so when its filled with seed it flows out there ! Im probably going to be returning this $ $ $ feeder for something better if I still can ?! Avoid this and save your money !! -LRB- check out the photo for proof ! -RRB-
 i was sent this as a gift and it worked for about one week . Squirrels simply unscrewed the adjustment screw til it fell on the ground . I put it back on so it unscrewed it again and brought the screw into the woods where it is to this day . Ca n't find it . No screw and the squirrels are just emptying it to their hearts content . I 'll try another one . i miss the birds . My cats miss their little form of TV outside from the screened porch . Too sad .
 Does not workThe squirrel jumps from the ground and feeds awayI have adjusted to bar in many positions
 I have to agree with those not recommending this feeder . The squirrels in my yard somehow just pry the lid up and crawl into the feeder . I have tried several things to make the top more secure , but ended up buying a different feeder .
 This feeder seems well made however if you hang it , it will spin in the wind and the one I received hangs crooked because it is not balanced . It is also heavy and you will need a strong hanger . I intended to mount it on top of a pole attached to the bottom of the feeder . However the bottom of the feeder is attached at an angle to the sides . Therefore if you mount the feeder to the top of a pole it will sit at an angle . I would suggest you keep looking !
 Squirrel climes up . Tray closes . Squirrels pull the feed out from around the `` closed '' tray . They stay perched up on the tray for 20 minutes at a time as they eat through the feed.This is n't a bird feeder . It 's a squirrel feeder , masquerading as a bird feeder .
 This is a great looking bird feeder , there are two drawbacks 1 . It 's very heavy and of course heavier with the addition on the seed . 2 . There are NO DRAINAGE HOLES , the seed quickly molds and goes bad .
 I purchased 3 of these Maxi-Paws 3 years ago . After year 1 , one of them failed . After year 2 , another one failed . Now , during year 3 , the remaining one failed . All of the failures were that the sprinkler would not rotate . It becomes stuck when it should reverse . I replaced the plastic nozzle with a larger one and set the spring position accordingly . No help.I also purchased a RainBird controller three years ago . It lasted one year and then stopped working.The days of quality from RainBird are long gone .
 where is the white ones like these ??? wierd . lots of websites on feeders say do not use yellow , its a known thing with people `` in the know '' about feeders . I learned years ago . yet , nobody sells white flowers ! HUH ??
 This is actually through no fault of Amazon . I discussed with Perky Pet that these flowers came off my hummingbird feeder . They gave me the part number , I ordered them from Amazon . They do n't fit ... so ... be careful what you order . Now I 'm stuck with them .
 I received the package of two water lilies - both are very small . One of them -LRB- the pink one -RRB- had no leaves and only half an inch of stalk left . I 'm curious if these will survive , and if they do survive how long they 'll take to grow . Disappointing .
 plants in water almost a month and only one of two has a leaf above water level . . no indication that blooms are going to happen . disappointed in this purchase . yes , i fertilized them when i planted them .
 The lid on this will never stay down and the slightest about of sway causes it to come loose . squirrels have literally been able to open it and reach in and throw the food out ! Do not buy . . I will be retunring this ...
 I had the hummingbird feeders with the screw on bottles and they started leaking -LRB- from the heat ? -RRB- everywhere and were covered with bees . I bought these to keep the bees away but the feeders were leaking from the seams also so it made little difference . The real cure is to buy the saucer type feeders . I am replacing all my feeders with saucer types . They did keep the bees out of a feeding port with a lost guard . I had repeatedly put a 2 inch screw in the port but the bees were working the screw out !
 I was disappointed because these size bee guards do n't fit any of my hummingbird feeders . I did n't know they came in sizes . I kept them anyway ... hopefully for future use .
 Would have loved to see how this product worked but it did not fit any of my hummingbird feeders . I went to the hardware store to purchase new ones . Did n't fit any of those either . Am very disappointed that it did n't tell you what feeders to use -- would have ordered them as well . Was NOT obvious what so ever !
 I am sure this is an ok product , I had to give it a 1 star because the bee guard did not fit the tip of my humming bird feeder which I believe is a generic size ...
 I 've purchased Perky Pet Bee Guards -LRB- Item model number
 Bought these bee guards to keep the bees out of the glass tube feeders we puchased at the same time . They do n't fit the glass tubes of the feeders .
 Even though I owned a perky pet feeder , these bee guards did not fit properly and fell off . Can not recommend .
 The Perky Pet Bee Guard 4pack does not keep the bees , wasps , hornets or any other flying insect from lighting on the feeder and sucking necter from around the feeding posts . To guard the actual opening is of no advantage .
 I planted these according to instructions , but after almost two weeks there is no sign of life in these water lily bulbs . In fact , they look like they are starting to decay .
 I planted the water lily roots in a heated pond upon arrival . There were a few new leaves in the beginning . Then nothing happened after 4 + months , I took the planters out . All roots are rotten with very bad smell .
 I bought some cheap wand sprayers which only lasted a season so I decided to buy one of better quality . This one was nice quality wise but using it in my garden around the smaller plants I found it just put out to much water . It overwhlemed the smaller plants knocking them over . Turning the control to reduce flow causing it to just drip water . Went back to a cheaper brand with better control .
 I like my flat trays better , the sprouts grow so much better and can breath better too and become much greener and heather .
 This was a strange one . The seeds did not aerate as well as one might think . Tested more than twice and got minimal results -LCB- usually seeds were so soggy -- EVEN WITH THE DRAINAGE HOLES AND FOLLOWING INSTRUCTIONS TO THE LETTER -- and the yields were minimum . Ended up purchasing two sprout masters ; they are GREAT . thx - MLA
 I hate to say that I 'm very disappointed with this product . I 've been sprouting for years with just a 1/2 gallon glass jar , and screen lid . I watched the video on how to use this sprouter several times . I followed the video to the letter . I 'm on the third try . First , even with the small seed insert , when rinsing and spinning the sprouter to get the water out , the small alfalfa seeds fly out in droves . Alfalfa comprises the bulk of my seed mixture . Even after they 've been sprouting for several days I still lose several when rinsing and spinning.With my jar sprouts , I can usually keep them in a plastic bag for up to 2 weeks in the refrigerator . With this sprouter , when they 're ready and I put them in the fridge , I 'm lucky to have them last even a week before getting slimy and smelly.It 's just too bad , because this looked like such a good and easy solution to sprouting .
 This is actually horrible . I would have been better off buying a cheap plastic container and punching holes in it . It is awkward and messy . The lids do n't fit correctly and my sprouts kept getting mushy instead of growing . I have been growing sprouts for over 30 years and wanted something neater than a ball jar and lid , but now I 'm back to that and having great results . I 'm throwing this thing in the trash!Easy Sprout Sprouter
 I used this product for couple of months . I bought it because it looked like a easy way to sprout seeds . But only 60-70 % of my seeds sprout even after using high-quality germinating seeds and following their instructions . I was better off with my previous method of using a bowl/sieve to sprout where I was able to sprout 80-90 % of my seeds .
 I have already offered one review , but for some reason it has not been published -LRB- no , I was n't that rude , indeed , I gave it four stars that time -RRB- . In the past , I have sprouted a lot of mung beans , using the second-hand jar method , and have never produced such disappointing results.I have now used this spouter a little longer and I am less impressed . As I said the first time , the lids do n't fit well enough but now I know it does n't grow as well as it should.The instructions said use between 0.5 and 2 cups of mung beans . This sounded like a lot to me -LRB- I used to use a table spoonful or two -RRB- , so I just used 0.5 cups , rinsed carefully three times daily with a gentle shower head , well drained , and it jammed the sprouter solid in five days . Lots of roots hung out through the drainage holes and turned brown . Dug the sprouts out and the results were thin strands . They were already going brown and even after drying off and putting in the fridge , only lasted two days before being totally unappetising . I know you ca n't get commercial-like results at home , but I 've done a lot better with a jar.Tried again using 1/4 cup of beans , results were not much better . Now gone back to a jar to try to see how that works by comparison . Of course , it may be the beans I bought - time should tell.The kitchen is at a pretty constant 65 to 70 degrees , the jar is standing in a shady part of the counter and there 's plenty of airflow .
 The description for this item is misleading by stating these feeders wo n't drip . Well , maybe they wo n't if you only put enough nectar to cover the very bottom . However , if you fill this feeder past the feeding ports , it will not only drip , but the nectar will actually gush out ! Most other feeders will not do that even with the sloped ports , so I think this type of feeder was a nice idea , but poorly designed and executed.Also , the nectar will slosh out in copious amounts while trying hang the feeder if you are not extra careful and keep it perfectly level . The canopy could have been a great asset but the hanging wire does not seal the hole therefore rain can drip through and dilute the nectar . That is why I bought 4 of these feeders in the first place , because my area receives a lot of rain . Again , the design should be changed to have a molded piece at the top with hole to run the hanging wire through . The perches are flimsy too and I doubt they will last very long.The hummingbirds seem to like it OK but I replaced them with other types of feeders because it was too much of a hassle trying to hang them without getting covered with nectar . And because they do n't hold much , that was an everyday chore . I hope I can find better made feeders with the canopy in the future .
 This product is so poorly made you thought it was made in China 25 years ago when they just started manufacturing . Used it 3 times after I had to modify it myself out of the box . I 'm throwing it away with recycling material so maybe it can be turned into something useful like carpet padding .
 Increases blood pressure 50 points attempting to assemble . Written directions are opposite of picture instructions and all completely unclear . I may never get it put together to try it !! UPDATE
 This spreader may be alright for fertilizer but hardly anything else . I 'm very unhappy with it and would not recommend it .
 Red dye has never been scientifically tested for safety as a hummingbird food supplement , and while its health effects on birds are unproven , red dye is suspected by licensed rehabilitators of causing cancer in hummingbirds . Further , in preference tests , hummingbirds consistently choose plain sugar syrup -LRB- one part cane sugar to four parts water , nothing else added -RRB- over packaged mixes or homemade syrup containing dye , presumably because the dye tastes wrong to them . They also do not like beet sugar.If hummingbirds seem to prefer this mix over plain sugar water , it 's probably because the sugar water has fermented -- it must be changed and the feeder cleaned as soon as it starts getting cloudy -- and the fresh mix is the lesser of two evils . Many , many people report getting several times more hummingbirds after switching from this mix to plain sugar water.A 1:4 sugar water syrup is nearly identical to natural flower nectars from plants that hummingbirds use . The contents of Perky-Pet 's mix are not listed , since none of the protective government regulations apply to animal food , but analyses of the mix usually show a host of bacteria and other contaminants , presumably from unregulated and unsanitary handling practices . Sugar is cheap -- why take a chance on the health of your hummingbirds?I would rate this product with negative stars if it were possible .
 This product is an overpriced box of sugar and food coloring . The same effect can be achieved cheaper by using 1 part sugar to 4 parts water and not using red food coloring . Hummingbirds will be sufficiently attracted to the feeder without the food coloring .
 `` Artificial nectar '' mixes such as this are NOT recommended by hummingbird experts . They contain dyes and preservatives , chemicals that are not found in natural flower nectar and may have long-term effects on the birds ' health . The red dye is not necessary to attract the birds -LRB- the bright color of the feeder will do that -RRB- and may have an unpleasant taste . Tests have shown that , when offered a choice , hummingbirds favor plain sugar water over dyed solutions . Any added `` nutrients '' are present in such small quantities as to be useless to the birds , which fill all their major nutritional needs by eating insects and other invertebrates . Also , there is nothing in these mixes to justify the price , which is 5 to 8 times the cost of ordinary white sugar -LRB- which is actually sucrose , the natural sugar hummingbirds prefer above all others -RRB- . A simple solution of 4 parts water to 1 part sugar is convenient , inexpensive , and much more natural for the birds.Sheri Williamson , author of `` Attracting and Feeding Hummingbirds ''
 I have 5 hummingbird feeders around my home , three on the back deck . In one feeder I put homemade sugar solution , in the other 2 I used the Instant Nectar . The only thing the Nectar attracted was ants . The hummingbirds consumed the sugar solution readily , so much so I had to refill the containers multiple times over the season , and left the Nectar untouched.Well , to be fair not only ants enjoyed the Nectar . There were some wasps which seemed to be drawn to it , too.Bottom line
 Feeding them sugar and water may be insufficient . One manufacturer of nectar says that such food does not contain the vitamins , minerals and liquid organic compounds necessary for hummingbird diets . Good intentions and enjoyment derived from feeding the simple nectar may be shortening the life-span of the birds.If anyone knows more about this , please post a review , thanks . Tgrnry
 This product is colored sugar and is overpriced . Just mix 1 part white sugar and 4 parts water , boil for a few minutes . It costs 10 times less and is healthier for the birds . THEY DO NOT need red color in their nectar . I have six feeders on my yard and I attract dozens of birds with just sugar water .
 i love the perky pet feeders , they 're my faves , but the nectar is a waste . i can mix 25 % sugar to 75 % water and get a cheaper , easier mix , without additives . do it yourself -- cheaper and better for the birds .
 I have between 1/2 and 3/4 of an acre that I apply fertilizer to twice a year , and pellatized lime to once a year . After I started using this in spring of last year , 09 , I was pleased at first . This spring , however , I was able to apply my lime , but after waiting for three weeks or so to put down my fertilizer , I found that the rotor was not turning at all although the wheels were , this in spite of the fact that I never put more than half of what the stated capacity of the machine is . Searching around the internet for something more reliable I find that this is a common problem no matter the price level , the gears are made of flimsy plastic . Frankly , a 90-day warranty on a product like this is not appropriate ; they should cover it for at least one full year . This is the first time I have received an honestly bad product from Amazon -- I rely heavily on the reviews i see here . Had I looked for reviews of this machine elsewhere I would have found other people who had had the same problem .
 Bought this spring 2010 and used it four times when the cheap plastic wheel broke off on a turn spilling the contents onto the lawn and burning the grass . When flipping it over to check the Spreader the on-off handle then broke off . Do not buy this cheaply made spreader .
 I bought this looking at all those good reviews . But did not work for me . It got jammed and did not spray fertilizer as it should be . I ended up with using trusted manual one . I returned it back .
 This spreader looks good but it does n't perform . The oversize cranking wheel plastic gear slips , making the product fail . Poor design , unnecessary and weak linkage in the gears .
 I received this order , but not before I ordered another like item froma different source !!!!
 These do not fit a RINO-TUFF head without modification . The holes are quite a bit smaller than those on RINO-TUFF blades but can be drilled out to use . All twelve blades broke in under 30 minutes when hitting my cedar fence and the occasional rock or hard surface . I was literally installing the blades , trimming for a few minutes , breaking a blade , replacing the blade and continuing until they were all gone . They did work OK for grass but can not handle much more.RINO-TUFF = Made in the USAWEED WARIOR = Made in China
 I paid $ 799 from target in April 2008 and it 's May 2010 and the cushions fall apart in our hands . Did not last long for the price . Frame has 7 year warranty but nothing for the cushions .
 the set is nice looking and surprisingly sturdy but when it came 3 of the legs were broken off 3/4 of them were bent -LRB- and to try to bend them back and it just broke them off -RRB- . I went to homedepot and bought some square wooden dowels and cut them to size and placed them inside the hollow legs to make them sturdy . it will due this season but next year I will bye a better set.I think you should pay more and get a set that will last -LRB- or one you wo n't have to jimmy rigg ...
 I purchased a double order of this for a large outdoor pond . I am very familiar with this and the stuff grows FAST . I was pleased with the amount of product as an order consisted of 6 nice bundles . Problem is I just chose standard shipping . They shipped within 2 days of ordering and shipped from Washington State . They flew to the Dallas/FTW airport where they sat for days . Keep in mind the temperatures down here have been close to 100 degrees . I can only imagine what they were in a container or closed truck . I received a nicely packaged bundle of stinky , brown , dead plants . The plants were actually HOT as if they had been in an oven !!!! I immediately got them into the water hoping for a miracle but no such luck . I have not even tried to return as i feel it is part my fault for not choosing faster shipping but I do feel they take some responsibility for offering a shipping option that the plants can not handle . Hence the 2 stars . Wasted my money .
 The gas cans Amazon sells do n't fit this rack . I bought both the Enviro Flo 5 gal can & the Midwest 31733 5 gal . spill proof can . Both are too wide and do n't fit in the rack . You would think they would indicate and sell the matching can to go with it but they do n't . How aggravating ... Otherwise the rack it built very well . Heavy duty . In fact , a little to heavy . .
 Seemed to work well enough , until the battery failed . Then , I found that the sensor is not UV-protected . After a year in use , the sun has damaged my sensor so badly that when I tried to change the battery , the plastic broke apart in my hands from being so brittle . Also , the rubber stopper on the bottom does n't handle the heat well either , and leaves nasty black stuff on your hands that 's difficult to remove after touching it.Adding a little UV protection into the plastic would go a long ways to make this last longer . 1 year in service is pretty poor .
 I have been unable to get the the Obrit Sprinkler System Rain Freeze Sensor -LRB- # 57071 -RRB- even after specific support from Orbit Technical Support . I spent a lot of time trying to get it to work without success . It 's the biggest waste of money I 've made in a long time
 We had 6.5 inches of rain and in less than 24 hours the sensor had dried out . It was going to water the very soggy grass the next day so I had to manually shut off the sprinklers . The only useful thing to do is set the rain level to 1/8 inch in order to shut off the sprinklers while it is raining . It seems able to do that at least , so I had to give it one star .
 This ax did not work well on large pieces of wood , also after only using it a few times the blade developed notches in it . It may work if you have small pieces of wood but not good for splitting .
 I bought this for an old boss . Shipping left much to be desired . I had to glue a few things to keep them on , but it looked cool and the price was unbeatable . Boss is gone , probably wont buy another .
 I saw the box was not in good shape so when I open the item was not suprised to find it in pieces , I am not sure why if I noticed the box messed up that someone before they shipped it would have not checked the inside to see if the item was OK .
 This is the second time i have ordered this birdhouse and it is the second time i recieved it broken . I will fix this one myself , the first time there was no help for it and i had to return it . I do not believe the item was damaged during shipping I just think they are not well made and it fell appart . I will sturdy it up and see how it holds up . It is very cute and I hope it can last outside for a little while . I will think twice about ordering from this company again due to the quality of the item .
 It looks real cute in the photo and I have ordered it twice and both times it arrived broken . The worst thing about it is I do n't think it was damaged during shipment . It appears , based upon the packaging , it was shipped already broke .
 I am in the middle of my first grow cycle with this poorly , poorly constructed grow box . I 'm new to the hobby so shame on me for taking all the descriptions and features literally . Imagine a 1000W lamp on top of a grow space limited to less than 24 '' of vertical grow space x 22 '' wide x 19 '' deep . My plants are frying and I 'm only into the 2nd week of flowering !! I had to modify the box by raising the lamp housing 9 '' - ANYTHING to increase vertical grow space . The biggest insult besides the false advertising -LRB- more grow space than competitors , etc. . . all BS -RRB- is the fact that this garage made grow box was made to accommodate 16 2 '' Net Pots ! How easy do you think it is to remove the rinky dink rubbermaid lid to add nutrients ? . . I ca n't without looking like a circus juggler . Add to that the fact that the box came damaged in shipping -LRB- or construction -RRB- , I had to replace the 1000W bulb after one day , had to replace the airstones , air pump , things like no batteries in the temp center , I had to create an areoponic mister as none was shipped - I have never been so disappointed with a single purchase in my entire life . The ONLY benefit of this incredibly poorly engineered grow box is that it has whetted my appetite for a real grow room set up which I will create once I can afford to get past this unfortunate $ 3000 set back . Honestly , steer way clear of this product or else be prepared to be disappointed .
 The Honeysuckle plant was dead 2 days after I got it . I had to throw it away . I will never order from this company again .
 sorry . it has not done anything but drop the few leaves and die . . i 'm extremely disappointed . maybe this is just not the right area for it . zone 9 . i was told by a nursery here that it was a beautiful honeysuckle and that i would be lucky to find it ... i sure tried . that 's the way it goes ...
 I borrowed from a friend and brought the Coleman Compact Table on a 4 day camping trip to Death Valley . The table was very useful and conveniently fit into my 4Runner with all sorts of other gear . Giving this one star though because it broke within a few days of normal use . The problem is that the plastic sockets where the table folds into are very flimsy and brittle . Within two days one plastic socket broke and the table legs got all folded up the wrong way . Easy fix and working great until it happens a second time . This time another socket broke and the legs turned into a twisted pretzel of junk . Almost impossible to fold up correctly now and destined for the dump .
 I bought 2 of these tables because they were marked down to $ 32 at a local store . Both of them came out of the box damaged . They have plastic knobs that are designed to fit into holes on the bottom of the table top . That is how the table top is secured to the bottom legs . On one table , one was broken and on the other , 2 were broken . Also , on one table the metal cross support bars were damaged . The bars are made of aluminum but they are connected to the leg by a cheap piece of plastic . The plastic was broken . If the plastic on these table ca n't even survive shipping imagine how easily they would break just under normal use . Also , I want to note that the boxes these tables came in had no damage to them .
 I ordered several of these tables as Christmas presents , two of five arrived broken . Both of the broken tables had broken slats in the top and one also had a broken bracket on one of the legs . The tops are made out of a brittle plastic , spend more money and order a table with a metal top .
 I do n't think I have ever run across a more overpriced , flimsy piece of camping gear ; and for this very poorly engineered and built table to actually come from Coleman was rather a shock . The first time I opened the box containing this table was while setting up the camp site . Too late
 This table is very poorly designed , same as these other reviewers , the plastic connection-joints were broken before we even used it.We did n't notice until we tried to take it camping , so lovely Target would n't take it back past the 90 days , even though it sat in our garage in the new box.So I tried to order a replacement table , this one arrived broken as well . So I tried one more time , and guess what ? This one arrived broken as well.I am now contacting Coleman as the table is supposed to have a 5 year warranty . But I do n't want another Coleman table ! I advise others with this breaky-table to call Coleman and complain ! 800-835-3278Our friends have used another table for years and it has never broken
 This product seemed to be a bargain
 I 'm irked that I bought four pints of sawdust when the web page clearly says `` wood chips '' all over it . In fact it is sawdust which is to be used ONLY in the `` Cameron Smoker Cooker '' . I 'm sure `` wood '' could be used almost anyway and so could `` smoke '' . But I think we all know what a `` chip '' is . And none will be found in this package.What an amazing irritation . I 'm rarely disappointed with my Amazon purchases , but I 'd certainly have to give low rating that purported to be X and was in fact Y.Grrrr ... -- Gerry
 I should have read the fine print.The name of the product is Cameron Cookware Alder , Hickory , Oak , and Cherry Wood Smoking Chips.The dictionary describes a wood chip as
 These are not regular wood chips they are for a stovetop smoker , but it does not state that anywhere in the product name . The amazon photo of the container is different from what arrived . The container I have is different coloring and wording which clearly states at the top that it is a stovetop smoker product . They should update their photo . In addition these are not `` chips '' , it is a container of sawdust !
 Unless you want 4 containers of sawdust that are to be used on a stove top smokes , keep your money in your wallet . Nowhere does it state that this is to be used in a stove top smoker . Ca n't wait ti print up up my return label !!!
 Chips can not be made to work with a Holland outdoor grill . I probably ordered the wrong product , but am too spooked to even try the ones advertised for outdoor use .
 this product is more like sawdust , seller should note product is not made for regular smokers and made for cameron smokers only
 I call them almost dust . Chips that I normally buy are much bigger like potato chip sizes . These are small messy to handle potato flake size . A mess to work with . Did not burn correctly . When I cleaned up after some had not burned at all , which ment lack of smoke . Would not buy again .
 We were looking for chips not sawdust . These &#34; chips &#34; do n't work at all well with our pressure smoker that we also bought on Amazon .
 Have been looking all over for a good bubbler . Several years ago bought a plastic one for a couple dollars and found it was the greatest thing for watering container plants and spot watering beds . Since I have added more plants , had need another for a second and third line . Bought one of these and loved it , but the head broke off . So when I saw someone had was selling them at close out price of $ 3.00 , I bought three . Regretfully , have broken two more in less than a season . The problem is the head is very thin aluminum and if you drop it when you finish using it , the head can break of where it screws onto the hose . Or if you try to screw the bubbler on by twisting its head , it comes right off . All in all , a very poor execution of product that can be of great use.And yes , the old cheap plastic bubbler just keeps working . Drops concrete , no problem . Twist the head to tighten , no problem . My only problem is I ca n't find more of them .
 I had two very cheaply constructed Gardien Waterworks metal bubblers and both fell apart at the hose end connection in less than two months . The Gilmour metal bubbler looks identical and is probably made in the same factory so I 'd only buy the green plastic one .
 I like the idea and have used various bubblers for over 40 years . I bought 3 GILMOUR 315MTL 's which have a lifetime replacement policy . I do n't know what alloy of aluninum GILMOUR uses but my hard well water made short work of the 1st one.Aside from the hard water problem , and probably of more interest to the normal purchaser , is the hose adaptor is simply crimped into the bubbler head . Each of mine came apart at one time or another but can be reinstalled only to come off again with less effort . I would think these bubblers , with Chinese labor , could have all parts and pieces rivited or tac welded together . I have parts of 2 bubblers to return to be replaced but to what end?I 'm using a heavy work sock until I can find a better value .
 I bought this hose from Deerso through Amazon . I had decided that when I needed a new hose , I was going to get something heavier than those lighter grades that had failed just too often . What a mistake the Swan Commercial was ! I have never had a hose that kinked every single time that I changed direction but the Swan Commercial does this without fail ! On top of that , it weighs twice as much as the typical homeowner-grade garden hose . What does it provide for its hefty price ? Nothing , absolutely nothing ! Learn from my mistake !
 This hose does n't deserve any stars at all . I made the mistake of buying four at once believing they would actually live up to the advertising . Well , in cold weather they mold to the shape you store them and kink like crazy when you try to unwind them . Terrible hoses !
 Bought this bag for a trip into the Yellowstone forest . It 's NOT awesome for backpacking . TOO huge . TOO heavy . But I figured it was a short hike so I could manage . Anyway it worked well on that first trip other than it being a pain in the butt to put back in its case and that it was really just comically bulky to even manage on a short hike . The next trip was even less work . We slept on the side of the road in Big Sur . That night I zipped in and hunkered down and the next morning I zipped out but barely . The zipper was caught and it just was n't going anywhere . And that 's where it 's at now . The zipper is just broken . No reason for it at all . What a waste of money.Updating this review
 Did the zipper break on anybody else 's sleeping bag ? The zipper is totally shot when the bag is less than 3 months old . Is there any warranty on such a problem ?
 Got this sleeping bag for a camping trip and the first time I went to use it the zipper broke . I tried re-zipping it and it continued to break over and over . It may be a manufacturer 's defect , I 'm not sure . I would not recommend this product to anyone and will not buy from this company again .
 I bought this sleeping bag and camped out in a friend 's backyard when the low was 37 degrees fahrenheit . It was n't too cold at first , although I had to zip up the bag and tighten the hood as much as I could even before the temperature was below 50 . However , at about 4 or 5 am I woke up because I was too cold to sleep . I now use it when I sleep indoors and the temperature gets down to 60 degrees and it 's just fine for that . There 's nothing particularly bad about this product except for the fact that it does not provide nearly enough insulation to back up its `` 0 degree '' claim . I 'm returning it .
 I read reviews that this bag comes in a different color when ordering.So when you ordered yours was it the same or was it different.I hope its not the cheaper ones .
 First off , this bag is definately NOT for 0 degree weather . I tried it out on a night that dropped to around 18 , and I was just barely warm enough around my torso . Granted , I 'm cold natured and usually have to pile on covers even in somewhat warm weather , so someone more warm natured might find this bag just fine . However , I doubt I would be able to be comfortable in weather any colder than it was that night . One somewhat sever problem I had was my feet being cold . When I woke up in the a.m , my feet and toes were numb ; not cold , not chilly , NUMB . I 'm not sure if it 's really the bag 's fault , as I also have poor circulation in the feet that makes them very prone to get cold . But jeez , I would expect it to have kept my feet just at least a little bit warmer than that . Also , being someone who tosses and turnes alot in my sleep , as well as being used to having a king sized bed to move around in , I found this bag waaaay to constricting . I could n't turn on my side easily at all , so I had to sleep on my back , which is the one position I never sleep in . Thus , I actually did n't really get much sleep at all . I guess that mummy bags are not my thing , but someone who likes to sleep on their back should be fine . I also found it weird how it has this x-tra little cover inside it that can be used for either padding on the bottom or for more insulation on top of you . Why would they make you choose between comfort or warmth ?? They should 've just put more padding on the bottom to begin with . The one thing I did like was the head wrap thing , which was perfect since I like my face to be covered up when it 's cold . Also , it had good waterproof abilities , which protected me from the wet frost . On a side note , I ca n't testify to durability , especially with the notorious zipper , as I hav n't used it but once . But it seems to me that based on the reviews of others who 've had the zippers break after just a few uses -LRB- there seems to be a lot -RRB- , I 'd say just save yourself some trouble and get a different bag , as they are obviously having quality control issues with this one .
 There were many zero-degree bags to choose from . We chose this one because my 9-year-old like the color and design . Unfortunately , it arrived in a drab green and brownish color . Probably not a big deal for most , however , it was quite a disappointment to my son who did not receive what he chose for his birthday -LRB- looks nothing like picture -RRB- . This is probably a very functional bag - just be prepared for a different color/look .
 I bought this bag for my son 's back packing trip in the sierras . I have another Coleman bag that is not to big for a pack . This took up over half the pack . Way to bulky and heavy . It is probably a great car camping bag .
 As soon as I opened this bag I had a feeling it would n't perform as advertized . I often sleep in my backyard so I tried it three times and was chilled enough to come back into the house when the temps hit just the mid to high thirties . It does n't work nearly as well as my last zero degree bag which could take me , comfortably , down to 15-20 degrees . Very disappointing . I 'm returning it .
 Great bag that keeps you warm but when you wake up in the morning it is not fun to try to re-pack . They should have given it a bigger bag . What is more important ? Stay warm , or struggle packing ? I would rather stay warm ... better yet , there are other bags out there to choose from ...
 When I received this valve I noticed that it differed from the picture of the valve at AMAZON , but unfortunately I did not try to follow up at the time . I installed the valve because I needed it in my system and it works well but it apparently is a model number DAS075/ASV which sells for a considerably lower price , around $ 13 rather than $ 25 . There was no way to adjust the flow ! The model number , DAS075/ASVF , ends in F meaning there should be a flow control . By the time I had figured this out it was too late to return it so I am stuck with it.There was another minor problem with the valve . The axis of the inlet threads was a few degrees out of alignment with the axis of the outlet threads . I managed to overcome this because the outlet fed a poly pipe which could be bent.Although this is a good , but over-priced , valve I really needed the flow control model . I have now ordered directly from Rain Bird to make sure I get what I need.Follow-up
 Received the rain bird sprinkler valve and installed in my irrigation system only to find a massive water leak through the anti-siphon portion of the valve . Discovered that the rubber gasket in the cap was missing and from your instructions contacted the manufacturer , Rain Bird . They understood my problem and told me that they would send me a kit , including the gasket around 11-15-2012 and advised that it would take about 5-7 days to arrive . It arrived today 12-17-2012 as I was writing this rating . It obviously took a lot longer than they stated and the above one star rating obviously has improved and I suspect that the installation will fix the problem .
 I bought and installed this `` Professional Grade '' valve in June 2011 as a replacement for a similar , but no longer available Rainbird valve . The solenoid/flow control lasted a year and began to leak badly . The old units lasted 3-4 years each -LRB- have 5 zones -RRB- . I just -LRB- today -RRB- installed a Toro replacement valve -LRB- Toro 53763 3/4-Inch Anti-Siphon Jar Top Underground Sprinkler System Valve with Flow Control -RRB- . So far , I 'm impressed by quality & features ; although it is only day 1 .
 I probably got a defected one . After installing got leaks from three different sources . Tried to fix them but I am afraid that need to replace it . This time from local home depot that way I can exchange it easier .
 BEWARE - the picture online clearly shows that this has a flow control device . IT DOES NOT . The model number for the correct one is DAS ASVF100 -LRB- for 1-inch -RRB- not the DAS 1 , but I 'm not sure that is what I would get if I re-ordered so guess I 'll go shop Home Depot . Amazon should change the picture .
 The blade wanders , you ca n't cut a straight line especially with metal . The base will not tighten enough to hold it flat , so the cuts come out with a taper . The laser could not be adjusted so I had to tape it up so I could not see it . This is the worst saw I have ever purchased .
 I saw two of these plates in my local sporting goods store but needed 8 of them for my family to take camping , so I ordered from Amazon . They looked to be of great quality on the store shelf . I had to grab the still unopened box and pack it in the car on our way out the door , and I was floored when I finally opened it . More than half the plates had chips in them , both on the rims and the eating surfaces . Many also had bubbles where the enamel did n't take , and one had a rust spot already ! I had no choice but to use them since it 's all we had with us , but this is not the quality I would expect from either Coleman or Amazon !
 I was disappointed to find numerous small chips in the enamel of most of the items in this set . Yes , they were all on the bottoms of the pieces but I thought Coleman products should not have had any chips at all .
 Would have bought this set but product description states it was made in China . Found a different camping dish set on Amazon made in USA that the whole family loves , its made by Preserve and is available in several different colors and is made from recycled plastic . Its not only good for our environment , its also made right here in the USA ! Preserve also makes other kitchen products that are good for everyday use , my family loves them !
 The actual merchandise box -LRB- not the shipping one -RRB- was damaged upon arrival . When I unpacked the set , two of the mugs were SEVERELY damaged . The bottom/side was dented in on both mugs and the enamel and metal around the rims had been severely gouged all around and was cracked and continuing to flake off . From the appearance of the damage , I believe it had to have been a manufacturing defect -LRB- like the machine tried to EAT the mugs -RRB- . It was n't worth sending the whole order back -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- , but I wanted to review this so Amazon can maybe look into the quality control on these items .
 For three camping trips these dishes worked quite well but on the forth we noticed that they were chipping all over the place . I guess that 's what I get for buying cheap Made in China junk . Next time I 'll buy American made .
 The Coleman 12 piece dining set arrived in a tattered box . The contents inside were in even worse condition . Several of the plates and mugs had significant chips in the enamel paint finish . One of the mugs looked like it had been run over by a lawn mower . The metal rim was completely chewed up , had sharp edges and contained little to no enamel at all . We were very disappointed by the condition of the product and returned it immediately .
 `` More than 100 years ago , a young man with an entrepreneurial spirit and a better idea began manufacturing lanterns in Wichita , Kansas . His name was W.C. Coleman , and the company he founded would change life in America . '' ... blah blah blah . `` Made in China '' .
 If you are looking for enamelware : Buy Enamel Kitchenware Cacerola Peltre Honda # 18 / Enamel Saucepan # 18 by CINSA Mexico at MexGrocer.com a nationwide Mexican Food Store for Cookware and Mexican Cooking utensils . La Mexicana authentic Mexican cookware and other cooking utensils imported from Mexico . Utensilios de Cocina de Mexico
 Two out of the four valves I installed do not shut off completely . That 's 50 % failure . It is such a huge ordeal in time and money to replace valves you 've just installed .
 It is not anything like they show in the picture . I received a white bottle that was taped shut and leaking all over the place . The box was wet and liquid seaweed was dripping everywhere as I opened it . After using it the first time one capfull for one gallon , most of my plants died ... the next day . I had everything from tomatoes to bell peppers and even some basil and thyme , all dead . So I 'm not sure what I got in that bottle but it does n't seem to be any good .
 I only used this gauge two or three times on pressures of around 50 pounds . Now it is stuck on 20 pounds instead of zero.Now when I use it does it read the proper pressure or is it 20 pounds too high ?? Very disappointed .
 I 'm a Home Inspector and the 3rd hose bib I checked with this froze at 70psi . I guess you get what you pay for ...
 Hooked this thing up to my faucet and got a reading of 140psi ? With 60psi pvc pipes and a pressure regulator with a 75psi max ? I 'd have water up to my neck ! Well you get what you pay for .
 Received a gauge that was dirty , had water behind the plastic lens and a torn up box ; obviously it was heavily used and then returned . Given that , I 'm not convinced it 's even accurate at this point . Not worth returning as it was so cheap and I could only get a replacement -LRB- no refund -RRB- . Wasted my money so save yours and look elsewhere for a decent water pressure gauge .
 Reviewers that say it fills with water and leaks are right on . Because of the leaking -LRB- and poor quality ? -RRB- this product gives very erratic readings from 70psi to 140psi just disconnecting and reconnecting . I have high water pressure but ca n't determine how high using this product . Please use a different product if you have high water pressure -LRB- or low -RRB- .
 Purchased to read pressure on four outdoor faucets , but could get a reading on none of them because the gauge leaked like mad every time . Fiddled with the thing forever trying to re-seat the washer and tighten the connection , but no joy . Utter rubbish . I expect a proper gauge costs considerably more . Avoid this one , in any case .
 When I measured the pressure from my tap on the street side , before the pressure regulator , the dial filled with water . It should not do this , so the seals are lousy.At some point it will corrode and stop . Not sure I trust the readings anyway .
 I guess you get what you pay for . This gauge leaks like a sieve and the lens immediately fills up with water . It does give a reading , but given the above , I have grave doubts that it 's anything like accurate . Definitely do not use indoors -LRB- unless you like cleaning up water -RRB- .
 I have copper plumbing throughout the house but water pressure was low inside the house , i.e. , could not use 2 faucets at the same time . Then I adjusted the `` Pressure Reducing Valve '' on the supply line and got enough pressure . I wanted to check the water pressure to make sure `` Pressure Reducing Valve '' is set to the right level . So I bought this unit -LRB- instead of paying a plumber to just check water pressure ! -RRB- . I connected the gauge to a garden hose hookup point , and it showed 112 psi . I was pretty sure that reading is wrong . Anyway , I adjusted the Pressure Reducing Valve all the way to the lowest pressure and confirmed water pressure was in fact very low at kitchen and bathroom faucets . Then connected the gauge again , and it showed 112 psi . It always goes up to 112 psi and stops irrespective of the water pressure I set.I just wanted to be sure that I am not missing something . My neighboring house has much higher water pressure . So I took it to my neighbor 's house and connected to a garden hose hookup point and turned on the water ; it showed 112 psi . I do n't know what the deal with this gauge . It is a piece of junk for me .
 People here are saying that this little thing is accurate , and I believe them because I have no clue to tell . But when I buy something , I do not want it only to give me accurate reading , but I expect it also to be well manufactured , and unfortunately , this little thing is not . It allows the faucet to leak water , and once water is leaked , this thing is filled with water in no time-in addition to all the mess caused by leaking . I just do not get it , they can not fix something simple like this and seal the housing , or at least make a quality attachment to forbid water from leaking .
 This is a very useful gaget . It now allow me to check the pressure of the water coming to me home . I have been fighting with my town on water pressure , now i have the prove .
 `` For cold tap water use only . This product contains one or more chemicals known to the state of California to cause CANCER and BIRTH DEFECTS or other REPRODUCTIVE HARM . Dont use in oxygen service . WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING . '' WHAT ! i used it on my kitchen sink ! i received this early in the day , handled it on several applications , and even had loved ones handle it . Then , late at night i stumble upon this preposterous warning label . Needless to say , i had n't washed my hands after handling it . And who in their right mind would even bother reading such a simple tools formality ?! - obv . no one judging by all the great reviews it got - Do you read the warning labels on toothbrushes ? But perhaps we should all start , since something as basic as a water meter `` NEEDLESSLY '' contains potentially harmful chemicals . This is mind-boggling ! So whats the point of Cancer research , to use more warning labels no one reads anyway ? Now you know why there are no returns on this item , and that `` limit 1 '' is a cover up .
 I was given this tote as a gift from a wedding registry . I admit when i first seeked the bag out I was very happy with reviews that I had read about it . Having used it once i realze that this bag is not for me . Contrary to many pictures that I found of the bag the sides of the bag are not hard sided making this bag somewhat hard to pack and stack things on top of . I lower compartment is great for the Coleman stove and was one of the main reasons I wanted the bag , but if you do not have one of the largest models of stove it leaves a lot of extra room in the lower compartment . Do not be fooled as I was of this bag . I would much prefer a large tupperware tub than this peice of camping equipment .
 The plant food works fine -LRB- I 've used it before -RRB- but the pouring cap was defective and I can not use the drop delivery system .
 . . Cause now my plants are dead . . thought my plants would flourish it just did n't help at all . I expected them to grow like weeds did n't happen .
 I got a free baby spider plant from a friend which is virtually impossible to kill according to the way she took care of hers . Well I potted mine and the second I used this stuff killer my plant . Lame
 I got this item and used it as directed by putting a few drops in the soil before planting my plant . The next day when I got up , but originally healthy plant was dead and shriveled up . Last time I use plant food if it is going to kill my plant rather than make it bigger and healthier .
 I added this on when I bought some house plants - it was an impulsive buy - the plants that I bought only requires this once every month
 When I received this it was wrapped in a plastic bag , I discovered why when I was n't paying enough attention and pulled it out , it had leaked quite a bit of liquid out and went everywhere especially all over my shoes.They knew it leaked - otherwise why did they pack in in a plastic bag ? I am disappointed with Amazon , this is a first for me . I got about 3/4 of what I bought and it made a mess .
 this package arrived leaked all over inside , so i sent it back . it does n't have any exchange marked unfortunately so i had to get refund when i wanted exchange . coincidentally i saw same package at safeway on sale for ! .99 regularly priced at 2.99 maybe the refund is better in that case anyway . at least the leaked bottle was put inside of a bag so it wasnt as bad as it could have been .
 Buyer beware
 If you look at the picture of the item above , you will find an 18 '' wooden handled machete made by Tramontina in Brazil . I own several Tramontinas and love them . I decided that I would order 2 more from this company . After waiting more than a week to receive the machetes , I opened the box to find 2 junk Chinese made plastic handled machetes . To say that I was disappointed , is an understatement . The funny part is that one machete arrived in a plastic Seymour sleeve and the other in a cardboard sleeve . Keeping in mind they are identical machetes . The one in the cardboard sleeve even has a Tramontina clearly pictured on the cover . I have learned my lesson with this company and inthe future I will not order from them and will order from eknifeworks.com as I typically do .
 Item has a very very rough finish . Manufacturer grinded a secondary bevel making the blade dull and ineffective . I guess it is to remove the burrs , but I had to re-file and hone the blade for an hour to get rid of the secondary bevel . After that , it works pretty good ... but not what I expected for buying a new item for actual work . Also , something that bothered me was when I saw the quality of the item , my first inclination was to return it . But upon review of the sellers return policy , I noticed they will not accept returns if the package was opened or damaged . The problem was the package was already cut open and damaged when first received . I somewhat regret purchase of this item . I should have gone with an Austrian style scythe from a manufacturer that had a better return policy . The cost after completing this scythe is about the same as a custom fitted Austrian scythe . . but the Austrian scythe retailers has anywhere between a 30 day to 90 day no question asked return policy .
 I have known Coleman camping products for years and was very pleased and satisfied . Among other similar products description of it sounded like a decent sleeping bag.It is far from truth , for it 's very narrow one ca n't turn in it with OUTER Zipper onlythat snaps open at the BOTTOM of the bag.I have tried sleeping in it ONE time only . Next day i stuffed it back in it 's bag and placed in on shelve in storage room.On top , it arrived in ugly brown color .
 i purchased this product , was billed for it recieved a tracking number ... and have yet to recieve it !! it may be me , but was then able to work through how to contact either Amazon or Music City Metals to inquire
 I paid good money to find out that it came without the connecting wire that makes the spark . This gimmick of seperating the complete assembly of any given item into two or more pieces to charge more money is a ripoff .
 It 's cast Iron , made in China . First time I used the chips caught fire producing little smoke and a good bit of flame . Not complicated to use , seemed to allow too much oxygen to get in .
 Though I expect the majority of these boxes are as durable as you 'd expect , the one I ordered arrived with a large corner piece chipped completely off -LRB- note
 I have had this product since May 2011 , and being solid cast iron , I thought it would be indestructible ... today , I was preparing to barbecue , using the apple wood pieces in this smoker box . When I picked it up , the box was completely cracked in half . Sad to say , I am past my return window by a few weeks . I will still try to use it , since the broken pieces still fit together , but I am NOT happy !!
 Item was chipped/damaged ...
 I 've tried at least 5 different type of smoker boxes for my gas grill . Stainless steel , rolled steel , `` V '' shaped that fits between the flame bars and now cast iron on the recommendation of `` Cook 's Illustrated '' TV show . All gave only a small amount of smoke , almost all left a portion of the chips unburnt and all gave out quickly . I 'm going to stick with my old method of soaking the chips , wrapping into a packet of heavy aluminum foil , and poke a bunch of holes in the top . Works better than any smoker box , lasting longer , and giving more smoke . I can always have a standby on hand to toss on the grill when the first one give out if I need more smoke .
 Does what it says , but blocks more light to the rear than it reflects forward . Probably wo n't use much unless i 'm in a camp site that is close to others and staying up late .
 I purchased a Troy-Bilt Pony in 2006 . I have a small garden and probably have less than 25 hours on it but the handle has already broken twice . The old Troy-Bilt tillers were built like tanks with a LOT of metal . Not so with these newer units . The handle is made of a very thin metal and the handle 's attachment point to the height adjustment mechanism is very poor . The first time it broke Troy-Bilt -LRB- really MTD -RRB- replaced it . Now they refuse to honor the original limited lifetime warranty that came with the unit . I 'm guessing that the newer tillers do n't have such a warranty.If they had just used better quality handles with better welds I 'd really like the tiller since it works fine otherwise , although I have n't used it for that long . MTDs treatment of their customers is amazingly poor , though , so you 'd better hope you do n't have problems with their products . Before buying any Troy-Bilt/MTD product I 'd search hard for something better made from a more customer-oriented company.BTW , I tried to put this review on Troy-Bilt 's own web site . Apparently they chose to suppress it since it never appeared . Moral of the story
 The nylon fabric can not handle the pool water and it started to disintegrate after 2 months . I had to throw it away after 4 months .
 Within use of few days I noticed a leak . I believe it was because of the water pressure it started leaking . I ended up buying heavy-duty hose .
 I bought the Apex hose remnant , and the day I was supposed to receive it an email arrived saying it would be delayed , offering a new ship date in two days , and asking me to approve it via Amazon . I did . The next day I received an email saying that it would be delayed by another day , and asking me to approve the new ship date via Amazon or the order would n't go out . I did . The next email showed up almost right away , same thing . This has now gone on for two weeks , and three things are clear
 I bought this to hook up my new dehumidifier to a drain . This is worse than the garden hose from the local discount store ... and considerably more expensive ! what a con job ! DO N'T BUY THIS
 It seems from the reviews I read here that some people get quality remnants and some do not . I fall into the latter category . I got a thin , cheap green garden hose . After attaching a nozzle and opening the spigot all the way , I could feel the hose already begin to bulge . I used it for a few weeks until one day I turned the spigot on and went inside to get some supplies I needed . When I came out moments later , water was spraying out of a gaping hole that had developed in the middle of the hose .
 I needed a water hose that does n't leak , which is I why I was distressed to see a 15 ' hose , green with a yellow stripe , brass fittings , and NO GASKET on the female side . That makes an otherwise good hose useless .
 This hose cost me $ 9 and it is just a garden hose which I can purchase in any harward store . The picture shown is black and looks like a heavy-duty washer hose , but when I got it , it is just a mid-low standard `` green '' garden hose . Do not get fooled with the picture and ad `` Colors May Vary '' . To conclude , it is not worth the price -- $ 9 .
 Bought this hose to be used with a utility pump I purchased in the same order . They claim that it would not collapse when drawing water into the pump -LRB- The sides would be stiff -RRB- . Well when I got the hose it was already collapsed and flat from shipping before using and it was a very cheap piece of hose and cheap fittings , not like the picture -LRB- I know that they say colors may vary but I thought the quality would be the same as pictured . -RRB- Would send back but not worth the effort ... . Threw it out ... and bought a cheap 50 ' hose for $ 9.95 at Lowes and a hose repair connector ... cut it to 15 ' clamp on the connector and works great . Still have 35 ' left to make more if needed . Buyer beware .
 The connector hose that I received a bad one and it was unusable . It was rolled very tightly into a small circle causing the hose opening in the hose to be collapsed in multiple locations down the length of the hose . The wall of the hose was so hard that it could not be unrolled and the lumen of the hose could not be opened where it was collapsed . This hose appeared as though it was very old and it had been around for a long time . Therefore , this hose was definitely not usable . I called the Frigidaire company and they are sending me a replacement hose but I have not received it as of now . This is a disappointing experience .
 i guess for the price all you can ask is that it works but barely . hose kinks very easy disrupting water flow and leaks where connected to the spicket , but water does get from point a to point b so i cant give it one star .
 Used this hose for less than a week and had it burst . It was left on for about a day with pressure since we had it extending a hose bib . For light duty work it may be ok .
 This hose is not worth the money or time spent getting it . It dose have brass fittings , but both fittings leak . When under pressure both ends spray all over . Send this product back to China !!
 They promise the black one through out the order processing , however you get something else -LRB- Green color -RRB- bad material pipe.I wish i can get my Money back .
 I read the other reviewers who had similar problems before I bought this . I also read the reviews raving about this hose . Since these hoses are maid from remnants ; I suppose its a matter of luck as to which hose you get . My luck was n't good . The hose had permanent kinks and the vinyl skin had bubbles where it was separating from the hose.Returned it immediately .
 I recieved a blue hose instead of a black one shown . This is the worst hose I ever purchased - leaks at spigot and the connection to sprayer.I do not recommend this hose .
 Could not connect the hose to my dehumidifier . It was loose and would not screw to the part of the humidifier . I could not use it .
 Apex REM 15 15-Feet Connector Hose Remnants , Colors May VaryCould not connect this hose to the dehumidifier so I would n't have to keep emptying the bucket . Could not connect it no matter how hard I tried . VERY small space to turn the end that goes onto the dehumidifier receptacle , and I have small hands ; even tried using pliers ; even tried using handy-person . Would not work . It got 2 stars because I plan to use it elsewhere where size does n't matter and because it 's probably a design flaw of the dehumidifier not the hose , but Amazon should n't promote it as a connector for this appliance .
 I received a 15-foot standard garden hose , something I could have bought at Home Depot or Target for 2/3 the price .
 I was looking for a short extension garden hose , and at 15 ft. I thought this would be suitable . The product is manufactured of such poor quality plastic hose that there are `` PERMANENT '' compressions in the hose that wo n't even expand with the force of the water flowing thru the hose . Along with the permanent hose compressions , other compressions naturally develop because the plastic hosing is sticky ! Do n't waste your money as I did ! I discarded this to the trash after one day of attempted use !
 The threads on the connector on this hose were poorly made and I could not get it to screw onto my other hose so it leaked . Plus if I pulled the hose taunt it would actually slip off because I could not get it to screw on very far . Believe me , I tried and tried and so did others . I finally threw it away . Junk !
 We 've had this hose for a little more than two months and came home today to discover it had burst a hole in it while we were away . To be fair , it is left in a pressurized state as we turn the water on and off further down the line . Either way it burst a hole and we had water everywhere . I had purchased one for a family member last week and will return that one as I can not return this one . Glad we were n't away on vacation for a week !! Very Disappointing ...
 Needed a small light duty hose to hook up to my automatic sprinkler for my small garden in my backyard . Hose was exactly what I needed
 I bought Apex Rem 15 15-foot connector Hose remnants for my dehumidifier in the basement.I am VERY DISAPPOINTED
 The photo shows a Black Rubber hose . What I received was a low grade Blue cheap plastic hose . The hose ends are also made very cheap . DO NOT BUY THIS HOSE GO TO YOUR LOCAL GARDEN CENTER and save your self the ripoff .
 This hose leaks water if sitting . I use it for my dehumidifier and noticed that my wood floors were wet due to the water coming through the hose itself .
 Quality is so so and I ask for black but I got blue instead . Also , it was n't 12 ft either . The exact measurements were 9.5 ft , 10ft , and 11.8 ft. I feel rip off and will not buy again . No , I will not recommend you buy this product from them .
 I received the green version of this hose . It was neatly packaged but the hose had a permanent kink in it that did n't let much water through it . It did n't leak or anything , so it was good in that aspect . Since I did n't need such a long hose I was able to just cut it off where the kink was and it 's working now . I just ca n't use the attachment at one end , but it serves it 's purpose for me . I guess other people get different colors of this hose and some seem to be better than others .
 MY EXPERIENCE WITH THIS PRODUCT IS THE SAME AS THE OTHERS HERE . IT HAS DESTROYED MY DRIVEWAY . MY DRIVEWAY WAS IN GREAT SHAPE , HAD BEEN PROFESSIONALLY SEALED AND I FOLLOWED THE INSTRUCTIONS ON THE BAG . I HAVE FLAKING EVERYWHERE AND IN THE SEAMS , WHERE IT HAS COLLECTED IT HAS CREATED 2IN DEEP HOLES AND APPEARS TO BE STILL WORKING . I CA N'T SEEM TO STOP IT . DO NOT USE THIS STUFF !!
 I used this on my driveway because we get layers of ice really bad on our driveway . You can not shovel ice . This product ruined the top of the driveway and now it is crumbling very badly in spots . I will NEVER use this product again !!!!!
 I put this product on just part of my driveway and walkway and it completely trashed it . It turned the top layer down to probably 3 inches to mush . Now I am paying for a new driveway ... Next time I 'll shovel it . The warning on the bag definitely did n't lead me to believe that it would cause so much damage .
 I used this product on my concrete driveway and it completely ruined the driveway . It literally took the top layer off . The company refuses to pay for the damage that was done .
 No other ice melt product has ever damaged my driveway before . This stuff caused the top -LRB- skim -RRB- layer of my concrete driveway to peel off -LRB- spalling -RRB- . DO N'T USE THIS PRODUCT IT WILL DESTROY YOUR CONCRETE .
 the stand received is shorter than the one pictured . i decided to keep it to avoid return . it seems ok , but would have preferred a taller stand as the one appears in the picture . will probably buy another , taller stand this summer , but not here .
 This product may be good for small , shallow-rooted weeds such as dandelions , but I live in Florida where the weeds grow big and deep . The product was just about useless for my application .
 Got this to help me wrestle the roots of vines . Tried and tried but ca n't get this thing to work . There is not enough leverage to actually pull anything out of the ground , even the dandolions won the battle . I did better using my hands and my little hand shovel . Had high hopes . A complete disappointment .
 Although codymercantile 's description did not exclude my area from shipping , I received an email cancellation several days after placing the order . `` Sorry but , we do not ship this item to Hawaii . '' They claim a refund was issued but I have not yet verified it.I hope codymercantile makes the correction to their description so they do n't continue to waste people 's time.As far as the product ... never got it , never tried it .
 While this is a very attractive clock , it took about a day to `` find '' the U.S. atomic clock , the radio got absolutely terrible reception , and the sound from the speakers was tinny .
 I BOUGHT OUR FAMILY ONE AND LOVED IT SO MUCH THAT I GOT ONE FOR THE DAUGHTER . AFTER A FEW MONTHS THE LEGS BROKE ON THEIR 'S . NOW I HAVE LOOKED AT OURS AND OUR LEGS ARE BREAKING ALSO . I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO CONTACT THE COMPANY AND GET NO PLACE ON THE WEB . IT 'S A SHAME FOR ME TO WRITE THIS AS I HOPE IT DOES N'T GET OUT FOR PEOPLE TO SEE AND IS CAUCHT BY SOMEONE WHO WOULD CONTACT ME . I HAVE RECOMENDED AND SOLD SEVERAL OF THESE TO OTHER FRIENDS . I SURE HOPE THEY HAVE BETTER LUCK WITH THEIRS . SORRY FOR THIS !!!! JERRY MOLNAR
 The grill is nicely designed and portable . But here 's the problem
 sure it 's portable if you want to keep taking off the shelves and the regulator ... it does n't clean up very well as you must clean it right away -LRB- no more lighting and scraping to burn off the gunk from the last bbq -RRB- foods with sauces burn right away and creat a mess ... this item is really just a big `` foreman grill '' we took ours back after 2 weeks of trying it as we found this was just too troublesome for the money and the results . .10 minutes to cook a burger , but 20 to clean up after ... this was not the product for us
 I received my Grill 2 Go as a gift . Now I know why . I 've tried it several times and it just wo n't get HOT ! Replacing the regulator made no difference . It 's only usefull for warming up breakfast . I would n't call this a grill , it 's a heavy griddle . I 'm junking it and getting a Weber Q. I 'd think twice before spending money on this .
 While the design and portability are appealing , this is not the grill for those without plenty of extra time to wait as the grill warms . It took nearly 45 minutes to cook four chicken breasts . Additionally , the split between the grill space and flat cooking space really limits what and how much you can actually fit on the grill . I do n't advise trying to cook for more than three or four poeple with this grill . Overall , unless you tailgate every weekend I would advise getting a normal gas grill.I 've already returned mine and bet you will too .
 I purchased this grill with high hopes . I did the startupsteps and then put it away for the winter as it was november . -LRB- stored in the optional storage bag -RRB- when I got it out this year the regulator would not shut off .
 Contrary to the advertising , the grill is not easy to clean.It is very bulky . The first time I used it a little of thebutter I used on the right hand or ungroved griddle got underneath and started a fire . Had too take entire grillapart and completely clean . The cooking temp on the tempgauge , even though I had the gas regulator on high , nevergot to the high end of cooking range and I thought thingscooked too slow . ...
 I saw this grill at Home Depot when this it first came out and had to buy it that day . I loved the look and the portability . When I went to use it , I found it did n't get hot . I called the manufacturer and they immediately sent me a new regualtor . Tried that one and it did n't make a difference . I sent the regulator back to the manufucaturer and asked them to test it , which they did and said it was fine . Within a week , I returned my grill to Home Depot.BOTTOM LINE - This is better designed for making pancakes and omelettes than it is for grilling steaks and burgers . The `` George Forman '' design does n't cut it for someone who wants a `` real '' BBQ grill . It is bad enough that I have to sacrifice charcoal to get the ease of portability and cleanliness.I just bought a Weber Q grill . I have n't used it yet , but the BTU output and the open flame seems like it cures the problem . Check out reviews of that grill before you make a decision .
 The automatic ignition button broke almost immediately.The burner quit burning except for low . Takes forever to cook anything.The grill surface is solid , so it is n't any better than a stovetop grill.I am going to replace this and would not recommend it .
 Teflon -LCB- ? -RCB- finish wore off after about 10 uses , used recommended cleaner and lost almost all finish anyway . Cooks well , but very unsatisfied with cleaning .
 Have hade this grill for 2 years now and hate it . Bought it to take camping to save space . I do like the way it folds away.It is hard to clean , and might as well use a fry pan to grill your t bones with the teflon grill . I think I 'll bury it and try the Weber Q
 My family of four has been RVing recreationally for nearly seven years now , from Maine to Texas to Alaska to Florida . Additionally , over the last 25 years , I 've grilled on everything from hibachis to campfires to large charcoal grills to smokers to big gas grills . I 've found this grill , which we 've owned now for 16 months , unimpressive at best . Some of its drawbacks
 My wife and I bought this grill as it looks really trendy and has sleek lines . It is an excellent travelling grill . Plus , its relatively easy to clean.However , the grill has 3 big cons :1 . Low power
 No open flame equals bland fried taste . The product description is not very accurate . The `` grill '' is a ribbed griddle and you can not get that outdoor grilled flavor on this unit . Mine went back the day I received it . Consider the new Weber portable or the new Coleman RoadTrip .
 This is a nice unit , but contrary to what some information posted says , there 's NO OPEN FLAME GRILLING with this unit , so do n't buy it if that 's what you 're looking for . The cooking surface is SOLID , and the only difference in the `` grate '' area -LRB- a misnomer to me -RRB- and the `` griddle '' areas is that the `` griddle '' area is flat & smooth , and the `` grate '' area has raised ridges on it . If you do n't mind your `` grilling '' being done without any open flame and just on a hot surface , then this could be a nice unit for you . If you 're like me , and you want to cook over a FLAME , then do n't buy this one !
 This unit has been used only about a dozen times . Paint is peeling off on top cover , and falling into food . Cooking plate is a pain to clean , and teflon coating is wearing off in spite of very careful cleaning process . Travel bag on wheels is ripping on corner . Travel bag is only used to store grill for the winter , and not used for transporting . Outside cover is ripping even though it is in a protected area away from wind and rain .
 Day one
 The grill to go is a good concept , but the grill surfaces DO wear out after one to three seasons , and there is no easy way to find a source for replacements . From the research I 've done looking for new griddle and grill replacements , I 'm left with the impression that this is because CHARBROIL -LRB- who either bought out , or manufactured the product from the start under the thermos name -RRB- does n't wish to provide customer support to this product that does n't have their name on it . Bottom line , My Grill to go is now useless because I ca n't replace the TEFLON grill surfaces that are damaged . My advice is to stear clear of the `` Thermos '' grill to go -LRB- and I plan to do the same for CHARBROIL '' -RRB- and find a name brand portable grill that will be around to support replacement parts that you will understandably need down the road .
 Save your money because you will have to haul this thing to the dump in two years . We bought one three years ago and loved it all summer . The next summer , though , the coating started to flake off of the cooking grate . We called the Customer Service line and they sent us another grate . So we had another great summer . But guess what ? This summer , the same thing is happening , only now they 're telling me -LRB- at CharBroil.com 's customer service line -RRB- that they wo n't replace the grate because the grill is out of warranty . Never mind that the grate is only a year old , they were surly , rude , and generally abusive both times I called . They should be ashamed to be producing and selling such a cheap and horrible product . And now , the plastic that surrounds the ice chest is cracking so the yellow insulation shows through . And we ca n't see through the window to tell if it 's lighted anymore.Horrible , horrible product . JUNK .
 I absolutely loved this unit when I first received it . I 'd make pancakes on it in the summer so I did n't need to heat up the kitchen , and then cook dinner in the evening on it . Cleanup was always easy , and I could take it with me wherever I went . After a little while the terribly designed grease `` catcher '' began to cake up inside . Problem is that the opening is about 3/4 '' wide and it is on one side . You ca n't really get anything in there to clean it out . Now three years later , the leg has cracked and the unit is tied up , ghetto , yes . The grease catcher , has caught plenty of grease , I took it off to dump it out the other day , and found maggots in there . This grill is going in the trash with the grease catcher .
 This looks like a very nice portable cooking device that uses propane . Just be aware it is NOT a grill . It 's a griddle . It 's description says PART of its cooking surface is a griddle , but in fact all of it is , only some of the surface has raised edges to make grill-like marks on the food you fry on it . If you want the portability of stovetop frying -LRB- or steaming if you leave the lid down -RRB- on the road , by all means get it . If you want the flavor of grilling , do n't .
 I have had one of these in the UK , for a few years now.I dont use metal tools but the non-stick surface has started to disappear.However the MAIN problem is that the fat drains into a plastic bottle , and after some use , -LRB- NOT excessive -RRB- , the hot fat eventually MELTS A HOLE in the plastic bottle . This causes the fat to drip down the legs of the unit and make a mess on the floor.I have tried to find a replacement bottle , but as yet have been unable to find a suitable replacement . BAD DESIGN AND BAD AFTER SALES - not what we expect from THERMOS Brand !
 I had a great deal of trouble keeping the top to stay up . While cooking the top fell down and when the top is 300 degrees this could be very dangerous .
 It works fine if you limit what you cook on it . Can be difficult to clean and only works well on flat hard surfaces . Tends to tip over or rock . You can have mine , it 's sitting out back not being used since I went back to using a charcol portable grill .
 I bought this product several months ago . After the first time I used it , the paint began peeling off , even though I followed the manufacter 's instructions . Next the connection that hooks the gas container to the grill broke . I can no longer use the product due to this . It seems like a lot of money to only be used a couple of times before it broke .
 The first time I used the grill the regulator would not operate properly to allow constant propane flow . When I called the service center I was informed that the product was a 2003 model . They required proof of purchase in order to receive a replacement part.Grill works fine for burgers , but do n't think I would attempt a steak .
 All though the grill portion is excellent , the leg assembly has a grave problem . When tightening the support legs using the hand screws , the assembly will crack very easily , as this portion of the leg is very weak due to the way it is constructed . It requires reinforcement in this area due to the high stress while in the supporting position . The third time I used this gas grill , one of the legs cracked where the locking screw secures the leg assembly .
 This is a nice broom with a good quality head and handle . The bristles are stiff and durable . I love pretty much everything Fiskars produces . This broom however , because of the weak pivot lock , gets a weak rating . . If sweeping with any force , the head will shift making this broom not useable in the position you 've chosen.Perhaps I have a defective model . I do n't know.I 've not seen these anywhere except here at Amazon.I 'd exchange this one if I could.If the other had the same problem.I 'd return it for sure .
 I had a shovel break on me a couple of days before a big storm was due in Feb of 2011 . None of the local stores had anything left in stock so I resorted to Amazon.The design on this is the only thing that saves it from 1 star for me . The handle is a good shape , the blade is smaller but it 's intended for shoveling not pushing so that is fine.The problem is in the materials . After one use the plastic at the base of the blade was already fraying . After 4 uses the base of the blade was very erratic from the plastic that shaved off . After 6 uses it had a small crack in the blade near the base of the handle . It got me through the rest of the winter but I bought a new shovel prior to winter 2012 .
 I just finished installing this project . It is true that it goes in fairly easily , if your ground is wet . If it is n't , you need to wet it down first so that the stakes go in . Otherwise , you could easily break the stakes . Stakes ? Each piece is held in place by two stakes that are almost 8 inches long.But I 'm getting ahead of myself . The packaging promotes this as `` border stone edging '' . Here is the truth . They are constructed of `` resilient plastic '' -LRB- more package hype -RRB- , and it shows . There is no way that anyone could mistake these pieces for stone , either up close or at a distance . Because the two round head stakes are pounded in from the top , you get to see these circular heads on every piece , further adding to the faux look . While the color on the package suggests a brown tint , do n't believe it . The color is whitish grey , which is not the least bit `` natural '' looking ; think concrete , come to think of it , fake concrete . To complete the cheap look , there is a shiny/slimy finish on the pieces.Each box contains 15 pieces in seven different lengths . The package suggests that one could create curves with the pieces . Since all of the pieces are straight , think how a curved installation would look . I bought this product to frame the stone stairs leading to my front door , to hopefully add curb appeal . One look convinced me that I would have to use them elsewhere or my neighbors would laugh themselves senseless and accuse me of running down property values . I put them in the back , where they can not be seen , to border a straight-edged walkway to help me keep leaves swept up . In other words , assuming that they do turn out to be weather resistant , the border will serve a utilitarian purpose . If you are expecting something decorative or pretty , please buy something else.If you are still reading and think that after all this you still might want to try this product , please do n't pay the current price of $ 29.82 per package . You will feel ripped off at that price . I purchased it when Amazon recently dropped the price to $ 12.91 , plus super saver shipping , plus the 4 for 3 special , making the final price $ 9.68 a package ; this is definitely all this product is worth . I wondered where this product was made and did some research on the internet ; Ames is a North American manufacturer . There is nothing on the packaging to indicate that this product was made in America or anywhere else . To find out more about this company and its products , you can go to www.ames.com .
 I bought a lot of these to border my flower beds in my whole yard . I am not very satisfied with the product because the stakes that hold the stones in place tend to back out over time and you have to keep knocking them back down every once and a while . Not very maintenance free .
 this product doesnt work with plastic wheelbarrows , because the plastic flexes after a while . my wheelbarrow fell off the wall after hanging for a day .
 Shipping and all that is fine.The top of the pick is open design and has some handle exposed at the top of it making that if you hit into rock it can split the handle . The handle at the neck is also very light and looks to be easily broken.I have not used this item yet and these are only observations of the product from first look .
 I wanted this to read by in an area we had not gotten overhead light to yet.Not enough light to read by , Not focused enough . Probably good for low level light in a tent .
 I agree with the previous review , but wanted to add ... I 've used this device for several months and find it to be a pain to use . It is clumsy and old-style . The interface is involved , non-intuitive and small and hard to see . Add to that , the text mask that surrounds the LCD screen is out of position making it even harder to use . -LRB- I contacted the company and asked for a replacement but they declined to help -RRB- . I 'm just about to toss this thing , swallow the money , and get one that has a dial and easy to use functions .
 Very difficult and confusing to program and use . And it has bugs.The software seems to have been written by someone who flunked software programming.Awful . Do n't buy it .
 I have 20 years experience working with computers and other digital equipment and could not get this product programed . The instructions are poorly written and the display is not in the least user friendly . Had to pay shipping when ordering and returning the product . Very disappointed !!! Would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I ordered a sprinkler timer and it was to be new . The unit had been opened and used . The unit did not work ; however , I did get a refund . I also had to pay return postage . I am not happy about this purchase .
 I opened the box to begin assembling my Weber grill . I discovered that one of the legs is bent , and the body of the grill had three small areas that the black paint did n't cover . One area has a scratch which explains it , and the other two areas seem like they did n't paint over it . I thought perhaps the shipping box was damaged , but the box is in good shape . This leads me to think , that Weber has poor quality control . I was surprise to see such poor quality in an American made product , yes , it was `` Made in USA . '' I never seem such poor quality in ANY products that is made in China . I learned that just because it is made in American it does n't mean the product is better made , matter of fact most American made products are worst than the ones made in China . I heard Americans complaint about manufacture jobs went oversea . When Americans -LRB- maybe they were actually illegals -RRB- made such a pis - poor product , they deserve to lose their job . I do n't buy into this Made in America cr-p anymore ; I am very unhappy .
 This is can be a dangerous Grill!I recently purchased a one touch 18.5 Weber `` silver '' grill to replace my old one that I used for many years . While I was very pleased with my old one , the new one is potentially dangerous because it only has ONE side handle . This is not readily apparent when you purchase this model . Note that the one touch `` gold '' grill has 2 side handles Just why they decided to put side handles on one and not the other is irresponsible . I feel it is irresponsible for Weber to sell these grills without making it clear that the silver model only has one side handle .
 I was thinking of replacing my old grill by Weber -LRB- I own both a Smokey Joe by Weber , and also the large Weber kettle grill -RRB- . I noticed on the descrip that this grill you have advertised is 4 '' smaller in diameter than my old grill - so I need to keep looking for a replacement for my Weber . My old Weber and my little Smokey Joe did an excellent job for many years , and I appreciated the venting and other features that virtually let you cook however you wanted . Losing the 4 '' means losing a whole chicken - I could fit 3 whole split chickens on my old grill . Maybe they still make the 22-1/2 '' grill , I need to keep looking .
 I received this product with a bent leg . As luck would have it I was able to bend it back enough to use it . I think Weber makes a good grill . But I would n't risk getting a bent leg so do n't get this grill .
 I had gotten one of these years ago and so decided to buy one for a friend recently . What a mistake that turned out to be . This product is no more the product it used to be . The legs that they use are made out of pot metal and are not sufficient to hold the kettle part . They started spreading and because it is so flimsy that it now sits at an angle.I would not recommend this item to anyone wanting something of value .
 Mislaid my original grate . This replacement slips below the lip bringing it closer to the coals and more difficult to seat evenly . Bars at handle do n't cross grate completely allowing food to fall into flame if grill is crowded.When I located my original , the REPLACEMENT IS 1/2 '' SMALLER IN DIAMETER !!!! VERY DISAPPOINTING
 Ad said the grates were 18 '' . You need to go into the item description to find out the real size . I just looked at the primary ad and purchased the grates . When the grates arrived and were measured they were 12.5 '' . Company would not pay to return them , or refund any shipping charges . Actually , the grates were for an 18 '' barbecue and not 18 '' themselves . Company was willing to take them back , but it would have cost me almost $ 20.00 in shipping charges and nothing to show for it .
 The copy says this grill is 16 1/2 inches in diameter . Mine arrived today and it is 17 inches in diameter . Will not fit my grill . Also I ordered on Monday and the price was $ 10.99 ; today it is $ 9.99
 I was looking for a grill grate that was no larger than 16.5 '' from side to side , and this posting claimed that the grill grate measured 16.5 '' in diameter . That is not an accurate measurement . The grill measures 16.5 '' INSIDE of the external circle , and 17 '' in diameter when measured from end to end . I need this grate to fit INSIDE of a 16.5 '' flower pot , which this certainly will not do . Very displeased with the seller on this .
 The front portion of this steel brush wore down after only 2-3 cleanings , as has the rest of the brush as I switched from side to side . I am surprized that Weber would have such a poor product produced -LRB- in China , as I recollect -RRB- .
 The Weber 1647 18 '' grill brush is certainly a nice looking grill brush , and performs quite well for awhile . -LRB- bought in March ' 04 ; this is June ' 04 . Today , I was cleaning my Weber Q , and noticed brass bristles all over the grill where they had come out of the brush . Needless to say , I did n't want brass bristles in my food , so the next half-hour was spent cleaning up from the brush . Weber should have attached the bristles better to the handle head . There was also a problem with the bristles really being too short to clean the cast iron grates .
 I have owned several grill brushes with brass bristles and they have all done the same thing . Unfortunately , this one is no different . After a while the bristles mashed down and became next to useless . The scraper is not the right size for most grills , mine included , so it 's not a very effective tool unless you are lucky enough to have the exact right gauge of rod on your grill.If you are shopping around for a grill brush , I highly recommend a different product called the Grill Wizard . I found out about this from America 's Test Kitchen -LRB- great show -RRB- and they rated it the top , so I bought one . Could n't be happier .
 The brush works well to clean the grill , but the scraper is too small to be useful .
 Bought this brush to use with my Weber Grill . The bristles do n't go deep enough to clean between the grates and the metal tip for doing this is useless , as it does n't fit between the grates either .
 If you have a webber gas grill the steel slot on the brush is useless - it is sized to clean the thinner wire type grill . Also the bristles are not that heavy duty.I would have given it only one star but it is so inexpensive - I guess you get what you pay for .
 I ordered a BRASS Grill brush & got this stainless steel brush . I have porcelin grates . I need BRASS !!!!!!!!!
 i can not believe Weber put their name on this ! bristles do n't hold up . after about 10 cleanings , it looks like my old brush -LRB- that lasted a whole summer -RRB-
 This product is n't worth the money or time - you can get a brush at any discount store for less $ $ and it 'll do the job just as well .
 I purchased this item when I bought the grill . It was useless after a few time of use . Purchased one at TJ Maxx for about $ 6.00 that is still in perfect shape after several years . Do n't waste your money .
 The third time I used this brush it broke . The wood split diagonally at the neck of the brush , a little before where the bristles start . I now have the perfect implement with which to stake a vampire . My other Weber brush -LRB- which I purchased at a diff . website -RRB- is still intact and works okay . You see the bristles are a little gunked up - that 's why I bought this second grill brush . - Buyers , and Vampires , beware !
 Weber is cutting out the quality in thier products , my bbq I bought last year is not as good as the weber I used to have , I should have shopped artound more , other grill are now taking over . But it 's not badGreg
 The bristles appear to be copper and the entire brush becomes flat , coated , and useless extremely fast . Also , the bristles can come off the brush and can stick to your food or be stuck into a piece of meat , which is very bad .
 really - do n't bother . You will be much better served with a steel wire brush from the hardware store that is made for tough jobs . I tried this grill bush and another grill brush before I saw a friend using the steel brush - it does a much better job and does not wear out .
 This item is not expensive but please ... upon the first use the brass -LRB- looking -RRB- brushes started falling out . Regardless of how cheap you want to make something - It must perform its duty - this item did not . Too much headache and effort to get a replacement / refund which is usually the case with these type of items
 OUCH !!!!!!!!! While the groove portion is nice because it macthes the angles of my Baby Q , I wo n't use the brush portion anymore . After cleaning the grill I threw some burgers on . Apparently some of the brushes fell off and as I was chewing my burger , a peice of of brush went through the roof of my mouth and had to be extracted by tweezers.I would use this only as a scraper , because that was a very , very painful experience .
 I bought this to replace a WalMart-purchased scraper that lasted several years before starting to fall apart . Unfortunately , this Weber brush was shedding bristles after just a couple of uses . And not just one at a time -- entire groups of bristles are coming out . I have to blow on the grill after scraping to make sure I do n't get brass cooked into my chicken.It still works , technically , but it wo n't be long before I 'll have to replace the replacement . The scraper part works well on my Weber Baby Q.
 Why is this a bad brush ? The bristles are cheap and they do not remove any gunk from the grill . If anything , these metal bristles will destroy the finish of your grill grates . Weber is awesome 99 % of the time . This brush is part of the 1 % .
 At first I thought the grill was great until I paid close attention and noticed one thing . The grill top does not even fit over the whole grill !!!! So when I leave my fire shoots up and gets too hot . Also the handle on the top can get extremely hot and make you drop it and burn yourself which has also happened to me . maybe I am the only one , but this grill has been nothing but trouble for me . Never again .
 I bought this grill to replace a Weber I have had for over 5 years and aside from normal wear it has functioned well . This grill I have had for exactly 2 weeks and today the side handle detached from the grill when I went to move the grill . I examined the old grill and saw around 1/2 '' of weld connecting the handle to the grill . The new one I purchased has less than 1/8 '' of weld on each side of the handle and already was showing signs of bad rusting . I have contacted Weber in the hopes of a replacement . My only other complaint about this grill is that all of the internal grate supports had to be bent and adjusted to hold the grates without them rattling , it only took a minute but I think the same minute task could be completed by their staff .
 As for being a Weber product the construction could have been sturdier . The legs are light , wheels are cheap so you have to be careful when moving the grill , it can be a bit top heavy if you have anything in it . The charcoal grate grid spacing is a bit wide so I had to put another one on top to prevent unspent coals from dropping through . Weber could have just put in the hinged cooking grate instead of the flat one . Also , you have to jury-rig the ash catcher . For the money , Weber could have done better . I am disappointed in this product just because it 's a Weber and I do n't feel that they lived up to their reputation . I 'm glad I did n't go for the gold .
 I have owned at least 6 Weber kettles in 40 years of grilling . The current plastic used for the lid handles conducts heat unsafely and can burn your hand as if it were made of bare metal !!! I could n't believe the blister I got from raising the lid to look at what i was cooking . I thought i had made a mistake and touched the metal or maybe the screw that holds the handle on had come in contact with my skin . No , i checked and it was the plastic handle!SHAME ON WEBER-STEVENS FOR MAKING THIS PRODUCT AND NOT RECALLING OR REPLACING THESE UNSAFE HANDLES !!! These grills are the best for the price and just about any price for cooking , but i guess it 's worth injuring your faithful customers severely to save a dollar or two . And apparently it is better to lose a reputation earned over decades rather than owning up to your mistakes .
 With all the previous positive reviews , I decided to give this charcoal grill -LRB- my first one -RRB- a try . We have a gas Weber Genesis Silver B , so we really like the Weber brand . We figured we could n't go wrong . Oh boy was I mistaken!Anyway , the Weber One-Touch Silver model is overpriced and not worth anywhere close to $ 80 . You have to figure that most kettle grills work about the same ... the only difference is the quality of construction and durability . Obviously , Webers will outlast all of the cheaper brands , and that 's one of the major reasons we chose this grill . However , this particlar model -LRB- 22 1/2 '' Silver -RRB- has a major flaw . The major complaint here is that the `` ash-catcher '' does n't catch anything because ash does n't fall straight down into the catcher ... especially if there is even a tiny bit of wind blowing . We had ash flying everywhere ! My patio , screen , clothes , guests , etc were all covered in ash !!! It was a big mess ! THey might as well not even have the catcher there because it does n't do anything . Unless you like cleaning or have a gigantic yard , stay away from the Silver model of the kettle grill.We have since returned the Silver model and purchased the Gold model . We had to pay an extra $ 50 for the Gold model with an ash-catcher that actually catches the ash . But at least my patio and my guests are n't covered in ash anymore ! Sigh !
 It 's caught fire all 3 times I used it . I dislike the bottom where one must use the fan lever to remove ashes . Also , the bowl to catch the ashes is too small . Hot ashes go everywhere on the porch !! Tried to return it , but was told it had to be taken apart and boxed again . I 'm a woman alone . How do I do this ?????? Purchased because I read such glowing reviews . Am wondering who wrote them . Please advise me . !!!!
 I used to swear by the Weber as the best quality charcoal grill available . Sadly , this is no longer the case . I purchased a new 22 '' Weber last spring and it was genuine junk . After a few months the interior cover paint began to peel badly and a month or so later two of the three grill supports began to pull away from the side of the kettle . By fall it was unusable . I 'd stay away until quality returns . They got 1 star from me only because zero is not an option .
 My Weber 22.5 '' got hit by a tornado , had a couple of dents in it and lasted for two additional years until the leg welding gave out . So we had it 6 years and it ran well .
 I rarely review items . I must note my disappointment , however , with customer service for this item . While the description clearly states for the Performer Grill , this grate did not fit it . The Seller insisted on a restocking fee of 1/3 of the cost of the item . When pointed out to the seller , the seller responded that there was more than one size grate for the Performer Grill . This was checked via Weber product description and confirmed to be inaccurate during the customer service call . The inaccuracy of the product description notwithstanding , the seller refused to accept the return without the restocking fee . I can not recommend the seller , when other merchants would have treated the customer with more respect .
 While this seems to be a good price , the shipping markup seems a bit high . Amazon is charging $ 139 to ship this product , $ 40 more than if you order directly from their supplier Dynadirect . If you search you can find the grill elsewhere for as low as $ 185 with the more realistic shipping charge of $ 39.99 .
 I was looking forward to receiving my grill and all of the accessories I ordered with it , because I know that Weber makes wonderful products . But , I never received the grill , just the accessories -LRB- rotisserie , cover , drip pans -- the works -RRB- . The customer service folks at Amazon alternately gave me the runaround or ignored my requests , until I asked for a refund . They never provided any explanation of what happened or offered to reship the grill . I 'm now left with the task of returning all of the stuff I bought to go with the grill . Amazon has lost a faithfull customer . My advice
 When I seen the picture of the grill , it was not what I expected . I was ready to see heavy duty , fully loaded gas grill . With Double racks , two burners , solid flat grill top.Really basic and to the point.If I am going to spend money on a grill , I do n't want to haveto wait for the coals to get white .
 I was so excited to receive my Smokey Joe , the positive reviews also guaranteed that the Smokey Joe would be a great buy . We assembled and realized that all of the washers -LRB- seals -RRB- were missing , but it assembled well nonetheless . We lit the coals and to my horror , after burning a few minutes , the bottom cover melted and fell out ! It proved useless for smoking the food as there were open holes in the grill . It seems I got a defective product .
 I grill year round and in many weather conditions . Unlike the gold and platinum grills , the silver grill does not have a carry handle to keep it shut for transport -LRB- see the review about the burnt down car -RRB- , nor does it have the ability to prop the lid as a wind/rain shield . The silver grill works fine in nice weather for fast , hot cooking , but if you want to grill in a drizzle or in a little wind , the ability to prop the lid up -LRB- available on the gold and platinum models -RRB- is essential . I lost my gold grill . Last night I tried cooking in a little rain on the silver grill , and it was n't up to task like my gold grill was . I 'm going to buy a gold or platinum grill this time .
 If you want to cook 4 burgers you should be ok . If you want to cook 4 burgers and some veggies or potatoes , it wo n't work.Here 's why . 1st , the cooking surface is very small . 2nd , if you put to enough coals in there to cook for an extended period of time , it gets to hot . If you only put in as the instructions say , it 's not enough heat or after your burgers cook , the coals wo n't stay hot . It could be that there is n't enough ventilation to keep the fire going.Regardless , it 's not enough grill for me . For cooking hot dogs or roasting marshmallows , your good . For steaks , fagetabotit!Bottom line is that this small grill is not for beginners . And if you 're going to use it , make sure to follow the instructions , then add 20 % more coals on top .
 The vent at the bottom gets filled with ashes quickly and then there is no ventilation from the bottom , you put the lid on , the coals go out . Not a good design.I used it twice and now it is sitting in the garage . I am using my rusted to hell old BBQ that came with the ash can at the bottom though the ash can is now gone , I have been unable to find a better product.Here in Canada I paid $ 80 for this Weber Smokey Joe Silver BBQ and I sure feel ripped off .
 When I opened my gift I was on my way to tailgate . Disappointed missing washers , bottom grate missing , and the vent on the top was broken.I love webber grills have had many over the years . Not sure what happened here but open your box as soon as you get it . I waited a long time
 I bought this grill despite the few low reviews saying that it does not get hot enough . When the grill arrived and after hooking it up to both the small gas canisters and the larger propane tank with hose , the grill could not even toast a piece of bread . I followed all the instruction and ` rules ' in regards to hooking up the canisters/gas . I did not give up at that point however , I called the company and they even sent me out a new regulator for the grill . Despite this new regulator the grill still can barely heat anything up . Its a glorified low heat oven at this point . I 'm just going to have to cut my losses and try a different grill.I 'm not sure how in the world this grill got such good reviews . Maybe the grill used to be good , but the company must of tried to take some shortcuts or something cause the grill now is a complete piece of trash .
 I bought this grill from Amazon.com and it performed worse than any grill I 've ever owned . It does n't get hot enough to cook even one steak , never mind `` four medium sized steaks . '' The claims are all false . If you want to leave the lid on throughout the cooking process you might be able to cook a half chicken in an hour or more . For steaks , which require flash heat of 500-600 degrees F , this grill is a total failure . You 'll never get grill marks or even a seared side on your steak . Save your money and invest it in at least a 20,000 BTU stainless steel dual burner grill with a full size propane tank .
 Small gas grills get the job done . You do n't need a Rolex to tell time ... you do n't need a $ 3000 grill to burn a burger . Unfortunately , if I did n't have my collection of screws , all I 'd have is a pile of metal bits and pieces - they left out the screws for assembly . QA must not exist in that Chinese plant .
 I purchased this grill to use when camping and decided on this one because of the Weber name . While I will admit the grill is portable and easy to use , I am very disappointed with the way that it cooks . The heat shield that covers the flame makes cooking time very long . The grill is great for hot dogs and small burgers but if you want to cook anything else you better plan on an all day deal !!! It is definitely not worth the price .
 Nice igniter , It will last about 2 sessions . Watchout when you light it . It will blow . Chitty design . The whole que fills up with gas then really blows . Dont let Grandma start this one She will have a heart attack .
 My whole life I have only used charcoal so I decide to give gas a try . I have to say I was disappointed . I had cooked some Filet mignon and Hot dogs and the unit did a great job in cooking but the taste reminded me of a regular stove oven . I think if you are use to the taste of BBQ and never tried a gas unit before my recommendation would be to stick with what you know , especially if you want that BBQ taste . As for the company Weber I give the 5 stars in workmanship ! You ca n't beat a product made in the USA !
 We were sorely disappointed by this grill . Yes it cooks your food but it does n't give the food the just off the grill flavor . It also takes an inordinate amount of time to cook meats and veggies . We used ours twice and we wont use it again . Oh well .
 I 've struggled with this cheaply made piece of junk for over two years , and after a final evening of frustration , it sailed off the 2nd floor deck in the general direction of the garbage dumpster . It does n't heat up properly -LRB- some of these units heat properly , others like mine do n't = POOR quality control -RRB- , the way it cooks varies greatly depending on how much propane is in the can , and it takes only a slight breeze to blow it out . Beyond that , the plastic handle is cheesy , the heat shield will eventually burn through , and the whole unit will warp enough to make the grate difficult to take out and put back in . The push starter on mine worked only for a couple months and then broke . If you enjoy ruined meat and disappointed dinner guests , this it truly the unit for you . I 'm going back to charcoal and going out of my way to NOT buy another Weber product because of the disappointment this grill has brought me .
 ... but rather primitively designed and not very long-lasting . The grill is perfect for small and quick grilling , like a couple of pieces of fish . meat , or , in my case often marinated tofu . It beats stinking up the house cooking marinated dishes on the range.I have been the owner of two of these mini-grills over the last 10 years , so I can report with authority about two serious flaws in the system that have not been addressed by the manufacturer to date :1 . If the flame does not immediately light up after turning the gas knob and pressing the piezo sparker , wait ! Because gas accumulation will continue in the grill , a sizeable fireball can ensue when the spark finally ignites the gas -LRB- I burnt hair on arms and head in the process . -RRB- 2 . The thin , barely enamelled `` Flavor Bar '' -LRB- the protective metal lid between flame and gridiron -RRB- wears out fast , and burns through , and sourcing a replacement is way too expensive and cumbersome for a $ 50 . - grill.Overall , what you get in a $ 50 , - grill is exactly what you pay for
 This grill is completely overrated . It heats unevenly and very , very weakly . The only way we are able to cook our food on this grill is with the addition of wood chips for extra heat -- otherwise it can take 30 minutes to grill a bit of salmon . Do n't waste your money .
 Nice design , easy to assemble , but it just does not get hot enough to sear . It 's a fairly small grill plate , and still not evenly hot . I 'm very disappointed , especially since I purchased 2 Weber adapter hoses so I could use my full size propane tank , and both were destroyed by squirrels within a week . I wish I 'd purchased the $ 30 portable grill at HD .
 I bought this grill at local HW store , works OK but has a very annoying tendency of blowing the burner out in a slight breeze . Had a Charm-Glow before this one , did the same thing . I do like the coating , and the stainless steel burner but the grate rusts as does the flame spreader . Update !! Pulled the regulator knob sticker off and adjusted the screw to raise the pressure , much better ! Stays lit now .
 I 'm a huge Weber charcoal grill fan , but this grill is a rusted out POS . I 've owned it for four years , and it lacks the durability I have come to expect from Weber.Weber essentially replaced all the parts when the grill was one year old because it rusted something awful and the ignition stopped working.Today I need to replace the grate that protects the gas element again ~ the cost with shipping is half the price of a new grill . The ignition does n't work either . Again . Yes , I can light it manually , but this is a messy pain.It is a good introductory gas grill . It converted me from charcoal to gas . Steaks are done to perfection in 15 minutes or less . The other plus is that it does n't take up much space on an apartment balcony.However , it is very cumbersome to use because the lid is not attached and the legs collapse easily.After reading the reviews , my next grill will be a Cuisinart . Yes , it is twice the cost . But , who needs a grill that rusts out and falls apart ?
 The grill works fine . However , the automatic starter is dangerous . By the time it is hit , there is enough gas to make a loud bang and flash that scares me . I will use a manual lighter instead .
 I 've not had this portable Weber gas grill for over 2 years and I 'm getting ready to junk it . It 's not that it does n't work . It 's that it does n't work well.Being it 's a Weber , you 'd think it would be one of the better portable grills , regardless of it 's price . But I 've come to find , small cheap Webers are junk and you 're better off getting some other brand . Other off brands , at the same price of the Weber , are nicer then the Weber . If you get an off brand at about 1/2 the price of the Weber , then you 'll get about the same performance of the Weber.The reason I do n't like it is because it just does n't get hot enough . What would take me 10 mins to cook on home gas grill takes 20-25 mins on this grill . Also the heat is not even . The site with the starter button is hotter then the opposite side . It 's a PITA to re-arrange food to cook evenly , when the grill is this small.If you want a good portable grill , stay away from this and also the Weber Jr charcoal grill . I 've got one of those to , and it 's even worse then this is .
 Total Junk . The regulator on the one I received only rotates to the `` MED '' setting , where it blasts propane at a high rate.When I try to turn it down , I discovered I had an operating range of about a half inch of rotation on the regulator.I can only heat food on the left side of the unit , as the right side temp is very low.The handles get too hot to grip without heavily insulated gloves.Perhaps if you get a decent regulator , and the minions assemble it and adjust it correctly , then it may work.Crappiest quality control I 've seen in a long time.The one you buy may work , then again it may not .
 After reading other buyer 's reviews I expected a more solid item . The metal is very thin and will probably rust out if not treated with care . The fire was not very hot and I would not recommend it for anything more than hot dogs or hamburgers
 I wanted a small portable grill for the deck and camping . Works fine for hotdogs but not dependable for much else . Flames easily go out . I saw a lot of possitive comments and was hopeful but it looks like this grill is headed for yard sale land .
 Our family has purchased and used Weber BBQs -LRB- both charcoal and propane gas types -RRB- for 30 plus years and all have worked wonderfully and are STILL in great shape . This grill , however is a piece of junk . Within the first year the Flavorizer bar was completely rusted through and the bottom has started to rust as well . I have taken care of it exactly as the manual instructs -LRB- and how we have taken care of all our other Weber BBQs . -RRB- Additionally , the heating tube has never emitted the gas flame/heat evenly , so food does not cook evenly -LRB- the side away from Propane tank gets hotter -RRB- . Would not purchase this model again or recommend it to a friend/family member .
 Well , this is a nice little grill and very portable but for the life of me I can not find a store that carries the canisters ! It does not use the normal 16 oz canisters that every KMart and Walmart carries , it uses the smaller 14 oz canisters that it seems no one at all carries ! Even the specialty camping stores in my area do n't seem to have this size canister so unless you plan to hook it up to the large 20 lb propane tank -LRB- which kind of defeats the purpose of it being `` go-anywhere '' I 'd suggest getting a stove that uses a more standard size canister . I ended up buying some online and paying some rather expensive shipping charges for hazardous materials . But at least I have enough little canisters now to last awhile . It really is a shame is does not use the standard 16 oz canisters , what were they thinking ? I 'd rate the grill about a 4 , but the poor choice of canister size is a real killer for me.Followup - well , I did finally find some of these canisters ... check with your local hardware store ! Apparently they are sometimes used for construction so can be found at Home Depot and Lowes .
 I was searching for a good portable gas grill for camping . Maybe you get what you pay for in the end . Set up was easy , it started fine and heated , but not enough to put grill marks on burgers . The only time it got hot enough is if there were flare ups from the dripping fat onto the flavorizer plate , but that in itself created gas outages . I had to monitor the grill to ensure that the flame did not go out and every so often I had to push the starter to reignite.I am a graduate from the Culinary Institute of America and consider myself an accomplished cook with a very keen eye for quality . I can not recommend this purchase for anyone other than the average casual cook . This grill will cook hot dogs and sausages fine , but the more expensive cuts deserve more respect . Since I own one now , I will continue to use it for only low impact grilling without any wind to blow out the flame . If you are searching for a good grill , pan this purchase and continue your search . For me , I think I would have been better served with a charcoal grill . Happy camping .
 I looked around alot for a good small tabletop propane grill , and thi swas the only one I could find . I do not like it at all , it is very small , and has no cover that moves , you have to pull it off and set it down , it does not fold up . It also takes forever to cook a steak , and the low setting is useless . Very small surface and heavy and clunky too , the $ 19.00 i got at Wal mart was much better . Save your $ $ .
 Would not stay lighted in a light breeze much less in wind . Made a set 4 sheet metal shields which can be stored inside grill for transport and now works in strong wind . Knew from reviews that unit does not work in wind but bought anyway based on mechanical characteristics described . Weber could have built with some fold down shields near the vent holes vice just putting a gas burner in the charcoal unit .
 I thought the number of positive reviews meant that this is a solid grill . Unfortunately , it seems to be more in line with the negative reviews.The first issue I have is with the starter . I have tried placing it at different distances from the gas pipe , but no luck . I have to use a lighter to start the grill.Secondly , it does n't get hot . I 've cooked hotdogs , brats , and a veggie patty on the grill and I barely saw any burn marks on the dogs . They also took forever to cook . I guess it might be a grill that requires having the lid on . I would never try to cook a steak on it and I 'm hesitant to toss a chicken breast on it.The heat is also uneven right-to-left . I would n't expect to cook a variety of foods on this sized grill at any time so the heat should be more uniform .
 I 've owned this grill for about 4 years . I originally bought it because it was small and would store in my R.V. . I started having problems with it not heating up or going out altogether and having to be re-lit a lot . I would sometimes have to shake the bottle and then it would cook o.k. for a while . I 've replaced the temp/regulator control valve twice so far
 I owned a Weber 1520 Propane Gas Go-Anywhere Grill for about 10 years and absolutley loved it ! When it finally wore out , I decided to buy a replacement.It was hard to find one , but when I found it at Amazon.com , without even considering the price , I went ahead an purchased it ! Well , when it arrived , I put it together just in time for our 4th of July BBQ . Oh boy , was n't I dissapointed . It was hard to light , but we got it lit , and then the heat was not balanced on the cooking surface , so that food had to take turns over the heat ! Turned out that the steaks we cooked had to be finished inside , because it just never got hot enough . BUt , we decided to give it another chance with just some hamburgers . This time , we could not get it to light at all , so we had to use a match to light it - the igniter obviously had a problem . Again - the heat -LRB- set on high -RRB- , was uneven and just did not get the job done . Realising that the value of the WEBER name was not in this Grill - I deciced to return it for a refund . My feeling was that it was very cheaply made and there are grills on the market for half the price of this one that would give me the performance that I was getting from the new Weber . All-in-all we were very disspointed that it did not work .
 Having used the earlier Sunbeam version of this grill for many years , I eagerly purchased the new Weber version . Where the Sunbean used lava rocks , the Weber uses a single metal tent-like `` flavor bar '' to distribute the heat evenly beneath the grilling surface . Unlike the Sunbeam version , the Weber includes a piezo-electric starter -- potentially useful for lighting in windy conditionsHere 's the big problem
 The first thing I noticed when I took it from the box was the sharp edges on the lid and the bottom pan , definately not up to the standard of my experience with Weber Kettle Grills . That was the least of the problems with this grill . When I started the grill the flame was the same on low as it was on high . It took at least 15 minutes to heat up to cook a burger . When I tried to put the lid on to melt the cheese the flame went out completely . I called Weber and was told the problem was probably in the regulator . They sent me a new regulator ; it had no effect on the problem . I tried to use the grill again . This time I put the lid on to let the food slow cook . After a couple of minutes , I noticed the lid was cool . I took the lid off and the flame was out again . I hit the ingitor and , POOF , a flame shot up a foot in the air . The flame had gone out and the gas continued to fill the grill . I was lucky I took the lid off before hitting the ignitor ... hard to say how bad it could have been . My only problem now is trying to figure out how to get my money back . Please DO NOT consider buying this grill . Spend less and get a Blue Rhino ... it works .
 Not sure if this is a problem with the entire line or just the one I bought , but after spending the time putting it together and attaching the small propane tank , and after a few tries at getting it to start with the ignitor , it only produced a minimal flame even on high . After 2O minutes on this grill the thin chicken tenderloin strips were n't even starting to cook . Had to take them inside and finish them in the skillet on the stove . On other grills these usually cook great in about 4 minutes . Very disappointed and returning the product .
 I bought this grill based on the positive reviews and the fact that the parts are sturdier than the one it 's replacing -LRB- $ 20 grill I found at Rite Aid -RRB- , due to the propane valve breaking off , that was almost identical in terms of functionality but had a layer of Lava rocks below the cooking rack which allowed it to reach WAY higher and more even and controllable temp zones than this Weber.High temp on the Weber is not hot enough to sear steak properly and there are many cold zones on the grill that do n't make me feel comfortable cooking chicken or burgers unless you 're constantly shifting to the hot zone which is only about 30 % of the grilling surface -LRB- top/middle on the left side is the hottest area -RRB- . In my opinion this grill is constructed of better quality hardware than most in it 's price range and size but it 's not my favorite for cooking due to the uneven temp zones and overall low heat output.I guess next time I buy a grill like this I 'll make sure they quote what maximum temp it reaches . Ca n't seem to find that info anywhere for this grill and starting to think Weber left it out cause it 's not up to par.Pretty sure if some of the 4-5 star reviewers had tried the lava type they would know what they 're missing and not praise this one so highly
 I 've been using Weber grills for years due to the high quality , both gas and charcoal . They cost more but are worth it . Recently , I moved to a small apartment from a much larger house and wanted another grill , without requiring much space . I chose between two similar looking grills , this Weber and another brand . Though the other was approximately 1/3 the cost , I went with the Weber due to the confidence I have in the brand . It has n't paid off.The grill is very new and I 've used it two times . Unlike some of the others , I do not have issues lighting the grill ; starts right up . However , I have a dangerous issue that it seems to constantly go out without warning . Building up propane inside the grill creates a safety hazard when the grill goes out time after time and I 'm leery to use it around my children.The same issues were noted on two separate days , neither of which were windy at all ; just the slightest movement in the air . I live near the beach and a day with no wind at all is impossible to find but the two days tested , it was very , very minimal and it 's not like you can use a grill inside . This was with a brand new 16 oz cylinder.Aside from the grill going out and the safety involved , I have not had other problems . The grill has gotten hot enough to cook what I wanted , starts fine , and is n't old enough to show any age . With the safety issue though , it 's hard to rate above 2 stars . I 'm a bit scared to use it currently since one time during re-light , a bit more propane had accumulated than I expected and let off a bit of an explosion . Watching two daughters while grilling , I do n't have time to lift the lid and constantly check the fire to see if it has gone out.I 've emailed Weber about the issue and will update the review if they are able to help fix the problem .
 This `` grill '' is an oven in disguise . The first time we used it we left the enclosed large metal insert in place and ruined -LRB- baked -RRB- $ 25 worth of T-Bones . On our second attempt to grill on it we removed the large metal insert but the flames were so low that it was still ineffectual as a flamebroiling grill.There went another $ 20 bucks worth of beef ! Not at all the happy grilling experience I remember from years ago with my original weber portable grill .
 This product is too small it does not heat up to a properlevel and takes for ever to cook any thing . I would notrecomend it . In fact if I could get my money back I wouldbe glad to return it .
 I had 2 of these thinking that the first one was defective . I ended up returning the second one also . The handles got to hot to touch after a few minutes of grilling . I also had a fire under the `` flavorizer '' bars that are supposed to vaporize all drippings , that I thought was going to get out of control and blow up the propane tank.For what this unit costs , I guess I wanted more from it .
 I 've had nothing but problems with this little grill since day one.I needed a new grill , as my big gas grill finally died , rather then spend tons on repairs , I decided to get a big Weber charcoal grill -LRB- which I love , except for the non steel cooking grate -RRB- , and a little Go-Anywhere gas grill . I have been through several ` flavorizor bars ' , and if I cook when there is any breeze at all , the flame goes out . I 've replaced ever part of the insides , to no avail.I can not express strongly enough how much I HATE this grill . Nothing like going outside , to find no smoke coming from the grill ... just luke warm , undercooked meat ... YUM.I will say that the people at Weber 's customer service have been very kind , and try to be helpful , but nothing works . I am really bummed that I own this grill
 i bought this to do some basic grilling when camping . This is totally worthless . i tested it at home before going camping . If there is so much as a breeze blowing , the flame goes out . there was a small wind blowing , just enough to make the leaves on the trees move . The flame was blown out within seconds . the only way the flame would stay lit was to move the grill ALL the way into my garage . then it worked fine . This is a terrible product .
 The size and structure of the Weber go anywhere grill was great . But the element did not flicker properly and it would not lite without using a manual lighter therefore I returned it . . Amazon was great about the return as long as you returned it within two days you get your money back
 I bought this grill about a year ago , after I read all the rave reviews everywhere I looked . It seems to be a rare feat to find a product that consistantly receives positive , almost glowing , reviews . But I , like another reviewer , can never get that wonderful grilled flavor on my hamburgers and steaks . If I cook them long enough to get a grilled appearance -LRB- not grey or bland brown looking -RRB- the meat ends up being dry and flavorless . If the stuff on the flavorizer catches fire , it flames like crazy and burns the meat . If there is no stuff on the flavorizer , the heat from the grill is just not enough to get the job done . Maybe my flavorizer needs more/bigger holes , as another reviewer suggested . I 've had luck cooking chicken breasts that were rather thick , and they turned out well ... high heat with the lid cocked slightly , but it takes a long time to get them done and there has to be left over stuff on the flavorizer.I thought after I broke this grill in it would start to perform well , but that just never happened . Everyone hates the lava rocks , but I miss them ... they made my old little grill sizzle , unlike this one . I ca n't get too excited about spending several hundred dollars on a full size grill that rots out after a few years , so I 'm considering going back to charcoal . Or , now that I think of it , I may try to find some of those lava rocks and take out the flavorizer . Bottom line for me , this grill was a real disappointment . Glad I did n't waste a lot of money .
 I sent this grill straight back to Amazon when I saw that 2 of the 3 legs were already bent/dented upon arrival at my door . Also , the lid was warped and did not sit properly on the bottom half of the grill . `` Well , that 's a shipping issue , '' you might say , and you 'd be partially correct . The other half of the equation , though , is that Weber really skimps on quality in this instance when it comes to the stand on which the grill sits . A child could probably fold one of the legs in half , and the wheels are n't fit for a toy.My parents own another Weber grill , and one of its legs rusted off in less than a year -LRB- this includes regular use of a cover for the grill -RRB- . So , either they live under an acid rain cloud , or the legs on their grill were as flimsy as the ones I received.I guess I should have known better , but the Weber Smokey Mountain Cooker I purchased several years back is very high quality , with thick/durable metals and a nice fit on everything . I still smoke on it regularly . I guess they 're less concerned with the durability of their grills.Anyway , I sent this grill back for a refund and put up some extra money to buy a Kamado style grill . I 'd rather spend more money on a grill that 's going to last 30 years than skimp and have a grill that 's going to last 3 years tops.I would , however , like to add that Amazon 's customer service and return policy is excellent , and my issues were only with this grill .
 I hope everything was in the box it was very beat up I did not want to take everything out because I knew i could not get it back in the box and it had to go to Germany with my son in the airforce . just hope everything is there
 This is a pretty good grill but has a major manufacturing flaw . The legs do n't fit tightly enough . I 've seated them all the way and still , when I pick up the grill to move it from one level to another , they fall out . And it 's a pain in the butt to get them back in as the entire leg apparatus has no structural integrity of its own . It folds and flops around once the legs pop out . If they all fall out as they sometimes do , and you 've already lit some coals , you 're screwed without a second set of hands . You 'll have to empty the thing to turn it upside down to fit the legs . Ideally , you 'd place the bbq where you want it before you start cooking , but we all know this is n't an ideal world . You might want to move it from one location to another to , say , be closer to the beer cooler . Legs falling out will harsh you mellow big time . -2 starsNote
 I got this for Christmas a year ago to replace my 1983 version . I use it side by side with my 28-year old copy . They are n't even close . The 1983 version has much thicker metal , a bullet-proof porcelain finish , much thicker rods on the grill . After more than 20 moves involving dis-assembly the 28-year old grill still outshines the new model . I have already dented the lid and scuffed paint off the new one ! It cooks like the old one so I give it points for that .
 We were excited for this grill to arrive after reading all of the great reviews and deciding to switch back to a charcoal grill.Now we 're simply suprised at all the great reviews.CONS : - Flimsy / cheap-feeling stand with one leg that easily pops out if you accidently drag it a bit - The lid does n't fit even before you use it , and after you use it it warps / gets worse - Cheap low-quality parts - Non-adjustable grill height . If you 're not careful you can easily burn food or end up with it not cooked enough by waiting too long for it to cool down enough to not burn on - too close to the coals for some foods - The ash bin -LRB- which I thought was going to be awesome -RRB- is cumbersome to remove / re-attch , and the aluminim housing bends easilyPROS : - Sorry , we ca n't really think of too many other than if it was in a lower price bracket it would be considered decentSUMMARY : - Way overpriced , cheap materials , disappointing , and we 're going back to gas ... :-LRB- ** IMPORTANT UPDATE ** AUGUST 2011 : - After owning this for over a year and only cooking on it for 1.5 seasons , I was dismayed to discover that even with the total proper care and cleaning of the cooking grate , the cooking grate rusted to the point of beyond cleaning ! I tried every trick in the book and then resorted to CONTACTING WEBER WARRANTY SUPPORT DIRECTLY . They required me to wait 3 days for a reply , and then asked me to provide the serial ID AND PHOTOS IN EMAIL to PROVE to them that there was a problem . They would NOT accept my receipt of purchase as proof enough -LRB- like I have time to waste sitting around on their hold line over a grill -RRB- . I was REQUIRED to PROVE with EMAIL PHOTO ATTACHMENTS of the problem with the cooking grate WARPING and RUSTING under perfect conditions -LRB- cleaned , oiled , garaged during winter months , etc. . . -RRB- . WEBER WOULD NOT HONOR THE WARRANTY UNTIL I PROVIDED DIGITAL IMAGES OF THE PROBLEM VIA EMAIL , PLUS IDENTIFYING AN INSCRIPTION ON THE DOME VENT WHICH IS ALSO RUSTING . To their credit , AFTER I went through the hassle of emaling them digital photos and providing a serial number , they DID send me a replacement cooking grate . BUT YOU KNOW WHAT ? - IT IS THE SAME CRAP METAL AS THE ONE BEFORE IT - they offered me the option of spending $ 40 extra for a `` stainless steel cooking grate '' and I just had to ask - why would I need to spend additional money on a `` top line '' Weber cooking grate when I already purchase a `` top line '' Weber grill ?? There was no answer for that question.BUYER BEWARE - This expensive grill comes with a cheap NON stainless steel cooking grate , and they depend on the upsell of you buying a stainless cooking great when yours rusts after 1 year of use . Also rhe actual proper fit of the parts is hit or miss - some people 's cover tops fit fine , many others ' do NOT . My issues have nothing to do with proper care - I HAVE HAD TO PROVE to Weber that I 've followed their proper maintenance instructions to the letter.BOTTOM LINE AFTER 1 YEAR OF OCCASIONAL USE AND PROPER CARE AND ASSESSMENT DIRECTLY FROM WEBER - Junk for the price . While the paint coat is good and endures well , the parts suck and WEBER THEMSELVES offer an `` upsell '' option for the grates , because they know they ship this with CHEAP GRATES that rust , and then offer you the Stainless Steel grate upgrade . For this price , it should ship WITH the stainless cooking grate . AND I should not have provide photos in addition to my receipt just to get another cheap non-stainless junk cooking grate.I know people will vote this review down , but once you own this over-priced piece of cheap crap you 'll change your mind.Yes , I 'm miffed and disappointed . It 's nothing personal . Save yourself some money and buya knock-off brand and you 'll get the same quality . I challenge Weber to prove me wrong on anything I 've staed here - I have all the proof , documentation , emails , and photos .
 Cover is about 1/2 &#34; too large for kettle . Because cover does not fit ; when you shut off air , all the remaining coals still burn up .
 The kettle was egg shaped when it arrived having been mishandled in shipping . Not an easy item to ship . The enamel was chipped off the rim of the kettle and the lid would not sit on the kettle . Decided to buy one at Home Depot rather than go thru the aggravation after having to rebox and return this large item .
 Was very disappointed with this product . I bought it used to save a few dollars ... the main leg is bent and the grate inside is all bent that leaves a space for food to fall thru . Won t buy used again . .
 I have to say I am quite disappointed with this grill . After handing down my hand-me-down Charbroil due to a move , I was excited to get this Weber -LRB- my wife calls me a brand whore -RRB- . My excitement abruptly dwindled . First of all , when I opened the box , I quickly realized that some of the parts were missing . When I finally did get the parts -LRB- a week later -RRB- and assembled the grill , I found that the lid did not fit the bowl well . While smoking a pork shoulder , I stood there watching the smoke pouring out of one side of the grill . When I measured the lid 's diameter at several different points , I found that the lid was out-of-round by about 3-1/2 inches . Another thing I like about the Charbroil is the fact that you can adjust the height of the charcoal rack . With this weber grill , you have to throw in about 2 pounds of charcoal to cook 4 hamburgers . Wasteful . While Weber 's customer service is excellent -LRB- which is the only reason I gave this 2 stars -RRB- , I will tell anyone who will listen to go with the less expensive , albeit less glamorous , Charbroil .
 I ordered one these from Amazon , got it , put it together , and noticed it was out of round and the lid was wobbly and had big gaps . I sent it back for an exchange . Amazon is very good about returns and exchanges so I received a new one just a few days later . The packaging looked great , no tears or smashed box . I put it together and sure enough , this time it is not out of round , it 's just a BAD FIT between the lid and the bowl . I believe the quality of these grills has dimished over just the past couple years . I used a friend of mine 's one touch silver that is two or three years old and her lid fits great ! I 'm very sad to write this review because I 've always been a big Weber fan , I have a Weber Smokey Mountain cooker that I absolutely LOVE ! Wish I could say the same about this . I 've given up an the Weber kettle because all the ones I try at the stores have this same loose fitting lid problem .
 ridiculous pricing on these new Webers ... where once you could get a 22 '' model for less than $ 70 , the company now charges -LRB- and never discounts -RRB- upwards of $ 100 or morehave to agree with other reviewers about : bad quality control - issues with the the charcoal grate not fitting the four-point resting tongues - sloppily sizedpoor material choices - older models had really nice hardwood handles , but the newer models have the molded plastic crapola handles ... loose fit overall - something seems amiss at the factory - models are not assembling with as tight tolerances as in the pastWeber used to be a solid name in the U.S. charcoal grill market - i 'm afraid that this reputation is slipping down a steep slope of obscurity if the QC continues to slidei recommend :1 . better quality control2 . standard hinged grates for all models -LRB- you will win big fans -RRB- 3 . better tolerances4 . revert to hardwood on handles -LRB- ` handles ' heat better - get it ? -RRB- btw , i use cheap aluminum round cake pans in the ash catcher - works better than an expensive model upgrade to catch and remove waste charcoal
 Weber has deleted the thermometer and lid holder from this previously great grill . Now , for a 66 % premium , the only difference between the Gold and Silver models is the ash catcher and hinged grill , what a rip ! Buy the Silver model and save yourself about $ 60.00 !
 My husband wanted this grill because it had good reviews . After we got it one of the legs came pretty bent in but we did n't want to return the product already because we needed it for the weekend . Another downside is that the lid does n't latch on to anything so when grilling and the lid is hot you have to hold the lid in your hand . Thats very inconvenient because you cant put it down since its hot so that leaves you only one hand to grill with . Pretty disappointed .
 As a lifetime Weber fan I was truly disappointed when it broke on Step 1 of assembly . The ring that holds the used charcoal bin has 2 tiny welds that snapped apart as soon as I tried to fit it over the leg receptacles . I will attempt to return and replace the broken piece , but will forever be worried that it will snap during use . So why am I keeping it ? I 'm hoping this a rare incident because I have enjoyed many Webers over the years , replacing them only from general weather wear , never from failure .
 We have just lost the ignitor after one year with the current Weber Grill . We have bought 7 over the past 3 years as we own a vacation home as well . We have upgraded , several times , after reading reviews , thinking maybe we were not buying the best of the line . Did n't matter . We maintain , we clean , and in all honesty , we do n't use it as much as most people , probably . Not happy . Moving on , hopefully to find a grill that lasts more than a year or two . I think Weber , unsucessfully , rests on their reputation .
 I really wanted to like this grill . I bought it because my friend has the same model -LRB- older construction , but same model -RRB- , and he grills like a fiend on it . So , when my wife 's subtle hinting that it would be great if we could grill became insistent , I ordered this one up.Got the first one on time , but , when I opened it up , the bottom kettle was significantly dented near one of the leg insertions , so much so that it could n't be assembled , and the finish was flaking inside the kettle . Luckily , Amazon is great on returns , so I sent it back -LRB- on their dime -RRB- for a replacement.The second one arrived over night -LRB- thanks again , Amazon ! -RRB- , and , lo and behold , the handles on this one was bent radically out of shape , with the finish flaking off the handle and on the outside of the kettle near the handle.I 'm not sure what , exactly , is going on with Weber , but , with the quality I 'm seeing on these grills and the price they 're asking , I just do n't think they 're a good risk ...
 This is a $ 19.99 grill ! The lid is loose and does not hinge , there is no bag with it and the whoole thing is a bit cheap made ! It 's heavy and clumsy , the lid lifts when lifted although both ` clamps ' are in position . As a grill it 's ok , but there is a reason why you will only find images that show the item closed up !
 We bought this grill because of the large cooking surface space but were dismayed when the electric ignition switch was broken within about a month . We are currently having problems getting a replacement switch .
 I own 3 other Weber grills . I bought this one to replace a worn out -LRB- rotted out -RRB- competitive gas model . I was extemely disappointed in the lack of flavor of cooked out meats . If you want to grill veggies , it is OK . There is no `` charbroil taste '' . It is like cooking in an oven outdoors . The quality of the unit itself though is great . Weber makes a great quality unit , very sturdy , thick metal legs and supports , cooking grates very sturdy , everything about it is outstanding . Except flavor . I returned mine after 2 weeks and bought another 100 $ gas grill with the stones/rocks . I know I will have to replace it every couple of years but , it is the trade for the flavor . I still use my old Weber charcoal kettle grill though , at least once a week . Have had it for over 25 years now . Sits outside all year long . It is the best grill money can buy for flavor in cooking outdoors . It just takes longer to enjoy its fruits .
 I purchased the Smokey Joe as a camping/alternative grill . I have been disappointed in its ' performance . It is very difficult to get a good coal bed established ! It appears that there is not enough ventilation from the bottom to allow sufficient air to the coals . It is very difficult to get the charcoal hot enough to grill steaks/hamburgs/hotdogs . I would not buy another
 I just got this grill , I DO NOT Like it , it needs air holes on the bottom . It does n't seem like the coals stay hot enough , not enough air circulating ... ok as a small back up grill , but I wish I had purchased the original one with holes and plate on bottom . The locking lid is the only part i like on this Gold model apart from the other one . I DO NOT recommend buying this grill . I think I 'll order the bigger 22.5 inch one next . More room for briquets .
 your desciption of the grill is great . i was wondering if it would allow me to cook a 12-14 lb turkey . maybe weber should pick up on this consideration when they sell a product .
 I love Webber and I purchased this little Smokey Joe because I have been so happy . It it built very well and looks good too but this little gye has a MAJOR design flaw !! The vents on the bottom of the unit are too small ! If you cook with the lid on and all vents open -LRB- max air flow possible -RRB- your charcoal will be cold and nearly out in 20 minutes and your chicken or whatever will be uncooked . Now the fun begins . Take everything out , blow compressed air on the coals to get them going or add more lighter fluid ... It 's a matter of air flow being adequate to keep the coals hot . I plan on drilling more holes but rust will limit it 's life . Maybe I will complain to Weber ?
 When you charge my credit card , you need to ship the item . It is improper to charge my credit card prior to shipping an item . You put me in limbo not being able to alter change or cancel and order for more than 3 days after ordering and then extending the shipping time to an unacceptable time frame order 16 July not getting until 5 August ? Weber 40020 Smokey Joe Gold Charcoal Grill ''
 Unlike the Smokey Joe silver , the gold model does not have vents on the bottom under the coals . The vents on the gold model are on the sides above the coals and are held in place by the carry handle frame . This location does not allow for proper air circulation as in other Weber charcoal grills and I had trouble getting the coals hot enough to cook even after letting them burn for a half hour . I had to transfer the food to my gas grill to cook 4 chicken breasts . Placing the cover on the grill seems to extinguish the coals . The coals were a brand new bag of Kingsford and they were dry .
 I am curious about all of these positive reviews here , I purchased this grill a couple years ago at Target . I had great experiences with Weber products in the past and expected the same from this grill . I wish it was engineered as well as it is built ! the vents are located ABOVE the charcoal !!! This means that it will not produce the convective currents that keeps the charcoal burning . In a normal grill heat rises pulling air into the grill from BENEATH the coals , the air then passes through the charcoal feeding the fire and is heated only to escape out the top vents thus pulling more air in through the bottom . This is convection . In this grill the air is NOT pulled through the coals and the DARN THING GOES OUT CONSTANTLY !!!!!!!!!!! The only time we have got it to work is when it is very windy with the lid off . If by chance you were as unlucky as I am and are stuck with this piece of high quality JUNK , pleas write a review so that others are not tricked into buying one when they read the reviews .
 I 've used this grill twice now and what a total waste of time . I totally agree with the person who said the coals keep going out because there is no air flow under the coals . The food stops cooking and you have to relight the coals . I just saw one by Char-Broil at Lowe 's for $ 30 that I plan on buying after work . That grill has a venting system -LRB- not just a louver -RRB- positioned in a separate cavity under the grill that draws air from the sides of the cavity and then up towards the charcoal .
 I 'm a long time Weber fan and love the majority of their products . I 've had a number of their charcoal grills over the years and figured the Smokey Joe GOLD would be a nice little addition for balcony and picnic grilling . Unfortunately , Weber designed this grill with an inherent flaw . Unlike their other charcoal grills , the air inlet vents are above and to the sides of the coals rather than below them . When you place the lid on the grill -LRB- as Weber encourages all customers to do in all of their literature/instructions -RRB- , the coals cool and go out rather than cook the food . To use this grill , I 've had to make it a ` lidless ' cooker and never use the lid . I may try the SJ Silver or the Go-Anywhere as both of these grills have the air inlets below the coals and should n't have this same problem .
 Not happy with this grill . Vents are on the side so it does n't heat very good .
 The overall build quality is pretty good as to be expected from Weber . However , it really does have a serious and perplexing design flaw . The ventilation holes are located high on the sides of the grill , where the handle attaches . This places them ABOVE the charcoal so it never gets enough air . Not only is it difficult to maintain a temp of over 325 degrees but you will have trouble keeping it lit with the cover on . Forget about cooking a steak or burgers on this grill as it does n't ever get hot enough to cook beef properly . Weber should have never let this product go to market .
 I own many Weber products and find that the design is almost always first class . That is not the case with this gold version of the Smokey Joe . As others have said , the vents being on the side does not allow for proper air flow through the charcoal bed . As a result , it does not produce enough heat to properly seer and cook a steak . Other foods cook very slowly as well . It is so bad that I do n't find it to be worth using at all . Although the quality of construction is excellent , I plan to discard this model and purchase the silver , which I have used at the home of a friend . The silver model produces a hot fire and cooks as expected . It will not be as easy to carry , but that is a small price to pay for proper cooking ability .
 I bought the Gold model . When the wind is blowing , the Gold model is fine , and the signature feature -LRB- the handle that snaps over the lid -RRB- is a good safety item when grilling is over.When the wind is not blowing , the grill does not work properly . The reason is because the vents are paradoxically situated above the coals . This problem can be alleviated by folding a medium-size piece of cardboard and standing over the grill fanning the coals for 10-15 minutes . When this is done , you will be a Smoky Joe too but at least the coals will be hot . However , do not put the grill top on when the wind is not blowing , for the coals will smoke and go out almost immediately -LRB- even with the vents open -RRB- . After one use , I drilled 3 vent-holes in the bottom . It helps , but I still have to fan the coals . A common hair styling blow dryer can also be rigged to provide the necessary ventilation . I have tried this , and the low setting seems to work fine .
 the Gold model was poorly created.the side air vents are ABOVE the coals.if you put the cover on while your food cooks , your fire will steadily go out . the fire needs air flow from the bottom to stay lit if you have the cover on . this is where the Silver model beats out the Gold model.the best way to cook with the Gold model is to grill without the lid on the grill . i grilled six 1/3 lb burgers with the lid off and the grill kept the fire going ok . the wind was blowing enough to supply enough air to the fire and keep it lit and hot.if i could go back in time , i would 've bought the Silver model instead.Weber gets an F for the poor design of the Smokey Joe Gold . shame on you Weber !!!
 As others have suggested the Gold has the vents above the coals - not sure what the weber folks were thinking . I 've had many of the regular silver joes and loved them -LRB- i grill 4-5 times a week -RRB- they have high heat and even cooking . This grill was obviously designed for the occasional griller who can leave the top off for his hot dogs and burgers . best advice - avoid the gold , go for the silver - if like me you purchased the gold version either give it to a part-time griller or chuck it out - its pretty useless for serious grilling . wish i 'd known before i plopped down my $ 35 .
 I thought I had ordered the blue/green wall of water and the red ones came instead . I put them over our baby peppers and they have not grown and the leaves started turning yellow . Last year we had used the blue/green ones and they worked wonderfully .
 The plants I used these on , are my worse looking plants . The others I planted look 100 % better those I used with Walls O Water . ??????
 I bought a variety of headnets from Amazon , wishing to select the best one for my family 's trip to the Amazon jungle . Of all the headnets I bought - this one was the smallest . It would not work with a hat with a brim all the way around -LRB- did n't hang down to the neck area -RRB- . Even with a hat with a front brim only , the net was so tight , that it clung to my face . Also - being green , it did n't provide the visual clarity of another product that used black mesh .
 i bought this product in hopes for relief from the flying blood suckers but i tried this on over my hat and looked good for a minute then the neck fastener band broke and this wont work anymore cause my neck is exposed and overall i wish i paid for the better headnet then this junk save your cash and spend a bit more for one better then this .
 It 's light and fits just right over a hat and would be a wonderful product if the mesh was fine enough . Unfortunately the mesh is rather course and will keep out mosquitoes and houseflies but is useless against black flies . I grew to detest this product after having to use it for a few hours in black fly season .
 this pictured headnet is what i ordered . they sent me something else . i called . they said `` sorry '' we will send you the correct one asap . guess what - same wrong POS . negative stars would be appropriate if possible . i am an avid amazon shopper . you just lost a valuable customer . not just because of this , but 5 differant instances in 2 months . amazon is down the drain with the filth .
 Maybe I have an enormous noggin , but this was impossible to wear comfortably with any hats to keep the netting off your face . Instead the netting lays directly on your face annoying the living sin out of you . I felt as if rolling around in a HPV invested termite mound would be more comfortable.Your results and comfort level may vary .
 Has vents to let in rain , how dumb is that ?
 I have this product located by the door in my garage and I also have a conventional mouse trap directly under the repeller and have killed two mice in the traps . I also have other traps set in the garage that have killed mice . I have wooded lots on each side of my house so I purchased this product to keep the mice out of my garage but it is not working for me . I have had no sucess with this product .
 While I have to applaud the idea , I am very disappointed with how this product stands up over time . Mine rusted within one or two months of buying them . They were outside protected by my grill so its not like they were n't protected .
 I had a rat . At first I thought I had a mouse . I bought several mice traps from Amazon which like this rat trap came promptly in the mail . Amazon is really great for this sort of purchase.But before the mouse traps even arrived the damn rat ran right into my foot as I stood in the middle of my kitchen . I wanted to stomp it but it was too fast . It was obvious that it was much too big to be captured by the tiny mice traps.This was annoying to me because I have a cat AND a dog . My cat just ignored the rat and just slept on in my lap . He 's twenty . My dog barked all night at the rat but never seemed to attack it . In his defense he 's a very small dog.Then I ordered this rat trap and one other . But the rat was living behind the dryer in my kitchen . The crack was too narrow for this trap . If I put it out in the open either my dog or my cat -LRB- or both -RRB- would have tripped the mechanism.I finally ordered some rat poison from Amazon . Bob 's your uncle . Dead rat found in the laundry room and I got some sleep at last .
 Mice ate bait right off and were never caught . Ended up feeding about 4 mice and fattening them up over the course of 3-4 months , and only one got caught -LRB- that 's the 1 star -RRB- . Purchased a humane mouse trap that caught mice alive and I caught the other 3 mice in 3 days and have n't had any recurrences . Do n't waste time with this -LRB- and conscience over killing a mouse -RRB- - get the green house `` humane '' mouse trap which is far more effective and wo n't worsen your karma .
 I agree with Debbie B 's review . This item is cheap and does not stand the test of time . I did n't even have it one month before it was completely flat ! Very unhappy and expected better from this store - ESPECIALLY considering the high price and expensive shipping .
 I could n't be more dissapointed . This is a $ 5 item in my estimation , certainly not a $ 23-plus-shipping investment . Too bad I ordered an item with no customer reviews . Apparently others were more astute than I and could tell by looking at it in the photo that it was only a piece of neoprene foam in some cheap fabric . Your derriere will not notice any significant cushioning !
 This part is designed to NOT be removable . Once inserted into a tank even with 5-10 ft-lbs of torque , it can not be removed with the plastic lug provided . The lug will sear off and you will have nw way to remove it . Convienent when you are selling these connectors , it would be easy enough to make teh llugs out of metal.Once this occurs , you will need to have the tank refilled . This eliminated the common option of simply swapping your empty tank for a new full tank that has the standard connector fitting . For about $ 20 - $ 25 you can replace your non-standard quick connect on your weber with a new hose/regulator that has the standard oversized female connector .
 Well , the Hansen Gas-Mate II Quick Disconnect Adapter will temporarily solve your BBQ connection issues , but ONLY TEMPORARILY . What will inevitably happen to you will be suffering my fate . Upon emptying your tank , you are going to find someday that you will have this adapter stuck in the threads of the tank . There is no place to grab the adapter with a wrench or pliers to get a good grip on it to turn it.Save that little plastic inner piece that comes with it as you can get an adjustable wrench around the square outside of that to turn the adapter out for a while , until the day comes when the torque required is too much for the plastic inner piece . I would also recommend greasing up both sets of threads , the ones on the new tank and the ones on the Hansen Gas-Mate II adapter . AND DO N'T OVERTIGHTEN IT putting it into your new full tank.This adapter is another bad design by Weber . This adapter should come with either a strong metal inner piece that helps you remove it , or it should have some portion of the adapter itself on its outside that operates like a nut and serves as a grabbing point for a wrench .
 The installation instructions require you to tighten the fitting to the point that you break the little black intstallation tool . Once the tank is empty it can not be refilled unless the station has an adapter . I have not found a station with one yet . You can not get the adapter off the tank with out the tool you broke . They dont sell the black tool and it 's designed so nothing else fits . You have to purchase the whole fitting just to get the tool . Another $ 17.00 down the drain . After my third one , I finally fabbed a tool out of a bolt head by grinding the head into the right shaped triangle .
 I own a Weber Genesis Gold C. I initially thought this rotisserie was a nice product ; however the motor began to stop rotating after about the third use . You could hear it trying to turn , but no rotation . It would be an intermittent thing where for no particular reason it would start and stop spinning . This was with and without a load on it . I just default to going out and turning my food -LRB- mostly turkey -RRB- a quarter turn every 20 minutes and everything is cool . I usually cook small turkeys , 12-14 pounds , so this only requires 5 or 6 rotations . Some of the prices for these things are outrageous ! I will not waste money buying a new one , unless I could find one dirt cheap -LRB- I paid $ 65 and that was too much -RRB- . I 'll just use it manually -LRB- caveman style -RRB- .
 This does not fit my Weber Genesis as the description inicated it would.I am currently waiting for a reply from Weber as to which model will fit my Weber E-310 . I may have to exchange this for another .
 the details do n't tell you but there is a completely different rotisserie for Weber Genesis e/s -3 oo series grills . this one fits older , smaller Genesis grills .
 Great product @ $ 4.99 from Weber but nowhere worth the $ 13.55 shipping and handling from Dynadirect which is buried in the fine print . Buyer beware !! I 'm not used to this from Amazon.com and I wo n't make the same mistake again !!
 I purchased a Weber Q grill and some accessories . I understood the shipping charges listed by Amazon included the whole shipping cost for the order . However , I received a bill for $ 13.55 for shipping for the $ 4.99 aluminum drip pans from Dynadirect . The web site lists the shipping weight as 4 lbs but they only weigh 5 oz . WHAT A RIPOFF !!
 I used these drip pans when my grill was new since a couple of them came with my Baby-Q . Since then , I line the pan with heavy duty aluminum foil . Works just as well as the pans at a much lower cost .
 These trays make great serving dishes for the local racoon that visits my house every evening . He LOVES those drippings , and almost ripped the whole bottom pan of the grill off to get to them .
 Google this product and you will find that the same 24-pack sells for under $ 3/pack .
 I bought the Weitech 1500 Pest Repeller hoping to get rid of a pesky mouse but 3 weeks later , it 's still running around!The worse part of the product is the irritating clicking noise it makes , just imagine hearing your alarm clock all day , just not as loud . It 's driving me crazy ! I do n't know what 's worse the steady annoying clicking noise or knowing that the mouse is still here . I 'm still hoping that it 'll work because i ca n't imagine actually killing the mouse and trying to throw it out .
 We have been using this product for 3 weeks and have not noticed an improvement in our bug problem . We still have spiders and other creepy crawleys .
 I purchased two Victor Tin Cat -LRB- solid top -RRB- and have bated with Peanut Butter . I have had them in the correct locations for about a week or more . I have caught absolutely no mice . This house is over-run with mice so I know they are there . These traps cost much more than the kill traps so I am stuck with two useless metal boxes . Do n't believe all the good reviews you see . If you try it do n't order more that one until you see if it will work or not . I will probably return these .
 This worked for a friend of mine and he caught lots of mice with it.The mice in in my house are a bit smarter . Evolution ? Victor !!!! I need a better mouse trap !
 Seems the mice are unimpressed . The Havahart is harder to use but the mice seem to find it irresistible even though it is a pain to bait and set .
 It 's worked somewhat well in that the mice go for the bait , but three times now , with three different traps , they 've gone in and feasted and are somehow able to get out . Am I missing something here ?!
 When I catch mice , I try to let them go over at one of the Forest Preserves in the area . I 've caught them in four different areas of our house , and need an easy way to spot a sprung trap . I can easily do that with the Havahart traps , but would have to expend far more effort to do so with the Victor .
 At first this trap works well -- if you tape the lid shut so the mice ca n't just push it up and crawl out -- so if you only need to catch one or two stray mice and know there wo n't be more , it 's fine and economical . However , the metal is very soft and the mice inside can see where the top of the ramp meets the box and will scratch and scratch and pull at it . Eventually it bends enough they can get enough leverage to just pull it down and go back out the way they came in . Not that it is all the same mice I am talking about , because you would be emptying it , but eventually , they start getting back out . So for long term use in any situation where there is a constant supply of mice it is not a great pick . -LRB- 100 + year old farm house and every time we think we 've sealed everything we find another place they get in or they create another place like by chewing through window screen ! -RRB- The Tom Cat MultiCatch -LRB- not kill , catch -RRB- has been hard to find but works great and the plastic is surprisingly durable with the mice .
 There is new construction going on around me and so my yard is being overrun with mice and voles . I have been trapping them with the plastic snap traps but they seem cruel because they often do not kill them . The plastic traps often catch a foot or other part of the body and the critter walks away . I have found traps with as far as 50 feet away , sometimes with a mouse/vole still in it . I tried this trap because it seemed more humane but it has caught nothing . I have baited it and set it up in different ways and places but for naught . Worthless . I am now using the Snap-E Mouse Trap , great product .
 I have many mice in the garage and the attic and have yet to catch a mouse using this trap ... I have followed the instructions precisely and have not caught a thing in three weeks ... I refuse to use snap traps again , -LRB- even though they certainly work -RRB- , to inhumane ! Is there such a thing as the perfect mouse trap?A follow up to this review ... I started using this again once the weather got a bit a colder and I have since caught 15 of the little critters in 7 days !!!!
 Last year I bought the trap and used as bait the exact same food s/he had been nibbling in the pantry . I put the food towards the far end of the trap , so it would be harder to sneak in and out . I figured out how to set the thing , and secured it closed with a rubber band because the door seemed to open pretty easily.I set it down in the corner of the pantry shelves and waited . A few days went by . A week went by . Moved it to a different position . Tried different baits . More weeks went by . No mouse . The trap had been seemingly untouched . I 'm glad you other people had luck with this , because I did n't . -LRB- I give it two stars because I appreciate that it has plenty of ventilation . -RRB-
 Mice can eat and get out . Happened twice so far , I 'm not putting more food in there till I fix it -LRB- hard to reach metal parts -RRB- . There two entances in this `` mouse trap '' One looks better then the other with not much gap space .
 I put some peanut butter and a nice piece of smelly cheese in the trap . The result is lots of mouse droppings but no mice .
 We 've had this a year now . We 've tried different foods and located it in different places but regardless of what we have tried , the mice have avoided it . The mice went for the harder eats , like the covered trashcan and pet food containers.Pass on this one .
 Victor TIN CAT Live Mouse TrapVictor TIN CAT Live Mouse TrapI used this product for several weeks and all it caught was dust.The bait was never taken ; I believe the mice had a difficult time getting INTO the trap.I purchased three other types of live traps for mice and they have all caught some .
 I ordered two of these mousetraps in August of 2010 . I chose the product because it was very similar to another brand I purchased months before . That product caught mice , but was made of plastic and after emptying the trap three times -LRB- It caught five mice for me -RRB- the little buggers managed to chew enough damage to render it useless.Unfortunately this promising metal trap is unattractive to mice . After five months with it in the same location I 've only caught two mice . I started putting conventional baited spring traps in the same area and I have to empty them every day , so I know the expensive metal traps are n't doing the job .
 while my snap traps in my garage caught 10 mice this caught none . had some droppings inside however !!!! this was over about 6 weeks.jan 2012 -------------- this is an update ... . this unit is being used outside around the house ----------- caught about 4 after a few months , following the instructions . after loading it up with peanut buttrer , I had more success . now caught about 18 total . so not so bad . 3 stars perhaps .
 I have tried everything , but can not get the trap to work . I do n't know if maybe the entrances are too springy -LRB- it is a kind of ramp the walk on . -RRB- I am going back to inhumane traps . I have seen the mice walk around it and do nothing . Even with bait !
 I bought three of these traps . I tried using the trap without baiting it and that did not seem to work . I used a reese 's peanut butter cup and caught two mice in the trap but it says they can not get out and it holds 30 mice so I left the two mice and when I went back to see if I caught anymore the two mice had gotten out . I am trying the other two traps to see if they work any better . The cover did not open on the top so they had to have gotten out the tunnels .
 The slits/holes on the sides are big enough for the mice to slip through -LRB- 1/4 '' is plenty of room for them squeeze through -RRB- but the edges are sharp and I am afraid they will cut themselves trying to get out . I bought it as a catch and release trap because I just want to catch them , not harm them . I have n't used it yet for this reason .
 It 's no problem enticing mice into the Tin Cat with almost any kind of bait . The problem is they manage to escape through the entrance openings over 50 % on the time . Obviously mice are more clever than the technology on the device .
 Bought this one and did n't catch a thing for a week . My husband adjusted it slightly , and we have finally caught two mice . However , we bought a green plastic trap and have caught 7 with it . This works , but not as effectively as others .
 The basement of our apartment building was a mouse factory and they were coming up through unpluggable holes so I bought two of these Victor M310 TIN CAT live mouse traps . They worked great at first , but now the gates or doors do n't open and close properly and the mice run in and out . An expensive short-term solution .
 I bought this trap because of a very large rat and mouse problem we have . Live in the country . They were all over our front porch every night.Put this trap out along the wall , as directed , and even baited it with peanut butter . Nothing . Nada . Zip . For two weeks , we tried.Returned it to Amazon , which was great about it . Got a Havahart 1025 -LRB- for small squirrels and rats -RRB- and in two days have caught two large rats and eight small mice . Would have caught more if I 'd been around to empty the trap and reset it more often . Seems to catch one within an hour or so of setting . Same bait . I think rats and mice are pretty smart and wo n't enter something they ca n't see out of . Whatever the reason , this one did n't work at all and the other wo n't stop working . Hope I 'm almost out of mice and rats !
 I have used this product for approximately 3 weeks with various bait including items the mouse is eating out of my home already . The mouse clearly goes around the trap , as it 's dropping are even on top of the trap ! Unfortunately , the trap has n't worked at all despite the fact that the mouse has been all around it and even on top ! Not sure what I 'll do next , I do n't want to kill the mouse .
 I would never buy this trap again ! I thought I would be doing the humane thing and not kill one of God 's creatures , but the darn thing does n't catch even a stink bug ! Waste of Money !!!!
 the only thing this mouse trap can catch is mouse turds . so unless your doing some research on rodent turds i dont recommend you waste your time and money on this .
 Our Victor M310 TIN CAT Live Mouse Trap initially worked great . The first night we caught 2 mice . The next three nights we caught one each night . Then we did not catch anymore . Then we noticed fresh mouse droppings inside the trap with all the bait gone.It was working wonderfully , but now I am afraid that they either figured out how to get out , or there is something that is no longer working with the trap , such as the door .
 there is a small hole on each side of the unit with a metal ramp . When mouse enters the trap , the spring loaded ramp moves down and allows the mouse to enter the trap.The problem is the ramp does not close completely and I have had mice escape this unit very easily . The mice were smarter than the designer of this product ! Booooooo ! I would give this -10 stars if I could . Money wasted .
 We 've tried to catch several field mice in our house . I baited it with dog food , peanut butter and bread . The mice go right around it . Not worth a dime . I 'm getting some glue traps - hate to kill the mice but they need to go .
 This trap worked for 1 week , I caught lots of mice , at least one/night . But after about a week all I found was mouse droppings in the drop . They obviously figured out how to get in , eat the bait , and get back out . So the trap simply became a shiny silver mouse diner . I would n't suggest this trap .
 The Havahart people sent me one of these as a replacement for the Havahart cage-style mouse trap which was complete junk . This is well constructed , and easy to set , but the mice never went in . I think the little guys were too lightweight to make the little see-saw gates to open . I have caught many mice with the little green house called the Smart Mouse Trap .
 I purchased 3 of these from Amazon . They do work . So far , I have caught 2 moles in my yard and 1 in my neighbor 's using the surface technique . One of the traps though has a dangerous manufacturing flaw . The thinner piece of metal on the top of the trap where the trigger bar and safety clip are attached broke on the trap after setting it only twice . I have also observed that over time and constant use the paint wears off this piece and the metal rusts , further weakening it . I have contacted Victor about this problem but have not yet heard back from them . Thankfully Amazon has a very liberal and easy return policy on defective items . See pic of broken trap in customer images.I would have rated this higher but Victor has quality control issues they need to address . This is what happens when you outsource your manufacturing to other countries like China.For those having problems setting these traps , do n't follow the instructions on the box . See my pics in customer images on how to set these without having to use a vice or vice-grips .
 The trap is difficult to set . It requires a lot of physical exertion , and it is very awkward to set . The trigger mechanism goes from hard to spring to a hair trigger . Thumbs down on this one !
 I bought this at the same time I bought the Wire Tek `` EasySet '' Mole Trap here on Amazon , and after trying both products I have to say that the Victor `` Out O'Sight '' Mole Trap is not only 1 -RRB- much more difficult to operate but also 2 -RRB- less effective than the Wire-Tek one , not to mention 3 -RRB- tears up your yard more . With this Victor brand one you actually have to dig a hole by hand vs. with the Wire-Tek one all you do is push it in to the ground and step on it to set it , easy as pie . That one has caught 2 moles for me so far , the Victor trap has caught 0 moles . If it was n't such a hassle to ship stuff back , I 'd return this one and buy another Wire Tek brand mole trap . Do n't waste your time on this product here !
 Unless you have the strength of superman , it is impossible to set this trap.The jaws need to be pulled apart by using pry bars . I could not do it , and I am not a weak man . I did manage to set it once by using a vice , but even that took some doing because the pry rods would slip out of place.Just for kicks , I had a friend who is a martial arts expert specializing in grabbing things and holding on -LRB- yes there is such a specialty -RRB- . The normal adult male has a gripping strength of 80-100PSI . Dave J has a gripping strength of 350PSI . He struggled and struggled , thought he could do it , but I took it away from him before he hurt himself.The design is bad . The trap is almost impossible to set without using a vice.If I had ever gotten it in the ground it might have worked -LRB- it definitely would kill if tripped appropriately -RRB- but the thing is just too hard to set.PS I got on the victor customer support site and requested help . They sent me a pdf that was exactly the same as the diagram on the box ... no help . A second email to them has gone unanswered for 3 days.I shipped it back today
 Terrible product ! After 3 days of messing with it , I ca n't even get the thing to stay cocked . Watched the videos , read the excellent reviews , etc. . Still ca n't get the thing to stay cocked-just releases itself before you can even get to the safety latch . Never even got close to putting them in the ground-I bought 3 of them and now I get to pay the shipping back . By the time I box them up , take them to shipping just to get the remainder of my money back-might as well just throw them away and save the aggravation . Go for it if you feel lucky .
 After placing an order for items noted as in stock , not receiving any notification from the supplier of the order : - The estimated ship by date passed without any action - First Email to supplier went without acknowledgement - Second Email to supplier went without acknowledgement - Final date to expect the order passed - Email sent to cancel order with all info provided and no acknowledgement - Still awaiting the confirmation of the cancellation as of this writing.This could be isolated but was enough to prevent me from ever doing business with Northern Tool & Equipment in the futre.Ended up going with BIC Superstore and placed the order on a Monday and received the order on Thursday of the same week !!!! Life is good again unless I get caught in limbo with the apparent open order that caused all of this grief ...
 Live in Florida and bought 4 of these traps based on the reviews here . This trap seems rather large for the size moles we have here in Florida . The tunnels which I could find are no bigger than 1 inch . The soil is so sandy that the trigger gets covered up and the tunnels collapse when trying to set this trap . I did as suggested and leveled the fist size mounds to see where the active tunnels were which showed up the next day . Not one trap went off.As far as placing the trap with the trigger above the ground -LRB- as suggested by some reviewers here -RRB- this makes no sense as the tunnels are NOT RAISED and there is no way the trap will go off . The traps were placed with the trigger in the tunnel so the moles would go under it and trigger the trap.Anyone living in a hot sandy soil area who has found a trap that will work please post .
 Strong trap , but perhaps too strong . The spring bar bent under the spring 's weight very early . Afterwards it was impossible to set and would snap before it was even set in the ground . Eventually the jaw cracked in half at the top.Going to need to try something else .
 I tried using this product for about a year with no success . I 'm sure this works great in loamy lawns but I have plants , not grass , and live in suburban California , which means lots of clay ! It is extremely difficult to find mole runs except in winter when the rain softens the clay . For my particular situation , i 've found the Cinch mole traps to be extremely effective - they worked in a week . I did modify my method to try to match what other reviewers and youtube videos show , but if you do n't have a nice soft lawn , there are better tools to catch moles with .
 This was USELESS to me and a lot of others.Difficult to set and I had no results!There is a product called `` NoMol '' it 's what my EXTERMINATOR used.it 's CHEAP , EFFECTIVE , but hard to find.My EXTERMINATOR trapped 10 moles last year and I 've trapped 10 So Far this year!I have a lot invested in my Flower beds ! these `` Criiters '' were DESTROYING them.I 've tried everything from poison gummy worms to smoke bombs , Castor oil to castor beans.Gum , Bleach and contraptions like this that DO NOT WORK!Look at NoMOL on YouTUBE ... . it was the ONLY thing that worked for me!The proff was always right there in that trap .20 dead Moles ... . So Far !
 I 'm hesistant to give the product this low rating but it simply did not work for me . I tried on 3 separate occasions and actually saw the critter go past the trap and trigger it . Only thing I can figure is the trap is too large for my moles . I also followed the preferred method of setting these out . I plan to try again but the next time I 'm going to be prepared to take care of this critter with a pitch fork if I 'm lucky enough again for him to drive by while I 'm laying the trap out !
 I bought two of the traps last month . I tried to get them set and in the ground . I spent about an hour trying to get the trap set , but it would not stick . I have n't taken the time to try and get them to work since then b/c the Grubex I put down seems to have slowed down the mole activity in my yard.I 'll definately try to get them set again if the mole activity picks back up , but right now they are just collecting dust in my shed .
 I bought 2 of these traps and spent an hour trying to set one of them . I have decided the trigger mechanism must have been installed wrong when it was made . No way this thing will work . Sent them back . Will buy another type/brand . Save your money .
 no instructions provided . Trap would not open . when trying to set the trap , cut my finger . It appears that the device was not bent . not sure since no instructions
 Of all of the several mole traps I purchased recently , this is my least favorite . It is the hardest to set up and requires some significant digging . The spring is very strong and requires some strength . In fact I never did get it set .
 This device may work , but I have spent hours trying to set it with little success . I finally got a large set of channel locks , got the trap to set , and attached the safety pin . I set everything up for a few days with no results . When I wanted to move it to another location , it closed so I had to start the process all over again . As I said earlier , it may work but unless your superman you will have a difficult time setting this trap .
 We had mole tunnels throughout our lawn . We first tried the non-lethal castor/garlic oil water spray method -LRB- twice -RRB- . It did n't work . Then we tried laying two of the Victor Out of Sight Mole Trap out . That did n't work , either . Finally , my son spot movement in the lawn and he stomped on the tunnel . The mole was dead . It was small , only about 4 inches . But , it was amazing , that was the end of our problem . Our entire lawn - which is n't small - was destroyed by ONE tiny mole . Best advise , look for the movement of the mole in the late afternoon , than stomp on it or use a flat end of a large shovel . Moles have thin skulls so apparently they are easy to kill . One mole can do an incredible amount of damage .5 / 31/10 update : New season , new mole appears . Instead of using the mole trap , I tried a new approach -- kill his food source . One application of grub and insect killer and the mole is gone , probably to the neighbors yard . Everything I read on the internet suggest that you have to kill the mole but that has remained elusive except by luck . Getting rid of his food source though worked immediately . We never saw another tunnel after the grub and insect killer was applied over three weeks ago . We 'll see how long it lasts but this was much easier than trying -LRB- unsuccesfully -RRB- to trap the mole .
 Do n't waste your time buying this piece of junk . The instructions must have been done by a three year old and trap can not be set as shown . Customer service people do not even repond to my inquiries .
 I ca n't figure out how to load the trap . It comes with two metal levers which you 're to use to set the spring , this `` will require some strength '' ! I would sent it back but I beleive there is a 20 % restocking fee .
 This trap does the job , but nearly as well as others I have . THe trap is difficult to set and requires the use of special tools that come with the trap , but are not part of it . Even with the tools this trap is a pain to set compared to others . Once you get is set and placed on an active run it does the job . Another issue I have with this trap is that it 's design and color make it difficult to see from a disance and impossible to tell if it is sprung . You have to remeber where you put it and check it periodically . I recommend poking the tools into the ground next to the trap so you will know where they are .
 These are much more difficult to set and move than the other Victor spear-type models . When `` hunting '' moles , you must move the traps frequently and this Out of Sight version is cumbersome .
 It arrived on time with out any problems . The only problem is my sister -LRB- who purchased it -RRB- and her neighbor could not get it to work .
 I was fully intent on becoming a mole serial killer . I wanted the very mention of my name to strike fear in generation after generation of the little turds . But , to this point , the moles are having the last laugh . The trap has failed to catch a single tunnel builder.The `` trap '' has sprung once in the weeks I 've had it set . I could barely contain my excitement as I wrenched it from the tunnel , only to find that all it contained was a large clump of bermuda grass.My wife is belittling me for my purchase of this device . I promised my young neighbor I 'd bring her a mole , as she 's never seen one . Looking over the fence and repeatedly telling her , `` Not yet '' is getting embarrassing.It seems the moles are on to me . Each time I set the trap they alter their route -LRB- s -RRB- . As soon as I move the trap , they return to their old tunnel -LRB- s -RRB- . It 's becoming a game to both of us . I WILL WIN THIS GAME.I ai n't giving up . I trusted the glowing reviews of this device that I read . Yes , I have considered that the review was written by either the inventor of the trap ... or by an employee of the trapmaker 's company . But I will persevere . While my friends await the reportage of the first dead mole ; while my neighbor awaits her first ever eyeballing a mole ; and while my wife continues her laughing at my empty mole trophycase ... I continue the battle . I will not toss this `` trap '' into the pile of failed mole-stopping gear.I will report back when the first mole meets its demise .
 The Victor Out-o-sight mole trap does not work . I have been using three of them for about a month now and they do not work . The moles just dig around them . I followed all of the directions from this guy Jon in Oregon and have not caught one mole . Nothing catches moles . They are creatures from hell . Pardon me . But that is just the way it seems . I believe that this guy Jon from Oregon is nothing more than a pitch-man for these traps . It is NOT the fault of Amazon . They did their job . But the traps do not . Do n't buy these traps .
 I found it was difficault to set , and not easy to position in the very sandy soil of Florida .
 Could never set it . Two strong men needed tools to even spread the jaws , & we could n't manage to make it stay set . Sitting in a corner gathering dust while the moles are tearing up my yard !
 I can open the trap -LRB- it takes strength -RRB- but I can not set the safety.The safety seems to be short.Therefore I have not been able to use it.I was disapointed .
 I bought 5 of these traps hoping to rid myself of the moles in my yard . First off , they are difficult to set . It requires some strength in order to set the trap . So far , the moles simply seem to avoid the trap . One was triggered but the mole avoided the trap somehow . I have n't caught a thing ; I 'd try a different trap next time .
 I ordered 2 of these traps in the spring . The mole runs tend to show up only in the late summer/fall where I live , and I finally opened them up to use them . One of the traps did not have a trigger pan , so it is useless . I have just set the other one , but would sure like to get the other one replaced , but it would appear that due to the passage of time , I am no longer able to get a refund/replacement for the defective on .
 I do n't know who could assemble this mole trap but it would take a strong hand and a persistent helper.If we could put it together and we did catch a mole , I guess it would mean going through the process all over again.We sent it back .
 Have used the trap for a month carefully following directions . Have tried a new location every few days . Have not caught a single mole . Meanwhile , the yard fills with more and more tunnels . Do n't expect success and you wo n't be disappointed .
 very hard to set , you could loose fingers if your not careful . triggering mechanism is hard to set and make it stay and takes way too much pressure to spring the trap . placed as instructed , moles just tunnel around it.you have to disturb the ground too much to be able to set it . was excited about getting them , but very disappointed in results.have not caught a single mole and they continue to make swiss cheese out of my yard .
 I had three of these units placed throughout a 600 square foot apartment -LRB- ground floor -RRB- . Unfortunately , I had to squish a spider , silverfish , or unidentified bug almost every other day -LRB- in the summer -RRB- . Sometimes , I fould find a bug just hanging out directly under the pest repeller ! I did not notice a decrease in bugs at all.I ca n't say if this product repels mice or not . I never saw a mouse in my apartment before or after I started using the repellers .
 I bought several of these , primarily to deal with a large population of spiders in my finished basement . Unfortunately , they did n't seem to have any noticeable effect . In fact , I saw one spider set up a new home and spun a web for itself just 3 feet from one unit in operation . After 3 months of continuous use , they just did n't seem to have any impact . Overall , a disappointment .
 I was extremely disappointed in this product . We bought a couple of these in hopes of solving our insect problems . We had ants coming in through an outlet in the kitchen and brown recluse spiders coming down from our attic . I put one in the kitchen outlet , and the ants just kept coming in ! They were even crawling on it ! I put the other one in the hallway , and still I found couple of spiders in the bedrooms . Do n't waste your money on this and other like products to get rid of insects . We ended up hiring an exterminator .
 The latching mechanism is cheaply constructed . When the trap is set , it only takes a small vibration to trigger the dropping of the door . I have used traps before that have a spring loaded door that easily opens and closes . With the Havahart 1079 , you have to slide a small clip into a notch and hope it stays . I would not recommend this item to anyone .
 I was using this to catch raccoons in the garden . The first 3 or 4 nights , they triggered the trap and flipped it over . The bait was all gone . After doing some reading , I put a cement block on top of the cage and one on each side toward the back , then another against the back of the cage . The trap worked fine from then on . I caught a coon each of the next two nights . You do have to be careful about getting the bait back toward the far end of the cage . I used a piece of lunch meat .
 Purchased this in the hopes of capturing a woodchuck which is wreaking havoc in my flower beds . While the trap appears to be well constructed , it has proven totally ineffective . In the past 2 weeks I have tried broccoli spears , marshmallows , lettuce and finally cantaloupe as recommended by Havahart . Nothing has worked . At one point the woodchuck sat up and rested his paws on the trap & sauntered away . A complete waste of money !
 I ordered the 1079 and so far set it three times with apples ; canalop ; and honeydew melon . I put the bait in the back of the trap as instructed , but each time the bait was gone and no groundhog inside . I do n't know why and do n't have a video camera to record to see what is happening . But so far I am far from satisfied .
 The trap does not work . The raccoon steps right over the trigger mechanism , grabs the food , then leaves the trap . I have watched him do this two nights in a row now . Buy a different trap .
 This trap is sturdy for large raccoons , opossoms IF the trap mechanism is working correctly that day . A former rater commented that he had to bend the wire . That 's where the problem is .
 I 've been using this type of trap for 4 years and got news for everyone - it does not work all the way . Since the animal gets trapped in the middle of the night it has plenty of time to get out . The wire U-loop reinforcing the trap door simply bends and the animal of opossum size gets out by the morning . It was very frustrating 3 times in a row - it traps the animal but ca n't keep it inside.So I added the trap door switch with the buzzer left inside the house - worked right away ! 4 AM in the morning the opossium was inside ! Still needed to put the metal bar to fix the trap door so it does not escape.This night the buzzer went off but the animal escaped since the hook on the top of the cage no longer catch the U-loop - the trap is getting old , time to waste more money on another one .
 A few days after receiving the trap , I trapped the first groundhog and released it about a mile away . A week later I trapped a second groundhog that looked suspiciously like the first . This one I released in a field 10 miles away and I have n't had any critters raiding my garden since.The bait for both was cat food . I also trapped a cat.The mechanism for relasing the trapped animal is a little cumbersome . I would be very careful releasing an animal like a racoon.I meant to give this product a 5 star rating but for some reason I ca n't change the 1 star rating .
 Poorly designed . After setting the trap , the plate trigger does n't pull the trap door shut when applying pressure on the plate .
 This listing is unlikely to sell many traps , since it does not show the size of the trap or the species of animal it is intended to catch !
 This product is useless ! The lock does n't spring shut all the way . It fails most of the time . DONT BUY THIS !!!
 This is a very poorly built coon trap . The handle should be more heavy duty . A large coon is hard to carry any distance . But the thing that is the worst is the distance between the wire . A coon can reach his paw thru the wire some 6 to 8 inches . Do n't say you should wear gloves because I do . Bottom line , I would not purchase another one . Thanks Ray ...
 I had a great problem with ground hogs eating my garden . This product did not catch a single one , but one I bought at Ace Hardware for half the price caught eight ground hogs , three opossums , and a skunk . This product does not work ! I have been catching them for years and taking them out into the &#34; boonies &#34; and releasing them in the woods away from gardens . This product did not catch anything .
 I have had a racoon problem for years . I decided to buy a cage and chose this model . I received it yesterday and took it out of the box last night about 9:00 pm . This morning I found a juvenile racoon in there . He had somehow removed the handle -LRB- pictures of destruction are on description -RRB- , though there is a guard around it . He had also bent some of the wires on the cage . Needless to say I am returning it . This is extremely cheaply made.PETA people
 This trap is difficult to open to release the animal . It requires one hand to be too close to the opening , thus endangering the operator .
 The trap worked well . Caught a racoon within 3 hours of setting it out , that was about midnight . By the time we were able to check out the trap the next morning , the racoon had destroyed the flimsy trip mechanism . So for a single use trap , it was great . Awfully expensive for that one use .
 I bought this trying to catch an armadillo however due to the construction , the armadillo was able to escape . I like that it was easy to set up , but I will try the non-collpasible version to see if it fares any better .
 This newer version of the 1079 is a very cheapened-down and dangerous version of the original 1079 . Instead of being a heavy-duty bent-wire-fabric cage like before , this one has panels which are attached loosely at every seam , making it very unstable and causing it to rattle . Also , the former heavy-weight piece of metal for the door previously had no holes in it and had a heavy duty hinge . Now the door is very lightweight , has slots in it , and only has pressed metal hinges . Perhaps most importantly , the door no longer fits flush left and right in the doorway opening ; there 's 3/4 '' gap on each side . This -LRB- plus the lightweight door and the lack of a visual barrier because of the slots in the door -RRB- will cause a trapped animal to drive itself repeatedly against what it perceives as a way out , slightly lifting the bottom of the lightweight door just enough to trap its head and decapitate itself . This is supposed to be a `` live '' trap , not a torture chamber for animals .
 This product is useless . The trigger arm is not adequate . Racoons can come and go as they please . Even when the trigger arm does engagethe trap is not built well enough to keep them in . Worst Forty dollars I ever spent .
 Even though I 've baiyed my havahart squirrel trap with temptimh peanut butter , no squirrels will attempt going in . Mice and chipmunks will muve through the large openings on the cage and eat the peanut butter and defeat my purpose . It 's a crappy trap that does n't work.Phil
 This trap is not as good as the Victor Black Box trap and it is much harder to set the trap . It really never caught any gophers . We regret puchasing this item .
 OK ... so I wrote my review too early . Since the initial ` capture ' , I have bagged a couple more of the furry garden terrorists . Unfortunately , their relatives continue to excavate in and around my garden . The problem
 I am outside with product open and there is absolutely nothing here to show me how to use this . Now I must go inside , search online , print or make notes to have something with me as I use this product . Why not one printed sheet to use at worksite ? No value here -- I 'm losing half an hour .
 Mine did not work well at all . As another person said , the gopher can push a set trap out of tunnel and not spring the trap because the trigger is not sensative enough . I recommend Maccabee traps . They cost a little more , but I have had a lot better luck . I do n't even waste my time setting the easy set traps . Avoid !
 This trap is very poor quality . Lock bar was too weak to engage or set trap . I threw it away because it was useless .
 It 's called easy set but there were no instructions included . Doing this wrong looks like broken finger 's . Instruction 's pleaseVictor 0610 Easy Set Gopher Trap
 This is a poor excuse for a gopher trap . I have lots of gophers and have used other traps . I recently bought 8 -LRB- four sets -RRB- of these traps . They are ill designed . The gophers are able to trip them without getting caught and have even managed to push the set trap out of the hole . The problem is the sweep of the pincers is too wide and the mechanism too easily clogged with sand or dirt . Do n't bother with these traps .
 Repeating
 I took the advice of the review above and bought the Char-Broil 68 '' -LRB- grey -RRB- cover from Lowe 's for $ 14.99 It fits my brand new Weber Genesis Gold B like a glove -LRB- very snug due to velcro straps on bottom ends -RRB- . Interior is fully lined which protects the beautiful stainless steel and the exterior is made of heavy vinyl . To pay $ 55 for a cover simply because it says Weber is foolish . This is a much better option . Spend the money you save on some steaks and wine .
 Alright , I bit the bullet and shelled out the $ 50 after cheap covers lasting a year at best ... boy , wish I would 've read the reviews first . Sure , it 's a nice heavy well-fitting cover , but the vent holes are brutal . Rain goes right in and soaks the thing , which is the primary element I 'd like to protect from . Guess I do n't understand this at all . The only way water got in my old cover was when it got cracks , so I 'm not sure why this needs vents to allow water to evaporate -LRB- unless it 's for putting on hot , which is silly too ... let the thing cool ! -RRB- . Anyway , would 've been a 5-star , but gets a 1 for the completely ridiculous design flaw .
 The cover has a mesh strip in the front and back . I 'm not sure what they are for but if your grill sits out in the open , the mesh allows water , dust and whatever to get inside the cover . One of the reasons I bought the Genesis Gold B was because of the enclosed area under the grill . The first rain came right thru the mesh and everything inside the enclosed area was soaked . The same thing with dust . I 'm trying duct tape over the mesh areas . If this will not work , it will be new cover time ! Very dissapointed with the cover but the grill is great !
 This $ 50 gas grill cover has a major design flaw . It has an open ` hole ' along the top that lets rain through , which causes the grill to get soaked every time it rains -LRB- which defeats the purpose of the cover -RRB- . I returned this one , and bought a less expensive one for $ 12 in a local department store that is * MUCH * better .
 I have had six of these units in a very small house for over a year . The mice are merrily chewing their way up through the floor from under the house trying to get INTO the house . I have suffered more rodent damage AFTER buying these units than before I had them . I have rotated them as suggested by Weitech . I keep hoping that I will not have to resort to poison . I still have to buy roach bait for the huge water roaches . So , this product does n't even work on bugs . The units came in a package of three . One unit in each pack has a nightlight . That is the most useful part of these devices . A mouse just skittered across the floor -- in broad daylight . This room is 8 X 8 and has a Weitech unit plugged in as I write this . Shame on you Weitech !
 I bought 2 units of this Mouse Repeller , but it did n't make any difference at all.We still had a lot of activity going on . The best thing is to use all conventional means available to get them out of your house .
 ordered the stainless flavorizer bars for a Genisis-1000 which is supposed to be 13 bars , what i received were 5 porcelain bars for a completely different model .
 I was furious to find that while I ordered Weber Model # 9857 -LRB- which the Amazon description stated that `` The Manufacturer states it fits Weber Genesis Gold B # 9957 -RRB- , A compatible Weber model # 7551 was sent , which does not fit my grill at all . To me , this is false advertising , and now I am left with the headache of having to return -LRB- and not to Amazon , but to `` Polstein Home & Beyond '' , who was the merchant who provided Amazon with the item -RRB- . Be careful before purchasing if your grill is not listed directly in the title !
 This grill cover has a long mesh vent on the front/top panel . The venting is supposed to let trapped moisture out , but the vent is what lets the moisture in in the first place . When it rains , water comes right in through the mesh and gets trapped under the cover where it stays for days . On the positive side , the cover fits well and keeps the dirt off .
 I purchased the Weber 9857 Premium Gas Grill Cover that fits Genesis Silver B , Genesis 1000 , Spirit 700 and Weber 900 on 8/11/06 for my new Weber Silver B . When it arrived I was shocked to see a fine mesh covered opening that is aprox 2 '' high and runs the full length of the grill on the front and back and is just above the handle and also the bottom of the lid . Guess what happens when it rains ? Yep , does n't take a rocket scientist to figure it out , water pours in under the lid and into the burners and storage space at the bottom.I went out last night to grill some steaks -LRB- it had rained 24 hr 's earlier -RRB- and it took 15 - 20 minutes on high to dry out the rear burner and everything I had stored in the bottom was soaked and a few cast iron items had rusted.I e-mailed this problem to the attention of Weber 's support last night and they side stepped and danced around the matter , stated that their engineers put these vents in to protect the grill from condensation , gimmie a break . They also stated that it should n't happen as described but offered me no solution and appear to have dropped the matter.I 'm guessing they have had more complaints and know there is a problem and are exhausting their supplies -LRB- to us dummies that will buy them -RRB- and will come out with a new cover when supplies run out . JRMPS , I have only used this product on a Silver B , it may work fine on the other listed grills
 This product is overpriced for shoddy quality of workmanship . There are several generic type covers that are half the price , have better material and workmanship .
 I paid for fast shipping and was shown on the order that this would be delivered by 12/15 . It arrived 4 days late on the 19th . I have been waiting over 24 hours for a response from ACEHardware regarding a refund of the additional shipping fee .
 This cover fits too snug , and shrinks with time . It has become a chore to cover and uncover our grill , and the rear corner seams have torn . Plus it wo n't fit at all with the tool rack attached , which itself is not particularly easy to install and remove .
 I am surprised at the number of people that like this cover . I have had many grills and covers and have always wanted to cover my grills to protect them from the rain and snow . I bought this cover knowing it was too expensive , but liked the fit and quality . I was amazed to see the mesh band on front and back . It rained the day after I first used it and sure enough the grill was wet and the water had run into the storage area also . I had to wipe it dry . I then returned it . A cover that lets in the rain ??? That 's not quality !
 Definitely NOT a premium gas grill cover . I 've searched high and low for a quality Weber grill cover -LRB- like the one that came with the grill -RRB- . I am now convinced that Weber no longer makes them . This expensive cover is no different than the Weber cover I purchased at a local hardware store and I paid about $ 40 for that one ! Skip this one ; I 'm trying a totally different store that specializes in quality , heavy-duty materials .
 Absolutely horrible . Assembly is easy until you try to get the guard on and then good luck . Cutting area is next to nothing and the spool lock will not stay in place . It is already unusable after just 30 minutes because it came unlocked for the 15th time , shot off the spool and shot out the spring to lands unknown . Construction is shoddy and overall I 'm VERY disappointed in my purchase . It is light and easy to maneuver but this is pointless if you cant even cut the grass . Great paperweight however , you could hold down 5 or 6 stacks .
 this does n't fit my 54 '' BBQ grill -LRB- says up to 55 '' -RRB- . Not univeral .
 I got a two-pack of these from the local hardware store and I have to say that they are terrible.One of them will not close because of the poor-quality construction . The other one has been tripped at least twice , but the mice have escaped with the bait.Don ' t waste your time with these .
 Save your money . Mouse would set it off before it could get inside to get the bait . Very disappointed !
 I bought several of these traps . After years of using poison and finding decomposing mice bodies in various places . I decided to try these . These traps did catch mice . Although within 20 minutes the mouse had chewed through the plastic . If you have the time and patience to sit and watch . Go for it . Otherwise a big waste of a few dollars . I am back to the old basic spring trap . Live and Learn !!!
 These flimsy traps just do n't seem to work . They 've got a balance mechanism that is supposed to drop the trap door once the mouse enters . But , it 's poorly designed and as a result , the door just drops on it 's own most of the them .
 I got this mouse trap at a local hardware store , before I had a chance to read user reviews . It turned out a complete waste of time and money . I 've carefully read the instructions , and set the trap correctly -LRB- door side down on the pivot -RRB- . Here are the results : Attempt 1 & 2bait
 Had two in place for months and never caught a mouse in either . During the same time three other types of traps did catch mice . The Smart Mouse Trap has been the most effective .
 Do not buy this trap . If you feel like throwing your money away - just send me the -LSB- ... -RSB- , please . The trap is so small a baby mouse would have trouble getting in there without freaking out . Our mice went in and out of this thing with ease because they could just back up once they got the treat.This product should n't be legal to sell it 's so awful .
 Why Opt for Non-lethal Methods of Rodent Control?Traditional methods of rodent control , including rodenticides and traps , are lethal to mice and largely unsafe for humans . Rodenticides are pesticides that are designed to kill rodents . However , when ingested , they can also prove deadly to companion animals , as well as other wildlife and even children . Nor are they good for the environment ; Americans are so fond of pesticides that they can now be found in our surface and ground water and soil . In fact , pesticides even find their way into the food chain ! Moreover , the cumulative toxicity of pesticides is such a concern that the Environmental Protection Agency discourages homeowners from using pesticides before trying preventative strategies.Lethal traps , while not harmful to humans , prove to be a torturous , barbaric death for those mice unlucky enough to find themselves caught in one . Mice trapped on `` glue boards '' usually starve to death - or may actually gnaw off a limb in order to escape . Likewise , those mice caught in `` box '' or `` multiple '' traps will suffer a slow death due to starvation - assuming that the trap is n't baited with poisons , of course . `` Snap '' or `` spring '' traps do n't necessarily provide for a quick death and may merely injure Mickey.Three cheers for you ! ... Instead of relying on lethal , inhumane methods to control your rodent infestation , you 've decided instead to try out a live catch mouse trap . You rock ! ... but one star for the Victor Live Catch Mouse Trap.The Victor Live Catch Mouse Traps are one of the least expensive models out there - and it shows . Simply put , they 're more trouble than they 're worth
 I 've had mixed luck with these traps . In a previous house , they worked every time and I was able to get rid of 3 or 4 mice over the course of a year . My latest attempts have been less successful -LRB- maybe I have smarter mice ? -RRB- It seems to be down to inconsistent manufacturing quality . A number of the traps need a little bending of the plastic in order for the doors to snap all the way closed - the friction created by the locking mechanism is enough to prevent the door from dropping completely . Others close fine , but also open rather easily . I found them tripped , closed and cleaned out of food . I 'd say about 1 out of 6 that I owned worked well and the rest just worked as dinner trays for the mice .
 We live in what most people would consider the wilderness , on a mountain top in the giant redwood forests of the California coastal range . So we are surrounded by thousands of animals including many rodents - mice , voles , rats , gophers , moles , squirrels , chipmunks , ... For some reason , mice decided to take up residence in one of our vehicles.I tried setting up these traps on the floor of the backseat every night for a week . This is where we 've found an entire box of Kleenex shredded and scattered across the floor plus the typical mouse droppings . For bait I used what I know is a sure thing in terms of luring rodents - a tasty ball of sunflower seeds and peanut butter . Almost anything will set these traps off - they are very sensitive . But every night , not only did the mice not trigger the traps , they managed to get the sunflower seed/peanut butter ball out of the traps and almost mockingly left all the sunflower seed husks on the floor around the mousetraps.Obviously our mice are far too smart for these mouse traps , which means they must be smarter than me , because I was dumb enough to buy them < lol > . Best thing about this trap is how cheap it is - I bought mine at the local hardware store for $ 3 for the pair of traps . It appears one of the most critical factors to these traps working is having a perfectly flat , hard surface to lay them on . But even when I put them on a tray on the carpeted car floor , they still did n't work . So on to another live trap that others have had better luck with.I recommend spending a bit more money for something that is more likely to work.I also need to find something to deal with the squirrels who have decided that the top of the car battery under my hood is a good picnic spot to munch on some tasty acorns . I am constantly finding acorn shells on top of my battery . I wish I could find a single live trap that would work for both size of critter . The joys of mountain living : -RRB-
 I bought a pack of two of these and baited them . The mouse was able to get all the bait out of one of the traps without getting caught . The other trap had its door shut with no mouse inside . I understand the principle at work here , and how the trap ought to work - but either our mice are too smart for these things , or it 's just a lousy design . The live-catch mouse traps we 've had great success with are the simple rectangular ones , which are see-through amber plastic and have a little door which only opens one way . Only trouble is , my husband kept stepping on them so we have to buy more . Argh !
 I got this since it 's the only live option at the local hardware store . After weeks of trying with various types of bait , using this trap has been a useless endeavor . The mouse even pooped in front of the trap to show its disdain ! The trap is hard to set because it goes off at the slightest vibration -LRB- terrible for the kitchen drawer I need it in ; I was late for work this morning trying to set it up correctly ! -RRB- .
 I 'm honestly sitting here , watching a mouse stick his head in the trap , retrieve the bait -LRB- peanut butter -RRB- , and come out to enjoy his snack . The only way I could see this working would be if you were to put the bait on the very back wall , which would be difficult to do because there is only one door on the trap . Anything closer than the back wall , and the mouse can get to the food . I guess I 'll have to take a trip to the hardware store . Again .
 These are little torture chambers for the mouse . Who has time to check them every few hours ? Checking requires resetting the trap .
 Previous tenant in my place set these up to catch mice when my building had a problem over the summer . I found 2 mice that completely bypassed the trap that was set for them and died elsewhere in my apartment or in the walls . Try another product .
 I bought this trap because I did n't want to have to kill my uninvited house guest . However , my mouse friend apparently ate the cracker and peanut butter and then left to cause mischief in my room , like chewing up my papers . So the only thing that the trap accomplished was feeding him . Would not recommend .
 You 've got ta ' be smarter than the mouse -- not only did the mouse get the bait out of these traps , open them up and escape with little difficulty , but he did it 3 times and MOVED the traps to where he wanted them !!!! Victor needs to go back to the drawing board and do some REAL testing on these traps -- DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.After the 3rd time , I bought a JT Eaton `` Repeater Multiple Catch , Mouse Trap '' -LRB- no kill -RRB- and caught two mice in four hours time !!!!
 Do n't buy this trap . Waste of money . Bought 8 traps . Caught 1 mouse.The traps are very hard to set correctly . It was very difficult keeping the door open after I put peanut butter on the rear wall . Alot of work . All this was with brand new traps right out the box . Supposed to be reusable if they work . Spend the extra money and get something that is reliable .
 Out of 6 attempt to catch a mouse with various techniques and baits , zero were successful . This is no trap , it a joke .
 I 've had a bunch of these and caught quite a few mice with them , so they do work and they are cheap . However I am now going to buy something more expensive . These traps are very small , with tiny air holes , and mice are nearly dead after a few hours in them . If you are going to check the traps every hour or so and transfer the mice out quickly , they will work , but otherwise they kind of defeat the purpose of having a `` humane '' trap .
 ok , I purchased this trap at my local ace hardware store , tried 3 times with peanut butter and each time I come back the door is shut and no mouse inside ??? read the directions 5 times ? ... I must have a very smart mouse ;-RRB- GOOD LUCK
 I 've used a couple of these over the past several days , one baited with some peanut butter , the other with some cheese . There are new mouse droppings right in front of them , but no capture.Once I found one with the door shut , but no mouse inside.I had also tried these same traps over a year ago and they did n't work then either , but there are now mice droppings all over my kitchen counter , so I brought them out to try again.They 've never captured a mouse . I 'm doing research now on other traps .
 They do n't work . I 've had 14 for weeks and have n't caught a single mouse . The traps shut on their own , so the mice ca n't even get inside . Seriously , this was a big waste of money .
 I did n't want to poison or snap the necks of the family of mice that moved in with us this fall . We have small dogs so I was worried about them getting hurt by the kill type traps and I 've seen mice stuck to the sticky traps before -LRB- it is n't pretty -RRB- . I bought these at a local hardware store along with a few other no-kill type traps . These traps the mice were able to get the bait out of every time without getting caught . 1 out of every box of two did n't seem to work correctly -LRB- the trap door would n't lock when it snapped shut -RRB- . In short do n't waist your money on this . I 'm now trying the longer tip type traps that they sell -LRB- as I 've heard from friends that they do in fact work -RRB- .
 I purchased several of these after discovering uninvited guests in the Winter . They worked OK for young mice but the larger mice seemed to escape from the trap . Tried a Tomcat Live Catch Mouse Trap and saw better results right away . . and continued to see them !
 I want to return them since I received them late . I worte the retun request until now -LRB- 5 days -RRB- nobody give me answer .
 30 gal 's of water @ 7.5 per gal 225 lbs . my be I need to fill it with LEAD
 I bought a grass catcher for my Toro lawn tractor , made by the Arnold Corporation . Model : OEM-190-602 . Today , i tried to install it ! First off , the framework was bent , where the liftable hood is screwed on ! After much pulling in the bench vise , i finally got it to close ! After that , i tried installing the tube and collector thing that goes on the deck ! The rubber bungees were too long ! Then the bungees that hold the tube parts together were too long ! And the tube was too long ! And the name was wrong
 MTD Yard tractor , model 13AJ771G031 , sold by Tractor Supply as `` Huskee Model LT4200 '' . MTD Twin Rear Bagger Model No . OEM-190-180A . The discharge chute continually disconnects from the mower deck . In addition frequently have the discharge chutes seperate . Have been able to mitigate somewhat the behavior by attaching a bungee cord between the discharge chute and seat . This applies a low amount of pressure on the chute back towards the tractor . Would not recommend this combination .
 This system is a nightmare all the way around because it is designed so it is tilted downward from the MTD 400 frame so the bags drag on the ground and neither I nor any of the servicemen I 've consulted can do anything about it.Because they drag , the bags wear through around the edges in about a month 's time , and because they drag duct tape is not the answer.Fortunately , even with holes in them and after the dump handles break off , because they drag on the ground , you can with care continue to catch the grass and empty it for about a season . If you buy replacement bags from the dealer they cost about $ 75 a pair and you have to mount them on the frames . Wholesale on the Internet you can get a pair for about $ 27-35 . This tractor is n't made any more and when something other than routine maintenance comes up the dealers just shrug and roll their eyes . The deck takes four hours to remove if you know what you 're doing . Now that transmission parts are wearing out , and you ca n't get them it is good to reconsider if you are considering buying one of these machines used.If you are really determined however , I can make you such a deal ...
 I too have not had great success with this product . Cracks developed after a short time and progressed rapidly to the base . Will look for another in a stronger material .
 The tub cracked within 10 minutes of using it . I contacted the company , they replaced the tub and the replacement did the same . BUYER BEWARE !!!!
 I bought this cart for yard work -LRB- maintaining 1 acre of lawn , beds , and woods -RRB- and I liked that it was more stable than a wheelbarrow and could potentially leave a hand free while pushing or pulling it . It is also lighter.It came quick , assembled easily , and has worked OK for its intended purpose for three months . However , the curled-over front rim has cracked and broken off on one side and cracked on the other . The cracks are spreading both along the rim and down into the bucket . It will shortly become unusable . It looks like the bucket is made from a polymer/fiber composite , probably for low weight and high strength , but it has no toughness . I do n't think that three months is a sufficient life for this product in the light duty that I have given it . I have seen plastic wheelbarrows last much longer.I have contacted the manufacturer for a replacement . Agri-fab 's warranty policy is onerous , roughly `` write us , maybe we 'll send you an address to send the item back , when we get it we 'll see . '' It 's now 22 days since I wrote them -LRB- with photographs -RRB- , and I 've had no response . Even if they do replace it , if the material is the same as before I expect the same durability problem with the replacement.Update
 We , too , found the cart to be very useful . But , it only lasted about 3 months , also . The body cracked , split , and then a piece fell out of the lip 's corner . It has been held together with duct tape while we have searched for a replacement tray , but have not been able to locate one that did n't cost as much as the original cart when you add shipping to it . It was great for the first 3 months , but we will look for another material in the next cart that will hold up . We did n't abuse this item at all ... used it for minor yard work and toting groceries from the garage to the house . Great concept , but poor material !
 I bought this cart for yard work -LRB- maintaining 1 acre of lawn , beds , and woods -RRB- and I liked that it was more stable than a wheelbarrow and could potentially leave a hand free while pushing or pulling it . It is also lighter.It came quick , assembled easily , and has worked great for its intended purpose for three months . However , the curled-over front rim has cracked and broken off on one side and cracked on the other . The cracks are spreading both along the rim and down into the bucket . It will shortly become unusable . It looks like the bucket is made from a polymer/fiber composite , probably for low weight and high strength , but it has no toughness . I do n't think that three months is a sufficient life for this product in the light duty that I have given it . I have seen plastic wheelbarrows last much longer.I will contact the manufacturer for a replacement . However , if the material is the same as before I expect the same durability problem.Update
 These traps are NOT like the ones we are used too . Use them once and after the mouse is caught the trap is no good , it will NOT lock in place for a reload . The old version of this traps could be used over and over .
 We bought 4 of those kind of traps and I saw with my own eyes the mouse walking over it!We had to trash them away and buy a glue kind of trap
 Our regular Victor spring mousetraps are great , but my husband has to set them . So I thought I 'd try these so I could help him out . -LRB- We seem to have been invaded ... caught 38 mice so far in an area off our kitchen in the last 10 days that 's smaller than the inside of my Camry ! We have n't even started elsewhere : - -RRB- Even when these dumb traps are triggered , they do n't catch anything ! I have tried placing the bait in all sorts of positions ... on the trigger , under the trigger , on the inside top of the trap , behind the trigger , even all of those places at once -LRB- which was the only time the darned thing even got triggered . -RRB- These are useless . I am soooo disappointed .
 Yes , these are way easier to open . I have a near phobia about things that snap . . especially mouse traps . I can not , physically it is impossible for me to open an old board/metal mouse trap . I know , weird , but it just freaks me out ! So , I got these and was so excited ! We keep our dog food in the garage and pet food draws mice . Every spring/fall we get them in the food or the garage itself . So I tried these traps . Lots of them . I go for total overkill -LRB- pun intended -RRB- when it comes to killing anything lower than my ankles ! Well , these do NOT kill anything . They spent weeks with nothing in them . But the old mouse traps -LRB- my hubby sets them -RRB- had about one every few days . He just reset his and laughed at my ` old lady ' traps . Sigh . I know these look great , and they are super easy to use , but they will not kill anything . I have now read the other reviews and have no idea how anyone could give these a positive review . Also , the thought of having a LIVE mouse to deal with ? What a gross , awful , torturous hassle . No thanks . Hope this helps !
 This trap can actually catch mice , but if they are n't small , will only injure them . It also leaves a wiggling tempting snack for other animals to eat , who then take the mouse AND trap to locations unknown . Trap is not selective and will kill or injure anything that trips it . The most selective and humane way to trap is to use a Havahart trap , then euthanize only the problem animals with ether -LRB- found as `` starting fluid '' in automotive stores -RRB- . Ether is a potent anesthetic which was used on humans in early medical procedures . It 's also extremely flammable so take great care .
 This Trap is cheaply made . fell apart and had to figure out how to put back together . It was not the same as pictured . The V was not Red .
 Bought this at Ace Hareware for 6 bucks . Liked the idea of not having to touch anything , just push the taps together and it sets . No it does n't . Have to get your finger inside to set the trap . Directions say put peanut butter under the hood of the trap . Did so and mouse ate it off . Should have gone with the old style metal one . Two for 2 bucks .
 As other 's have said , this trap is worthless . I set a dozen of them . The mice cleaned out all of the bait without springing one trap . Save your money and get the basic wood and metal traps . They are harder to set , but work much better .
 I bought 2 of these mouse traps because i thought they would last longer then the old style wood kind . As i was testing one of them out it just broke , just like that ! Brand new , never used before . So i got the second one and it broke as well . This product is durable on the outside , but the inside is very cheap with real thin metal that will bend very easy .
 These looked so nifty ! Especially as someone who 's always afraid of getting snapped by the dumb traps , or the gross idea of emptying one ! We bought two of these and put them in an area of the garage where we knew a mouse lived.He was very happy for the peanut butter treats , but those traps sat empty for 3 days , even though the missing bait proved that our mouse visited both traps frequently . We finally gave up and I let my kids set them off for fun . Armed with plastic forks they lightly tapped the triggers . Nothing . They whacked the triggers with the plastic fork handles . Nothing . Finally they pressed down on the forks hard enough to cause them to bend , and the traps finally went off.I 'm not sure what kind of mutant mice these traps were designed to catch , but if it 's big and strong enough to set off this trap then it 's too big and strong for a mouse trap to kill .
 Got the two pack , set peanut butter on the ceiling of the inside of the trap as recommended . Mouse got it all without setting it off . Next day , reset the traps with the PB on the middle metal prong that sets off the trap . Again , mouse got it all without setting off . Third day , I reset the trap with the PB deep inside the trap on the top of back rail that holds the metal prong out , so mouse would have to press weight on the prong to get PB . I heard a snap , and that finally worked.Or so I thought . To my horror the mouse was still plenty alive and kicking , with it 's head caught in the trap . It was actually flipping around for over five minutes so I had to use my own method to put it out of it 's misery . What I had to do was not a desirable way to get rid of this mouse . Three days later and it still did n't do it 's job.Definitely do not buy this trap .
 Woundeful mouse feeder ! Dont waste your money . Mouses in my apartment very intelegent , never get in trap , but allways eat all peanut butter ...
 Shoddy design and construction . They would n't set right out of the package and fell apart within seconds of me trying to fix them . Do not buy these .
 They work when they work , but are likely to trip when placed on the floor . I have several of these and they often require setting and resetting several times before they stay set , the slightest bump will set them off . They 're fragile too , a couple stopped working rather quickly due to wires bending . The Ortho Press N Mouse is much sturdier and so much easier to use .
 These are very easy to set , but a mouse can still get the peanut butter off without being caught . Dumb animals my foot . The only mouse I caught was not killed . The trap caught it by the front shoulder , and the mouse managed to drag the trap along with into another room . I am not sure how long it had been in the trap , but it also managed to chew half of the trap away . I do n't want mice in my house , but it seemed VERY inhumane to have a mouse stuck in a trap like that . I will not use these again .
 After miserable luck with humane traps -LRB- the mice have all been able to get in , eat , and get out again -RRB- I bought these as an alternative to traditional traps , mostly for re-usability . However , both times they sprung and caught something , I was ` treated ' to the manic thrashing of the trapped , mangled but very much alive mouse . The first time I lasted 20 mins before I gave up and finished the job myself . The second time , I did so as soon as I realized what the noise was.The problem is that the jaws do n't snap together - there 's about a 1/8 to 1/16th inch gap , which for these guys , is just enough to keep them alive . Traditional snap traps are a much better deal , even if disposable .
 When evidence of mice was found in the apartment where I live I remembered there were a few of these traps in a closet , so I baited one with cheese and went out . When I came back and checked on the trap there was a live mouse in it . I was n't sure if this was the intended effect of the trap so I took the mouse outside and released it -LRB- it WAS very easy -RRB- . The poor creature did n't look so good so I went to grab a shovel and do what I had to do . When I came back it still did n't look so good but was able to jump away from me . Even if the mouse were fine it still seems rather awful to let anything be squeezed in half for hours , and I have this awful feeling that more likely the mouse will die a slow death somewhere under the porch where he escaped to . I want to kill mice , since if I release them anywhere in the city they shall either be mine or someone else 's problem , but I do NOT want to torture them , thus I will be switching to something with enough force to kill .
 This is indeed easy and quick to bait and set the only problem is it lacks ooomph it doesnt kill the mice though it does seem to be able to hold small mice i caught 2 in the same trap yesterday both are doing ok now one was completly inside the trap the other was halfway out today another live catch he was securly held halfway in the trap by the jaws he has since joined his friends in an old aquarium i utilizing as a detention facility
 When I realized I had a mouse in my kitchen , I went looking for the traditional spring-loaded mouse trap but the store I went to only had these Victor Quick Set traps . They are similar to the more traditional style , but easier to set . I bought a two-pack and took it home . I put peanut butter on both the trigger and on the underside of the top part of the trap , as recommended on the packaging . Then , I waited.When I checked the trap the next day , I found that all of the peanut butter was gone , both from the trigger and from the underside of the top of the trap . I took a pencil and used it to tap on the trigger and found that it required a very firm tap to trigger the trap . Obviously , the mouse had been able to eat all of the bait without triggering the trap.I took the second trap out of the packaging and set both traps the second night . The next day , the peanut butter had been eaten from both traps and neither of them had been triggered . They both had the same problem . After trying it again a third night with the same result , I obtained one of the older , traditional wooden spring loaded traps and caught the mouse easily the next night . So , I was ultimately successful , but not with this trap . This is a very poorly designed mouse trap.Since the trap takes too much force to trigger , and it never snapped on a mouse , I ca n't comment on what others have said about it not having enough force to kill a mouse , but I believe those comments . The spring on these traps seems considerably weaker than on more traditional mouse traps and rather than swinging 180 degrees before trapping the mouse as on traditional traps , this trap only snaps closed from about 30 or 40 degrees -- probably not gaining the same velocity as with traditional traps . Again , poorly designed . They simply do n't work .
 The Victor mouse traps in the picture are not the mouse traps that are being shipped . I have had the pictured traps with the red V and they are larger and have better spring action . The ones that are being shipped are a smaller variety with a weaker spring , definitely inferior to the ones pictured . Twice Amazon shipped me the inferior traps . They have allowed me to return them and are now giving me a refund . However , Amazon should change the picture or deliver the Victor traps that are pictured . I have seen the ones that were shipped in stores so I now wonder if Victor still makes the better trap . Why they would replace a good trap with an inferior one is a mystery . I wanted to use them to catch voles since they can be put directly over the hole . The smaller ones are useless .
 I found this mouse trap almost useless . After baiting it with peanut butter , I found repeatedly the mice would eat the bait without triggering the trap . The Ortho `` Home Defense Max Press 'N Set Mouse Trap '' is far superior to this . This type of trap can be reused . The bait is set in a well with the trigger around the well , and the trigger is very sensitive . Ortho may have patents on their trap , and Victor can not get around the patents , so Victor may have tried an `` end-run '' and produced a very poor product . Companies should not sacrifice their reputations like this .
 It 's a bit hard to rate this product ... on the positive side , I give it a 5 for design . It 's so easy to use and is way better than the old style mousetraps . You can set this with one hand and no fear of getting snapped , and you can remove the mouse from it without having to touch the mouse . Really nice.On the negative side , it does n't always trip . I am frequently finding that the peanut butter is gone and the trap has not tripped . There 's no way to adjust the sensitivity , so I do n't know what to do . I fear I 'm just making my mice fat.I wrote the company a while ago and , to their credit , they responded . They told me to not put too much peanut butter in the trap . I 've done that , but I often find the traps untripped.So
 the ones received are not the same model as shown , ones received are junk , fell apart on the first setting . look for the ones with the spring wire that wraps around the outside , these are garbage , literally fell apart in pieces setting them the first time.Lots of loose little metal pieces inside that come apart and out of slot easy . too easy . waste of money .
 This is certainly a humane trap , as the mouse is never harmed while eating . The only way I might find it to work is if I stepped on the trap while the mouse was eating . Complete waste of money .
 Set the traps , put on the bait , checked them the next morning . The bait was gone , but the trap had not closed . Well , at least now that the mice know there 's food in my cabinets , I 'm sure they 'll come back tonight . Just enough time for me to go buy and set some traps that actually work .
 Seriously completely useless . I did n't have any peanut butter per se , so I had to use a peanut butter snickers bar , which I thought , if anything , would probably be stickier and maybe even more alluring.The mouse found the treat and essentially licked it clean , trap remains untripped.Just useless .
 These traps work OK but not great . They are not nearly as effective as the &#34; older model &#34; which I can not find anywhere .
 We got a couple of these - they just do n't work well . Unlike the traditional wood traps , the springs on these are quite wimpy . They are also very easy for the mice to feed from without getting caught.The first day we put one out , the trap had sprung , but the mouse was not caught . Upon inspection , the trigger was cleaned off . Not sure how the mouse got away.The second night , we caught a mouse . But the trap is too wimpy to actually kill the mouse . Instead , it gripped him by his nose , and he was struggling to move around - dragging the trap about 15 feet across the room before he tired out but was still quite alive . We ended up having to put the trap -LRB- with him still alive in it -RRB- outside in a box so he would freeze/starve to death . Not terribly humane.In the meantime we set the other trap . At about 2AM we awoke to a terrible rattle . This time , the mouse only got his front foot caught in the trap , and was still very mobile . He was running all over the kitchen , banging in to things , etc trying to get free . He 'd tire out and just look at us for awhile , but if we approached him he 'd run around some more . Not knowing what to do , we blocked off both entrances to the kitchen , hoping he 'd be tired out enough by morning where we could capture him . When morning came , the trap was there , but no mouse . He actually gnawed off his own leg to free himself.In the meantime , we set up Trap # 1 again since the original mouse died . The next few nights - it was cleaned off , but no mouse captured.I went out and got a 4-pack of ` old fashioned ' wood traps . The next morning , we had 2 dead mice . Since these traps are so heavily spring-loaded , the mice are killed instantly - I doubt they even know what hit them . Much more humane than these plastic things that torture them to death.As an aside - about 4 days later -LRB- tonight -RRB- we found a mouse , barely alive , next to our dog 's -LRB- empty -RRB- food dish . It was the mouse with no front leg . He was evidently dying from either complications of the leg wound , hunger/thirst from not being mobile , or both . We were n't even sure what to do - I had to go out and get some heavy gloves , pick him up , and put him in a box outside like the first mouse . I 'm not a tree-hugger , but I do n't like to see any creature suffer like that.Do yourself a favor and just get the wood spring traps . They actually work , unlike these .
 One of the devices in the two pack was already broken
 Complete waste of money - wish I could give these no stars . Peanut butter bait gone - and trap did not go off . Several tries with this happening and wish I had n't bought 4 of these . One trap was broke upon opening . Wish they would go back to the simple wood / metal version .
 These traps are junk . I followed the instructions and they BOTH broke within 5 mins . of me opening them up . I contacted the seller and they credited me both the item amount and shipping . I was very pleased with the customer service , but the product is junk .
 Let me start on a positive note by saying that this trap was easy to set , as advertised . I baited them with peanut butter and put them in my basement two days ago . Here 's the interesting part
 What a ripoff ! I have used many snap traps over the years at my rustic cabin and have never found one as bad as this is . Unfortunately I have used it and 1 mouse was killed but after that could not reset the trap . A really cheap replica ! Do not buy !
 The currently shipped product -LRB- July 2012 -RRB- is a vastly inferior version of the product pictured . I have 4 of the older generation product and they are truly a GREAT mousetrap . Strong spring , teeth to kill the animal , very sturdy . And they really are a better mousetrap.This new version is smaller , 1/2 the spring strength , and lacks teeth . This thing will , at best , gum the mouse . The mouse will only feel a leg or back massage and will easily walk away from the snap.There are other vendors selling the previous version ... you 'll have to look around . But the hint is `` look for teeth '' . I 'm going to get more of those . These are going back to the warehouse .
 If you want to buy a mouse trap , you should avoid this product . I 've found , however , they make wonderful mouse FEEDERS !
 The first trap was found with the front corner chewed - the second would n't set after ten minutes of trying to get the flimsy internal parts to set I pitched it - I 'm done with this product , a waste . Has America lost our design capability , I looked for a Made in China stamp but found made in USA , Ugh . Avoid M130 - Surely the Victor brand can do better than this .
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 Got this pulley for a motor I was using on a lathe . Put it on the motor and fired up the lathe only to have the vibration create chatter on the workpiece . After some serious checking , and about 30 minutes of run time , the belt began to show heavy wear . The casting on this pulley is so poor that the seam between the tow halves has sharp edges that eat up the belt . Additionally I noticed about a 1/16 of an inch wobble . Thought it was my motor shaft . Took the pulley off and put in on a different motor with the same results . The pulley is not even close to being true . This is a total piece of junk ! The casting says Made in the USA , but it runs like cheap Chinese garbage . Do n't waste your money , buy something better .
 You are better off buying a plant hanger and using it . That 's what I ended up using . This item is cheap and unstable not for use with the heavy bug zappers . What a waste of my money . Do n't waste yours .
 This trap is nearly impossible to set , either on sensitive setting or on firm setting . After about 20 times , it finally set and then went off as I walked away . I visited the youtube channel the company provides as instruction and that 's a joke too . The bottom line is this design is a disaster and I ca n't believe they are still selling them .
 Do you want to kill mice or give them a nightly snack ? The old style Victor mouse traps that are made with metal triggers are great . They work as well today as they did 45 years ago . But Victor had to go and mess with a good thing and try and build a better mousetrap ... well , there 's a reason why they have that saying , `` build a better mouse trap . '' That old saying means that no-one has ever been able to build a better one , its a sarcastic saying meaning no-one has ever been able to build one , no matter how hard they try.I score almost every time with the all metal triggers ... but these plastic things , I 've set 10 of these traps , caught only one mouse , probably by sheer luck . The rest of them got away with every tiny scrap of bait . Clever little buggers.FORGET the plastic triggers . They 're garbage and for every mouse you feed with these things , two more will come along . Stick to the tried and true Victor metal trigger traps ... they 're awesome .
 This trap is nearly impossible to set , either on sensitive setting or on firm setting . After about 20 times , it finally set and then went off as I walked away . I visited the youtube channel the company provides as instruction and that 's a joke too . The bottom line is this design is a disaster and I ca n't believe they are still selling them .
 This is a cruel trap , cause of the large square trap platform that sets off the bar to come down , Ive had mice only catch their leg or even their snout , and they obviously had to suffer in a cruel way . With the other tiny metal bait setter , the mouse had to get in real close to get the goodies and it snapped down on them fairly well.Im traumatized that the mice had to suffer that way , Ive never had traps that caught only their leg or their snout . I will not purchase these again .
 As many others stated these traps are extremely difficult to set . I ca n't compare these to the classic metal tongued traps because I 've only used these . They have n't worked and I have yet to find a different style at the store , though I 'm going to try Home Depot next . I set all 4 traps with a large blob of peanut butter -LRB- the size of a golf ball -RRB- and placed each trap in areas I knew the mice frequented . After 2 days all the peanut butter was gone - absolutely no trace anywhere - from all 4 traps . And considering I did n't see a great depletion after the first day , that means they ate it all on the second day while I was at work . Now someone told me after the fact the problem was I put too much bait , which acted as a glue and prevented the trap from going off . So the second time I put a tiny amount of peanut butter on -LRB- the size of a pencil eraser -RRB- and the next morning that bait was gone from all the traps . At this point I 'm tempted to just leave globs of peanut butter on the floor and let the little gluttonous bastards die of heart attacks . It cracks me up how sensitive the traps are to human fingers when setting them , yet the mice can scarf down like it 's China Buffet . And as far as the bait having glued the switch , I 'm pretty sure that is n't the problem . After the second round of bait failed I dropped a bread tie and it barely touched the plastic tongue but the trap snapped so hard it flipped over . A bread tie !!! Yep , the mice are laughing at me fo sho .
 These traps are completely useless . I bought a bunch of these , and they wo n't trip . The mice just strip the bait right off , and do n't trip the trap . I have held these traps in the set position above waist high , and dropped them on the floor , and they still do n't trip ! In fact , they bounce and land upside down on the trap mechanism AND STILL DO N'T TRIP !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can push the yellow pedal down flat against the wood base , and it still stays set ! These traps just are NO GOOD . I need to find the good old fashioned kind without this yellow plastic piece of cheese .
 Give me the old style back . No baity , no worky . Took a real brainiac to think they could make an irrestible plastic piece of fake cheese that mice ca n't resist.Comedy !
 These are not very good . The trigger is plastic and pretty hard to set . I 'd set the trap then try to place it down as gently as possible but it would keep triggering . The plastic trigger was too slipery or something.If you do happen to get it set , you still need to put some bait on the trap . The plastic cheeze looking trigger is not meant to fool the mouse -LRB- like some people seem to think -RRB- . Place them along a wall - mice seem to like to walk along a wall or edge of something . So I just place them anywhere they might usually walk and whammo.If you can find the old style with the metal trigger , get those . Way better , cheaper , and easier to set - however you ca n't find them in retail stores anymore for some reason .
 This product is awful , awful , awful . The mice do n't fall for the fake cheese bait . Even if they did , I almost lost several fingers trying to set these things . Does n't really matter , though , because it would catch the same amount even if they were n't set -- zero.I found some of the older version , those that actually take bait . Smeared with peanut butter and voila ! dead mouse the next morning ! The problem is the retailers only carry the new version or some expensive traps or reusable ones -- yuck !
 I found this product difficult to use . To set the traps , you almost need 3 hands and the traps always seem to go off in your hand before you can place them . The traps also seem to not instantly kill the mice . I usually find the traps flipped over and few inches from where I originally placed them.I also love how the seller of these traps has the mouse traps titled as `` Garant Ypm18Eakd Poly Comb Snow Shovel 18 '' . Clearly , these are not snow shovels .
 These are terrible . I bought a whole stack of 'em at Home Depot this afternoon and am disgusted . This evening I heard two snaps and ran into the basement . Both times I found a mouse alive and writhing and in terrible , terrible pain.Both had what appeared to be half-broken spines . Still alive and running about . Both ran under a shelf and may or may not die.I guess I have to find the courage to see if they are actually dead now.Disgusting . I recommend getting something stronger and more consistent . The Victor classic wooden rat traps work much , much better and always kill the rodent . These just maim .
 Do n't buy this trap with the `` cheesy '' trigger . Every time I 've set one , the bait gets eaten but the trap does n't spring . Keep looking until you can find an old style Victor with the metal trigger : Woodstream #M 040 Victor Metal Mouse TrapThis classic works every time . Be sure to order a good supply . Who knows how long they 'll continue to be manufactured ? And PLEASE , do not throw your trap away with the mouse , unless you 're the type who throws away the knife after you 've sliced the bread .
 I 've always been a huge fan of Victor traps , but this is one of the worst designed products that I have ever seen . I simply believed I had bought a set of traps that had some flaws that would be unique to this one package . Who would 've believed that this was no accident . Do n't waste your money on this `` Easy Set '' trap . It 's not so easy .
 It amazes me that anything like this ridiculously designed mouse trap could ever make it to the market . Designing a mouse trap is not rocket science and apparently the `` engineers '' at Victor are not the sharpest tools in the shed . Do not waste your money on this piece of crap mouse trap . This company deserves to go out of business for putting such a bad product on the market . These traps are impossible to set and a complete waste of time . I will throw these away and try to find another solution . I have a good idea for VICTOR , close your doors and go out of business , take your products off the market and do everyone a favor . I want my money back !
 I give up . I used to have an easy time with the old traps that had this design but with a metal tongue instead of the cheese-shaped plastic thing . You 're trying to get the wire to hook under the tongue , and the friction of metal against metal under spring pressure would hold the device in a delicate but reliable set . Tricky , but it would always work after one or two tries . I ca n't make it work at all with the plastic version -- there 's just no friction between metal wire and plastic tongue . Who thought this was a better idea ? A defective product as far as I 'm concerned .
 Very difficult to set & keep set . Trying to set one of these will give your fingers a quick introduction into how a mouse would feel to get caught in one . I ordered 12 of these to help catch field mice around our shed . While one might think that a sensitive mouse trap is a good thing , the only thing they ever caught were my fingers . If you do manage to get one set , they often release prematurely thus making them little more than a free lunch for the rodents .
 This item is great if you have absolutely no grass ! Went together easy . Easy to adjust hieghts but does n't want to pick up anything no matter how you have the brush set . And if you are not supposed to over exert yourself due to a medical condition , this is really not for you .
 I purchased this item and was sorry I wasted my money . It may do fine on a lawn in a sub-divison -LRB- a very small lawn -RRB- but I live in the country and have lots of trees and that means lots of leaves . The leaf catcher does not hold much , so not even a few pushes and I was having to empty the catcher . The yard better be smooth or your gon na have to fight to push it . Needless to say this item is a waste of time and money if you live in the country . Best to buy mulching blades . Now , This item sets in my shed , new , awaiting a yard sale , to give it away for 1/3 of what I paid for it .
 Pros : Assembly fairly easyWorks acceptably well with correct height adjustment for terrainEasier than rakingCons : Nuts supplied for assembly did not match bolts - they would n't screw on , necessitating an extra trip to the hardware storeLocal home improvement store had competing model with heavier gauge metal frame for 50 % less - Price too high for quality of sweeperJust feels cheap - I would n't bet on longevity , especially with heavy useBag relatively small - needs to be emptied frequentlyHeight adjustment has to be changed whenever lawn terrain changes
 Terrible product . Rediculously hard to push through the grass . Would be better attatched to a motor of some sort or pulled behind a mower .
 After spending an hour assembling this item -LRB- because the tolerances on the lock nuts are too tight for easy assembly -RRB- I discovered that the wheels did n't freewheel in reverse and jammed at the end of every run . This is a problem with the main unit , which is assembled at the factory . The manual says to re-align the pins inside the ratchet gears . Not sure it 's worth the extra time , or if that will do it . Would prefer a refund .
 The bag is a real cheap plastic woven bag.The stitches fell out after the first use . The sweeper itself works as long as you are on level ground . I will never ever buy a AGRI-Fab Product agin . To cheaply made , They fall apart after first use . I am 47 years old and live in Kettle Falls WA .
 I should have heeded the warnings from other review 's .1 st clue
 The nuts that came with the bolts were the wrong size . Like others , I had to go to the local hardware store for the proper nuts . It is not that sturdy and half of the grass winds up back on the lawn instead of in the bag . I am sorry I bought it . If it were not such a hassle to return it , I would have . It will be in my next yard sale .
 I will never understand why something like this can not be designed `` smarter . '' Basically , it works , but has many design flaws that could be easily attended to by listening to several of the reviewers in this thread . If you can accept that it drops about 25 % of the leaves it collects because the bag is too far from the brushes -LRB- fixed by adding a 2 2/2 '' plastic piece by one reviewer -RRB- and if you have pine straw it jams the axles -LRB- fixed by adding a small shield on each wheel by another reviewer -RRB- then you have a great machine -LRB- save the chintzy plastic collection bag -RRB- . Would canvas or heavier plastic be that much more expensive ? Some of the parts are well designed -LRB- the brush assembly -RRB- and the level adjustment . The rest is wanting . If you get one try greasing or soaping the bolts prior to assembly . They are ill fitting and one set is difficult to access . Once I add the plastic and the wheel shields I am sure it will be a great machine ... and if I have plenty of gaffers tape to repair the bag it will be just fine .
 This yard sweeper SUCKS ! I think that ALL yard sweepers suck , with the exception of maybe the expensive powered VACUUM types . One must cut the grass EXTREMELY SHORT , then go over the lawn at least a dozen times to get at least SOME of the little maple tree seeds -LRB- WHIRLYBIRDS -RRB- up from the lawn . You 're better off racking the shi - out of your lawn than try to use this freakin ' thing.NOTE
 I purchased the lawn sweeper primarily to clean up a putting green beneath a pine tree over a very well manacured lawn.Our grass is very short -LRB- putting green -RRB- and with the low setting on the lawn sweeper unfortunately it will fling the pine needles and debre out in front instead of in the basket , so it does not work very well for what we got it for.For taller grass it works better.R . Riehn
 I grew up pushing a large metal and canvass sweeper across my parents lawn . It swept about a 3 foot swath meticulously and is still working at 100 % for my dad after 25 years . This device does not . However , what I wanted just is n't available to purchase anymore . This model is the largest push-powered leaf sweeper I could find and it just does n't even come close to measuring up . The build quality is suspect and the bag is essentially heavy plastic . It does work , but not all that well . And forget using it if the lawn is n't trimmed . Which brings about another issue . It does n't like picking up anything small . You know , like chopped leaves since you have to mow first . I think this is just the sad state of the transition from solid , more expensive American-made products that do what you need , to much cheaper , flimsier , more frequently replaced products that come close enough .
 I bought this as a Father 's Day present for my Dad and was a little insulted 6 weeks later when he went and bought a bigger , pull behind his mower , sweeper . THEN I went over to his house and tried them both out . The 26 '' push Lawn Sweeper from Agri-Fab throws more of the yard debris back out onto the ground than it picks up . It was horrible . I would have been better off to just give him nothing . It was a complete waste of my money .
 Took me wayyy longer than it should to cook one slab of ribs , since I kept having to take them out , take the grill out , take the water pan out -LRB- which resulted in disaster on my first try -RRB- , and re-light charcoal . Do not buy a smoker without a door on the side for adding more coals or wood . I could not keep the temp up at all . I used the minion method to get coals lit , and I 'm pretty sure I did it all properly . I got so frustrated by the end that I just finished cooking my ribs in the oven . I 've never had buyer 's remorse so bad before .
 I order from Amazon a lot and am usually very satisfied , however , not with this electric smoker ! The box was all messed up when we received the package . I ordered an electric smoker but this is a charcoal smoker with an electric converter ! No manual to assemble the electric part and the user manual is for a charcoal smoker . THIS IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY ! Order the regular electric smoker ... it 's less than $ 100 ! This grill is warped , missing pieces and ca n't find out where to put the lava rock ! Total disappointment !
 Do n't know what the hell is going on here , but you can get these at any Wal-Mart for 33 dollars any day of week .
 The first grill arrived damaged . The RMA process was very easy and a replacement was processed while the defective product was being returned . Received second unit 3 days after , which was pretty good reaction time . Putting it together I found missing parts , clips to hold on grate and cover . Called the 800 number to report missing parts and received a messaged the company was closed and to call back during specific buisness hours . I called back the next day and again received a message that the company is closed for annual Christmas party and to call back on the next buisness day . The next buisness day is Monday , so I have another 2 days before I can even report the missing parts . I really want this product , but am disappointed on how hard it has been and it 's still not resolved . I hope I can try this out before year end .
 It came with NO hardware to put it together with -LRB- screws , nuts , etc -RRB- . I was very disappointed that we had to go to the hardware store just to give it away for the gift it was intended for .
 I bought this grill for my husband , he has always had a smoker for lots of years `` Char-Broil '' smoker , i thought i would buy him a new one since he wore out the old one . Well i ordered the Brinkmann Stainless Steel , maybe it would hold up better , big mistake -- Husband and I noticed the top does not fit snug ,1 '' gap between lid and base , heat escapes out , will not order anything else but Char-Broil . That was a big price for a smoker . Wish i had my money back so i could go out and buy Char-Broil . Missing it in OHIO !!
 I currently have two Brinkman Pro Series grills that I Love one for home cook outs and one tailgate we use for camping . I do n't know what Brinkman was thinking on this one . It 's seems so cheap looking.like a after thought to get something on the market.Come on Brinkman you can do better than this !
 The backing is stiff which severely restricts the blanket 's flexibility and the ability to fold it . It 's supposed to provide the waterproof barrier , but it cracks after being folded just a couple times , so does n't even do that . The blanket is more like 60x70 inches , smaller than the 68x82 stated in the description . All around piece of crap !
 I bought this mat with high hopes and was thoroughly disappointed !! I followed the washing directions the day that I got it so it would be clean and ready to use for my 8 month old baby . The plastic backing on it is so cheap and brittle that it was completely destroyed in the wash . Big holes all over ! Also , extremely difficult to wrap back in the original position to make the shoulder strap work , and when you do , the velcro is not strong enough to keep it closed . Altogether terrible product -- I wish I could get my money back !
 I received two of these for Christmas last year and just loved them . My husband and I used them for our first picnic last week and they were great . Waterproof and easy to carry , but not so easy to re-fold without getting dirty . I took them home and washed them for the first time
 I received two of these for Christmas last year and just loved them . My husband and I used them for our first picnic last week and they were great . Waterproof and easy to carry , but not so easy to re-fold without getting dirty . I took them home and washed them for the first time
 The backing seems to be waterproof as advertised . The padding is almost non-existent , and it feels flimsy overall . Definitely overpriced .
 Bought this Picnic Blanket about 18 months ago.Used it 2 , maybe 3 times.The backing is already falling apart . Poor quality , very disappointed .
 Notice that when this is folded up , the decorative side is on the OUTSIDE ! This means that , when you lay it out to fold it up , you have to put the soft side down on the WET GRASS !! Horrible !!!!
 Out of the box the grill is missing parts ; several screws , nuts , one lower support bracket , the wooden handles have some chips and splinters and a couple of the holes were not drilled completely through . The exterior of the smoke chamber is marred in several places ; so I will have to buy some high temp paint to touch up the surface of a brand new grill . I am shocked that the surface is n't pre-cured -LRB- maybe the exterior would n't be damaged if properly treated before packing and shipping -RRB- , so know that if you purchase this smoker you have to protect the surface until you 've burned charcoal for 2hrs -LRB- sufficient to keep the temp in the ideal range which will require adding some dry hardwood chuncks -RRB- and then protected the surface until cooled . And like another review the lid does n't fit , neither the lid nor smoke chamber are round , sort of irregular unmatched ovals . There is just no quality control in the manufacturing nor packing of this grill .
 I will admit ... I am writing this review in a great deal of anger . Maybe I am using this as an opportunity to vent my anger . This is a piece of garbage.Define Frustration
 I bought the 2 '' size through Amazon and then realized that I needed the 2 1/2 '' instead . So , I bought that one at the local Farm and Home Supply store . I installed it on a new electric motor for our attic fan . Everything fit and worked great - until part of the shoulder of the pulley broke off . So , tomorrow the defective piece goes back to Farm and Home and I 'm going down the street to the Tractor Supply Company to buy a Phoenix steel drive pulley -LRB- about three times the cost , but I 'll bet it does n't shatter after about a month 's actual use -RRB- . Getting access to the attic fan is enough of a pain that it will be worth it to use something reliable.If you like to make a hobby of maintaining your equipment , go cheap and buy the Chicago Die Casting model . If you want to just use your stuff , look elsewhere .
 DO NOT try to use this on a lawnmower , i just tried to see if die cast could hold up and it ca n't , the pulley shattered .
 I have this installed on a 3HP motor driving a small dc generator and without noticing til later the pulley is actually warped and seems to be getting worse day after day . But it does work .
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 I bought this unit and was pleased with my first attempts at flour & corn tortillas . It is definitely a skill that needs practice . Tried to contact customer service . Had found some typos in the recipes and wanted some additional tips on making tortillas.First glaring error is that the phone number in the manual is wrong . It connects to an Alarm Company . According to their operator , that poor company gets a lot of Revel 's calls.Next , I located their website
 It does n't close thin enough to make rotis . If you like parathas then give it a try . Generally for Indian breads , stay away from this product .
 I got this for making Roti -LRB- Indian Bread -RRB- , it did not work well we returned ours .
 On arrival , packaging was a mess . The box was obviously opened and taped back together piece meal . The net , chains and hooks were missing . Finally , when I called the customer service number to report missing parts , it went straight to `` movie phone '' for theater listings . Looks like this company is no longer in business ...
 I only received the stand , not hammock . I have heard the hammocks are out of stock and not coming back .
 I loved this chair until it just broke . The middle rusted and broke . I only had it for a little over a year.That should not happen after a year . What a waste of money .
 Just not sturdy enough . Thought it would be the hit for Father 's Day for my husband . It was not . It topples far too easily but once you are in it - it 's comfy .
 I was so excited to get this chair and stand . My husband put it together for me this morning and I tried it immediately . I have several complaints . First , even at it 's highest , the chair is too low to the ground . Second , the chair is too `` clingy , '' it wraps around me , rather than supporting me . Third , IT FELL OVER with me in it . I am lucky I did not get hurt . A waste of $ 200 .
 When I bought this hammock I was looking for something movable and secure . After assembly which was easy just slip together it took less than 10 min . I sat in it it was very low to the ground hard to get in and out I raised it up , but now if you hit the stand in back as you moved . when I got out it tipped over . I adjusted back down to lower the center of gravity . My wife got in with much diffaculty as it was low and when she tryed to get out it tipped over with her . Packaged it up and returned it the next day .
 I bought this poduct at Lowe 's . Sure , it is nice rake
 Twice when using this rake I lost the little screw holding the Rake together . Fiskars sent me a replacement screw the first time , but now it is out of warranty and I need to find my own solution to the special type of screw they used . What a pain in the neck .
 I purched a 24-inch Leaf rake in the past but it broke in two pieces . I ordered a replacement which arrived today and it said it is unbreakable . What is your replacement policy . The first rake was also purchased from Amazon.com
 This claimed to have a `` nearly-unbreakable rake head '' . It broke during shipment . I returned without any problems , but did not request a replacement .
 I bought this rake according to the reviews on Amazon.The rake is light which I like but the only complaintI have is that it is not made for pinestraw . Within a fewrakes it clogged , I spent more time unclogging the rake .
 I was shocked and upset after thinking that I had just found the holy grail of leaf rakes . Within 10 minutes it split in the middle . Within 20 minutes it had lost 2 teeth . And the worst part ? I was n't being hard on it at all ! Just raking up slightly damp leaves and not even a ton of them . What a P-O-S ! Never again !!!
 I liked this product fine till it broke . After that , not so much . It 's really annoying trying to gather leaves with a busted rake.Of course it is not unusual for a rake to give out after just a couple seasons -- especially when its user is as massively strong as I am -- but I was hoping for better . The plastic span , above the tines , developed a crack one day . Duct tape kept it going another few weeks but of course the crack grew with use and today it just snapped in two.I 've generally liked Fiskars products in the past , but seems like they reached a little past their engineers ' abilities with this one .
 Because of the good reviews , I ordered the Fiskars rake , but after less than 5 minutes of light use the rake head fell off the handle.Turns out it 's held on by one small screw that 's `` threaded '' into the thin walled aluminum handle . -LRB- maybe a couple of threads -RRB- I 'm surprised I have n't seen more comments about this problem .
 Had this rake for about a year , used in Florida and Alabama . In the latter state , it shattered a few weeks ago while doing some serious ground clearing of pin oak leaves in an elite tall turf type fescue lawn . The Fiskars rake ca n't bear manhandling , so I 'd suggest it only for people who rake big leaves lightly , long-legged girls -LRB- the handle is long and light and will be repurposed for a hoe -RRB- , or milquetoast yardners . When you put some muscle to it , the extremely flexible rake head will eventually shatter . My guess is the Florida sunshine and heat degraded the plastic just like it does everything plastic . For non-Floridians , this means that anything made of standard garden plastic -LRB- from Japanese extruding firms -RRB- rots in about a year of Florida weather . Watering cans , hose-end adapters , spray wands , plant pots , garden statues ... . you get the picture . The best use of this rake is for larger leaved trees like red and white oaks , sugar maples or sweet gum . It is useless for pin oaks in Alabama , live oaks in Florida , longleaf pine needles in either . The good ol' tine rake is hard to beat .
 No better than any other rake . It worked well for a little while but this weekend the plastic shoulder broke while moving a small pile of acorns . I was n't subjecting it to harder than reasonable conditions . Very disappointed , will just buy a cheapie at the local hardware store to replace it .
 This rake works great - a few times . We have a rather large yard , and after 3-4 uses the rake developed a large crack above the tines . We will be looking for a metal one and hope it will be sturdier !
 I do a lot of Fall raking so I ordered two of these to replace 20 year old wood handled rakes.They arrived unprotected and damaged -LRB- nicked poles and warped plastic -RRB- but I decided to skip the hassle of returning them . The rakes looked good but were covered in gaudy labels that were impossible to remove . The aluminum pole was noticeably lighter but I prefer wood as raking in Wisconsin is usually done during cold weather and it froze my bare hands . Plus the aluminum had sharp scratches/nicks from shipping that was rough on fingers . And the rake head is flimsy -- it flexes too easily when raking large amounts or wet leaves . Had to rake smaller piles because it feels like it will break at any time . Finally the weak teeth get bent and misaligned and it clogs quite easily.I 've been happy with all my Fiskars tools in the past but I regret buying these . Since I spent a lot I 'll keep using them but I 've had better experiences with the run-of-the-mill plastic rakes available at half the price . OK but overpriced for what you get .
 I ordered this composter based on the Amazon product description but when it arrived it was nothing like the description . Only the photo is correct . Important ... This composter DOES NOT HAVE `` separate compartments for each day of the week with days labeled on each lidded opening for faster processing '' which is what the Amazon description said . It is a solid plastic barrel with only one end cap . It can rotate on the base but in order to put material into it you need to tip the whole thing on its end and open the big endcap . This is not something that my wife would want to do every day after it is filled with 45 gallons of compost . The instructions inside the barrel even say that this is only to be used to take a lot of waste and convert it as a big batch into compost . This is nearly the opposite of what the description implies.The Amazon description seems to be a mix of the description for the larger CMP05 which does have a metal shaft running through it , the CMP03 combined with somebodies imagination . The CMP03 only has a plastic base . A copywriter would be helpful ... note that the weight of the product is listed as 93.5 lbs then 70 lbs and the shipping weight is listed as 33 lbs . The correct answer is 33 lbs.For the record , if a manufacturer sold a product that fit the Amazon description it would have had all the features a homeowner wants from a daily composter , but this product does not have those features . I have received an RMA for this product and Amazon had said they would correct the errors in the description .
 Description cites individual daily compartments into which each day 's `` add ins '' can be included in order to segregate the new kitchen waste from the `` already cooked '' compost which would drop through into the middle . What was received looks EXACTLY like the photo . Excellent quality plastic , great base , easy to spin , however , the individual `` doors '' for the separate compartments labeled with each day of the week , are NOT doors . They are simply molded imprints onto the side of a big , empty black barrel . Does have drainage holes every 90degrees around the exterior to the barrel . NO center axis to turn or aerate despite the product describing one as a feature . What was received is just a great big empty barrel with a difficult to add/remove end cover . I am very disappointed . Perhaps there are 2 designs and the one shipped was a `` big batch '' composter , but that 's not what the description stated . Individual doors for segregation are NOT part of this products features regardless of the description . Back it goes , but good Amazon return policy . If it was as described , this would be a keeper , sturdy as `` all get out '' and great potential , but as a batch barrel only , not adding a bit at a time . I expect the lid would come on and off more easily after a few uses . ** Just wanted to add that to add to this barrel , you must physically lift it upright from the horizontal position and unscrew the top.I found what is pretty much this `` exact '' thing by the same company on a pipe stand -LRB- here at amazon -RRB- so that if you wanted to use this model but not have to lift it upright each time , you can just spin it easily end for end til the opening is on top and then add ; but that one is still a big batch composter .
 I bought this composter for my wife and she is very dissatisifed . The product does not match the Product Description given on Amazon . It does match the picture which should have clued me in . The product description talks about separate compartments for each day with lidded openings that make for faster processing . There are no openings where the days are labeled . The only opening is on the side and the lid is not easily opened . According to the instruction sheet delivered with it , you tip it over on one end each time you want to load it and then tip in back onto the stand . According to the product description online there are separate compartments for each day and one day 's waste is fully processed and dropped into the main body by the end of seven days . There are no separate compartments , the inside looks like an empty barrel . The product description says the bin is easy to operate , spin it on the axel that runs through the center . There is no axel . It sits on a plastic base . Spinning the composter is like spinning a barrel in a curved saddle . That is not easy at all.I would rate this a minus 5 if that option was available . I am not sure if the Product Description given for this product really belongs to a different product or if we were just robbed .
 The other one-star reviewers are correct - the description of this bin is totally misleading . The days of the week on this are totally useless - they are just imprints , not separate compartments . The only way to put the compost in is through the side door . Yes , it 's sturdy , but with zero features , the $ 180 price I paid in December was a rip-off . Not recommended . Amazon let me down .
 This item is not what I expected . It is incredibly difficult to turn and does not match the description
 Ditto for the other reviewers . It 's bait and switch , as the product I received is nothing like the description , nor the instructions which are inside for a large batch composter .
 We have the Achla CMP-01 model that 's mounted on an aluminum stand so that you can spin it daily . It 's great ! Easy to use . The CMP03 is exactly the same , except that it is horizontal and the very devil to work with , especially if you are n't Arnold Schwarzenegger .
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 I owned two of these downspout diverters for two years . They worked OK , but they do n't allow as much water to pass through the bottom end as they allowed to enter the top . When it rains heavily water will leak out the top of the diverter and run down the side of your house . I patched mine up with foam sealant , but it was annoying . After two years these units took a beating from the sun and basically fell apart . The plastic in mine was n't very thick and seemed to break down after being outside for a while -- hopefully they 've modified the design . I 've been using the RainReserve diverter units for a couple of months now , and I 'm very impressed . Better plastic , MUCH stronger , and they have a hatch that can be removed to clean out the entire unit . The hoses are bigger too -LRB- and you can hook up two barrels to one diverter to fill them in parallel -RRB- . Best of all , they do n't suffer from the capacity issue that plagues this one . The extra $ 10 is worth it . Your mileage may vary .
 Part numbers matched . The spindle arrived on time . Upon installation I found that all mounting holes were `` Un Tapped '' ! This was not a plug - n-play installation ! Lucklly I had a tap and die set to make it right . The mower blade that came with it was way to big for the deck so I tossed it in the junk pile ... . Next time I will think twice about using this vendor , and you know with riding mowers , there will always be a next time !
 JUNK ! Hose attachment keeps coming off and leaks when it stays on . The telecoping joint breaks and leaks . There must be a better product for this application !
 Was very disappointed when the sprinkler arrived and it 's only 40 inches tall instead of the 60 inches stated in the product description .
 This is a copy of my review for the exact same GREEN model of this grill . For some reason they are not listed as one item with color choices so I have posted the review for the other colors , having actually purchased the Green model . ***** See Update Below ****** Having now had this grill for over a year , I would describe it as a decent quality grill for a fair price . I use this grill frequently , probably twice a week or more , even in winter . If you are an occasional user , you may find this a more ideal product.The Good Points-1 -RRB- It looks great and is perfect if you do n't want and over testosteroned massive stainless grill on your property .2 -RRB- The quality and functionality is decent .3 -RRB- If you get a hold of a real person at Minden , they are very nice and will go out of their way to help you .4 -RRB- Heats up very quickly.The Bad Points-1 -RRB- You MUST purchase separately the stainless steel grate . The included enameled grate will wear out in less than one season .2 -RRB- The wood handle will also become moldy in less than a season . I extended it 's life by using some spray varnish on it , but I would still prefer the stainless steel one -LRB- which I 've seen at Williams-Sonoma on a version of this grill that only they sell -RRB- .3 -RRB- The spatter plates become quickly rusty . Minden was nice enough to send me -LRB- essentially for free -RRB- 3 stainless steel ones .4 -RRB- Some of the bolts which hold the unit together become rusty over time , they should be made of stainless steel , but they are n't .5 -RRB- The grill does not evenly heat , and has hot and cold spots , which over time if you understand where they are you can compensate for them.They really have the makings of a great grill with some small modifications , I would encourage them to change some parts to stainless steel -LRB- described above -RRB- and attempt to resolve the unevenness of the heating surface . ****** UPDATE April 8 , 2012 ******** After having this grill for about two years , I sadly have to conclude that it 's not something I would buy again.The rust has continued to the point where critical functioning parts are failing . The bracket for the trough which supplies gas from burner to burner has failed , causing the trough to fall off . I 've managed to stick it back using some rocks so I can still use the grill.The hot and cold spot issue seems to have gotten worse , and it 's also now hard for me to get the grill started without pressing the start button 10 or 15 times.Additionally , the threaded plastic gas tank hookup broke in half , and I had to replace it with a new one.After doing some math , I 've concluded that the cost of ownership of this grill is simply too high.At 479 , lasting two years , means 249/year -LRB- this does not include the MANDATORY cost of buying the Stainless Steel Grate -RRB- *** Conclusion
 I was skeptical when I bought this device but decided I would give it a try . The majority of our mouse problems existed in our garage which is where I installed the device.I do n't know if this is a coincidence or what but we actually had more mice in our garage while the device was plugged in . It seemed to attract them instead of repel them . I got fed up and unplugged the device and our mouse problem has dropped off quite a bit . I know from the majority of reviews that this device must work for some people but ours is getting returned to the store .
 I bought three PestACator 2000 Plus from Home Depot on 12-15-2010 . I had a rodent in my garage that I was trying to get rid of . I put one in the garage and as an aggressive measure , I put two in the home so I would n't have a problem.However , I 've recently notice some activity in the garage , on three different occasions all within the same week . According to the package insert `` This product is also backed by a one-year warranty on all parts and workmanship '' . It 's only been 4.5 months . I am extremely unhappy with the product . I would expect these items to last longer for the amount of money I have paid . I not buy this product , recommend this product and at any chance I get , I will discourage others from buying your product !
 I would never spend the money one of these things costs , but I was lucky to come across one for free , and was curious as to how it worked . Because when you plug it in , it does n't make any noise , vibration , or anything . All it does is flash a red LED on and off , that 's it.So I decided to open it up and see what is on the inside . Having a strong background in electronics , I had to laugh when all that was inside was basically a small coil and a circuit to make the LED flash on and off.I did a search on the internet , and I see there has already been complaints against this product from the Federal Trade Commission.I associate with squirrels and wildlife on a daily basis . I pluged this unit in outside on the deck when the squirrels came up for a snack , and they paid no attention to this device , even when placed under thier food dish with an extension cord while I video taped it to show to others how ridiculous this quack device is . I found some spiders and insects outside and placed the unit next to them with the traveling extension cord , and the same thing , they could care less about it.The worst part is that there are only about $ 2 - $ 5 worth of parts on the inside , and they charge around $ 40 for it ?
 I would never spend the money one of these things costs , but I was lucky to come across one for free , and was curious as to how it worked . Because when you plug it in , it does n't make any noise , vibration , or anything . All it does is flash a red LED on and off , that 's it.So I decided to open it up and see what is on the inside . Having a strong background in electronics , I had to laugh when all that was inside was basically a small coil and a circuit to make the LED flash on and off.I did a search on the internet , and I see there has already been complaints against this product from the Federal Trade Commission.I associate with squirrels and wildlife on a daily basis . I pluged this unit in outside on the deck when the squirrels came up for a snack , and they paid no attention to this device , even when placed under thier food dish with an extension cord while I video taped it to show to others how ridiculous this quack device is . I found some spiders and insects outside and placed the unit next to them with the traveling extension cord , and the same thing , they could care less about it.The worst part is that there are only about $ 2 - $ 5 worth of parts on the inside , and they charge around $ 40 for it ?
 Squirrels are not gone . Seems they are visiting less then before installation of the device , but they are not gone at all .
 I do not recommend this product . It DOES NOT work !!! I still see roaches crawling around and this to them is just another toy for them to crawl on .
 it was recommended by a friend but did not work on the new wiring in my home . evidently the old wiring which the mice had eaten was the only food it liked .
 we live in a rural area so every winter a number of mice always manage to get into the house . After two mice this winter , we decided to invest in two pest a cators , one for upstairs and one for our basement . Well , after having plugged them in for 3 weeks , we got another mouse in the house yesterday . It was quickly removed with a mouse trap . Please do not waste your money on these !
 We bought this beginning of November at Home Depot . I plugged it in a kitchen outlet one foot above the counter , right above the dishwasher where the mice were coming in from . We were home for a week then left for another week . So we gave it some time for the mice to run around like the packaging said they would.Three weeks later found mouse droppings on the kitchen counter two feet to the left of this and one foot from the right.Four weeks later I downloaded software to my laptop to make my webcam a motion detector . When it detects motion it takes pictures . Set the laptop on chair in kitchen over night.Next morning I checked my computer . It took some great shots of a mouse running around the floor avoiding four traps with peanut butter and popcorn and this Pestacator set up right over it.This went on for about three more weeks . So I sent this back . I bought glue traps . I set them up side by side across kitchen floor . Going to bed with my baby video monitor set up on the floor I saw one come out . It ran back and forth trying to find a away over the glue traps . It avoided the traps with sunflower seeds and Cheerios . It carefully step on one glue trap with a paw , removed this paw , then went back under the dishwasher .
 Had some mice getting into the basement from the garage . Bought this along with two other repellers from the same company . The other two either did n't work upon arrival or quit working within 2 days . I have no clue as to whether or not this is actually working but I kept it anyway with the hope that at least one of the three is actually performing as intended.I bought a bunch of cheap ones from Home Depot . They were Black and Decker 4 packs . I also purchased a Vector from Lowes and another cheaper one from Restaurant Depot . I put one in every room in the house to make sure the mice went out the same way they came in and were not driven deeper into the house . When I plugged one in in the basement for the first time a mouse jumped out from hiding and tried to get out as quick as it could . I also placed sticky pads around the areas in the basement that they were entering . They showed evidence of rodent activity -LRB- footprints and fur -RRB- but were not sticky enough to actually capture one . We own 2 dogs and I did n't risk using poisons.I switched the different brand repellers around to try to make the basement as unfriendly as possible . The basement has 9 repellers , the garage has the `` vector '' and another one , one in every other room in the house and two in the attic . After about one month I used steel wool and `` greatstuff '' to block any holes that I could find and sprinkled peppermint oil all over the areas they were getting in . It has been about 2 months now and I think the pests are all gone.Total expense has been around $ 200 . I hope this helps .
 I bought this product because i have mice . I live in the country with cornfields around me . Every winter we get mice coming in from the cold to seek refuge in the warm house full of food . I purchased the item in the summer to try to get a leg up on the mice before they think about coming indoors . I was quiet with no mice all through the summer and into the fall . I thought it may be working . The temperature dropped around freezing for less than a week and we started seeing evidence of droppings on the kitchen sink and by the dog food bowl . The pest a cator 2000 was mounted under the pantry about 12 ' from the sink area . We have not foumd any evidence of mice in the pantry as of yet but i am dissatisfied with the claims of when used according to instructions which were followed to a tee by us ; it repells rodents out of the single floor of a home . It does not ! Do not waste your money on this product . It seems to me like a gimmick . Use traditional poisions and traps . They have proven results although they are not as easy as just plugging in a unit and hoping it does miracles .
 I bought the product . It did n't work . I looked around to see what the story is , and Lo and Behold , the parent company of this device , Global Instruments Ltd. , has been ordered to stop selling it.Wikipedia
 Got it two weeks ago . Just now noticed the red blinking light has stopped working . Will be getting a refund . Very disappointed as I just saw a mouse .
 This product is crap ... a scam . I used this for over 2 yearsPest A Cator 2000 Electromagnetic Rodent Repeller For Larger AreasI thought it was working but started hearing noises in wall . I decided to set traps and caught an unbelievable amount of mice . I tried replacing the one I was using ... thinking it might be defective ... . Same results . If you want to get rid of mice use the old standard snap trap and use peanut butter for bait . I find the Victory traps work the best . Good luck !
 We saw a mouse , bought this item and I 've seen a few mice run right by the device . I do n't think it does a thing .
 If you need a white box with a red blinking light on it then this product is for you , if you need something to chase away mice get a cat!The mouse in my wall was literally 6 inches from the Pestactor plugged into my outlet and it did n't work at all , save your money get a 99 cent trap .
 purchased this item to give it a try . In the fall is when we get most of the mouse activity and sorry to say this item has not helped at all . In fact 2 weeks after I purchased it we got three mice . I even moved it around the basement and still no such luck . Do not waste your money
 I bought the pest-a-cator plus 2000 in February of this year and instead of repelling mice , I 've got more mice than ever now ... this thing did not work and would really like my money back . 26 bux for this thing thats not worth 5 cents to me
 I bought two of these a few months ago so I have given it a chance . The rats actually chewed a hole in the wall above where one of the Pest A Cator 's are in the outlet . I have a feeling the rats sit around at night while I 'm asleep with a cold Bud in hand laughing at what a ridiculous item this is . If anything they have invited other rats into the house to share the joke . As of today against my wishes I am now resorting to poisons . The war is on !!
 This is flat out a waste of money . I hear rats in my wall between my kitchen and bathroom so I placed this unit in the outlet between the two walls which includes wiring . Well , it 's been over a month and we still hear them crawling throughout that wall . Just to let you know , my house is only 1000 sq ft. and this is suppose to be good for a house much larger then mine . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 I have mice , this did not and still does not distract them in the least . I would not try it because it simply does not work .
 Well , I had some high hopes for these repellers , and plugged them in as instructed . The pack rats that I was hoping would leave the walls of my house just kept chewing away . This item did n't seem to have any effect on them . DARN IT . So I am returning . Went with D-Con poison instead ... . not a choice I really wanted to make , but when the rats can chew your electric wiring and eat holes in your water lines , you have to wage war . I am not sure `` what '' the items were doing , if they were defective , or just not enough to chase pack rats away.I think what happens with all of these electronic repellers is that `` some '' units may actually work , and some may not - either as a quality control issue or a frequency difference in output or other variation.If the company making these ca n't consistently make them to effective outputs , they may as well hang it up ! It seems like it 's almost an accident if someone gets one of these devices that actually works.What frequencies ARE the effective ones ??? Are these things TESTED to see if they are producing those particular frequencies ???? I bet the product is assembled and shipped with NO verification . That may well explain the random success . The ones I got obviously did n't work at all .
 This thing is a waste of money . I live up in the hills and I am used to the occassional field mouse finding their way into my home despite my thorough cleaning attempts . Fortunately the mice left due to my cleaning but unfortunately there are rats now that found their way into my rubbermaid container I use to store my dog 's food -LRB- I only know they are rats and not mice due to the size of the droppings left behind -RRB- . Since I have a dog I do n't want to use poisons so I bought the Pest A Cator that says it will work through the walls and beyond for a house up to 2000 square feet . Well my tiny abode boasts 900 square feet at most and guess what ?! It has been plugged in for over a week and not only do I hear chewing in my walls at night now but my dog did not finish her food immediately and as soon as I went to clean her bowl I saw a grey flash and tail run away from her bowl and behind my couch ! It is so embarrasing and disgusting and I thought with the 30 plus dollars I spent on this thing it would be worth it . NOT ! Do n't waste your time or money on this useless contraption !!!
 I was hoping that somehow the ones that had been received without lids were flukes , but mine came that way too . Bummer ! Would have been useful otherwise , even though I do n't have a grill !
 Ordered the first time unit came without lid . Instead of sending lid , they made me return it , and reorder . Guess what , second order had no lid either . Really hate it cause it was exactly what i am looking for , provided it has a lid
 I bought this light with great expectations - the reviews were good , etc. . We got it and it was great - great light output , attached easily , however , it did not last . After just 6 months of use it died , and Brookstone would not replace or refund my money . I think $ 50 is a lot to spend on an item that will end up in a landfill 6 month after purchase - it 's a shame .
 Sadly , I 'm sending mine back.I was very hopeful . The concept looked solid , and the placement -LRB- on the handle in the center -RRB- seemed optimal.I 'm not returning it because it failed , or because it did n't provide enough light , but because the first time I clamped it onto my Char-Broil grill handle , and opened the cover with it was attached , the lid would not stay up unless I held it open . For lawds sake , it has 4x D batteries in it , and has to weigh about 3-4 pounds!Sorry Brookstone , I 'm a fan of most of your products and innovations , but I think that since you are using LED lights , it would be better to run it off of AA batteries -LRB- solar charger maybe for the next generation ? -RRB- that need to be changed more often , -LRB- maybe this is the Alaska version ? -RRB- rather than designing it around D cells that make it heavier than the boom box I owned 20 years ago in High School.Still looking for a good -LRB- non-gooseneck -RRB- BBQ light ...
 I use my outdoor grill year-round 3-4 times per week -LRB- Really -RRB- for fish , chicken , lamb etc so having a nice source of dependable bright light is kinda essential . My wife bought this for me as a gift and it was kinda cool at first , but after a few uses it started shutting off at random moments and like the other year-round griller I would reset it by removing the battery cap and replacing it . This worked a few times but then stopped solving the problem soon thereafter . The battery cover also ended up snapping from repeated removal and replacement . All problems seemed to be heat related though I never had it warp . I give it 2 stars because it does give good lighting for its size and being battery powered , however , this item proved worthless in my grilling world and was an expensive trash can item since Brookstone would not take it back . I have since ran extension cords to both umbrellas next to my grill and bought some $ 9.00 clip on lights from Walmart and installed some 15 watt CFL par-30 spots in them . Now I have more than enough light to see when its turning time .
 Note to all who are thinking of purchasing this item , you can not leave this item out exposed to weather . I left on my grill a week after purchasing and it no longer works . Brookstone Laboratories failed on this one ! I will no longer buy Bookstone merchandise . Do not buy !
 I used this once . Next time I tried to use it , I found it was waterlogged . Does n't work anymore even after drying out for a few days . Brookstone did not state that it could not be left outside . Big rip-off , especially for this price .
 Brookstone advertizes this product as being weatherproof , great for year ` round grilling , and states that ` it 's okay to get it wet ' . I did n't have mine for more than a few months when I noticed water had leaked into the lamp area -LRB- even though it was kept completely covered for all but a couple of rain showers -RRB- . It stopped working shortly after , even though I brought it in doors to allow it to dry out . It was a gift from my wife , who inadvertently threw out the receipt ; but still had the bank statement showing date and location of purchase . Brookstone refused to replace the product . This is an expensive item , and for a company not to recognize when it is defective and replace it in good faith -LRB- especially when branded with their own brand -RRB- is inexcuable . I will never purchase another Brookstone product again !
 First of all this is a suet feeder , not a window seed feeder as stated here . I bought this somewhere else but the birds wanted no part of it . Tried sticking branches in it but no luck . The mesh openings are too small . When filled I believe there is too much weight pressing on the screen keeping the birds from grabbing on . I ended up taking the roof part off & pressing it onto a standard wire suet basket which has worked out perfectly . Now the suet stays dry & it keeps out the big birds allowing the little guys to eat in peace . This was an expensive way to get a covered feeder .
 I bought this grill from a department store and was very disappointed . It was easy to put together , however , it did not work well at all . It caught my food on fire , and the temperature setting does not work well at all -- it wo n't turn down . The ignitor also did not work . I am very disappointed with this grill and am taking it back
 The product description does not tell you that the brass in the product contains lead . When I received it , the packaging gives a warning that you should wash your hands after handling the product . If I had know this , I would not have ordered it . I have a home with kids and this is not a safe product to have around .
 I know this nozzle is a very good product from previous experience . The are long lasting and the rotating nozzle head works flawlessly . Keep them out of the cold in winter and from the hot summer sun to help keep the plastic components from becoming brittle . Sears used to sell them under the Craftsman brand but it seems like they only carry the cheap and crappy garden items carried by most other retailers , Lowe 's , Home Depot and Walmart all included.My complaint is that I placed my order well over a week ago and the nozzle is no where near to be shipped as far as I know . The unit is not sold or shipped by Amazon but by a third party Amazon seller . I am about calling Amazon and let them have a piece of my mind -LRB- is there some one in the Amazon customer service area listening ? -RRB- . The other big reason I ordered the nozzle is that the price for which it is listed is more than half lower than other vendors and websites . Even with the shipping costs it 's still lower than most sites prices without considering their shipping costs . If only I could get the one I ordered to be shipped ...
 This was purchased mainly because the description said , `` Made in USA '' . The packaging on the item received says , `` MADE IN CHINA '' !!!
 I ordered this particular product because the manufacturer claimed this product is `` made in the USA . '' However , upon receiving the product the packaging indicates `` made in China '' . Needless to say I will not order any products from this manufacturer in the future or from the vendor that sold it to me .
 I was fooled into buying this grill as it looks nice . The initial excitement did not last very long . The ignition never worked . After only a few months of occasional use , the front piece of my grill caught fire . The control knob melted , and I was unable to turn of the gas . I could finally stop the fire by turning off the gas cylinder . The grill is no longer usable.The grill is still under warranty . This is what customer support had to say : Informed customer that they experienced a flashback fire , and is not covered under warranty . Case will be reopened if any further assistance is needed . r.s.I wish I had known about this product 's poor quality and also about this company 's poor customer service .
 JUNK structally will fold end to end unless you keep kids off.The instructions had to written for a differt eqt.Who ever thought you can put a tank in place from behind tighten up their bolt and then crawl like a snake to try to hook tank on TOO short a hose going to regulator . Unless you try this eqt you are missing something stupidy.It cooked well after I installed two x braces only after.AMAZON.CON you have lost a customer because of your lack of telling people like it is .
 This seemed like a wonderful grill , but the regulator -LRB- which keeps gas from leaking -RRB- failed after about a month . Unlike other grills , the Charbroil regulator has to be purchased as part of the full burner assembly -LRB- over $ 100 , while other grill manufacturers sell just the regulator and tube , for about $ 20 -RRB- . The regulator 's not covered by their warranty , either . Customer support has been terrible , with `` communication '' only coming through Charbroil 's FAQ 's on the Web . Fortunately , there are enough other Charbroil owners with similar problems who have written on the Web about this problem . I will never buy a Charbroil product again . This has all been so terribly disappointing , because I 've wanted to support a good U.S. company -- but Charbroil 's engineering and customer support is reminding me of the big three automakers in the 1980s .
 Without trying to sound overly negative this is subpar engineering and production at its finest . First , I was expecting something that would assemble `` in minutes '' ... guess when you dont qualify how many that years are also broken into `` minutes '' . . this unit has roughly 60 individual pieces that require assembly not including nuts and bolts . Finish was VERY poorly applied and rust was already visible on the carbon steel on the underside of the side burner . Guage of steel for the cart assembly is subpar . Amazon has been very good to deal with and is refunding my puchase and returning the grill . There are many better systems available out there than this . Very disappointing merchandise and misleading advertising on the manufacturers end . I made the mistake of buying prior to any of these units being available locally because I thought I was getting a good deal .
 a year ago we bought a performance series and was very happy with it until a week ago when upon lighting it the fire spread out of the pit area and melted the controls . Char broil was unconcerned and indicated that did not sell replacement parts . No comments whatsoever on the safety . It seems that replaceing the grill on a yearly basis is expected at Charbroil . In the past we have used Weber and got ten years from the grill . I would look at the Webers
 One of the burner knobs developed a leak causing flame to melt the cladding around that burner . Also , this grill just does n't get that hot . The temperature guage goes up to 500 , bu mine rarely gets to the `` grill '' zone .
 I am sorry to say this product is nothing like it looks . It is a cheap plastic , and mine came even damaged , scratched several places , and it is SMALL . I returned it promptly and aside from trouble of returning and waiting for refund , there was no issue with the seller but I would not recommend it AT ALL .
 Mine just burned up after a year of medium-duty use -LRB- branches and trees up to 12 '' -RRB- . The chain did not keep its tension well , and did pop off numerous times . Also , the chain oil tended to drip constantly , causing stains on my basement floor in several places -LRB- yeah , I should have known better , but ... -RRB- . Anyway , I 'm moving on to a `` real '' chainsaw , and I would n't really recommend this model unless you keep its use to a minimum and your cutting sessions not too long . And keep the chain sharp !!!
 I did n't have huge expectations of this chain saw , and I only bought it for occasional use on my 1/2 acre wooded property . This saw failed to meet my already low expectations.The Remington is severely anemic and can barely cut a substantial limb . To top it off , it 's cheaply made . Mine broke after about 6 uses , and ca n't be fixed -LRB- a plastic part cracked during routine use -RRB- . As noted by others , the chain falls off repeatedly and it needs constant adjustments . And it drips oil constantly , so put newpaper under it.There 's a reason this chain saw is so inexpensive . It 's not worth it , and not worth the convenience of an electric tool . For a few bucks more , you can get a gas saw that gets the job done and will last more than 1/2 season .
 Like everybody else 's
 Only for very light/occasional duty . Very poorly constructed . Leaks oil & chain slips off frequently . A real dissapointment .
 Chain slips constantly even after a few minutes of use . Constant chain adjustment makes it 's use , time consuming and aggravating.Save your money and put it towards a small gas chainsaw or look at some better built electrics . I am sure that other compnaies make a much better electric saw.Good Luck !
 I used it twice and it worked fine , but it leaks oil like crazy . It leaked all of the oil in the tank all over my garage floor . There 's no reason for this . It 's just poor design . If you buy it , plan on draining the tank after every use or cleaning up a lot of oil .
 every time I use this saw the blade loosens and or loses the bolts have to spend lots of time hunting for them
 I already had one of these in green and was hoping to get a matching one , even if a different color . I did not receive this planter . I received a substitute . When I went back to the website , it says they were out of the Mayan , so I assumed I could not get one . I kept the substitute , but I do not like it as well as the Mayan .
 Just finished cooking a chicken on this . It was hard to maintain a good temperature -LRB- today was about 70 degrees and sunny , almost no wind -RRB- and working on the coals through the small door is hard at best.So I do n't recommend this model . If your interested in a smoker , I 'd recommend moving up a level to a model that gives better access to the charcoal pan . I 'd return this model if I could but I do n't think they 'll take it back now that I 've used it - so I guess I 'm stuck with it . There is a video on `` youtube '' that shows a guy modify this to make it work for him , maybe I 'll try that.I also do n't like that the temperature gauge in it does n't give you the temperature . Instead it has 3 zones on it - warm , ideal and hot . Not very useful - so now I have to buy another gauge to tell me what the temperature is .
 Not what I expected an open bottom not good for smoking and no air vents to control you temp . No grates for air flow even just grillingI returned it .
 We live in Texas where there is a whole lot of smokin ' going on . On any given weekend , there is always someone around running their bbq rig and you can soon tell what wood they are using just by the smell.A few months ago I was returning home from work and there was a Brinkman Smoke'N Grill unit out front of someone 's house ; the word `` FREE '' was taped to the lid . I told my wife about it and she said `` go get it '' . When I returned it was gone . Easy come , easy go.Then , a few weeks later I saw it again in front of another house with the words `` FREE '' on it . This time I just stopped and grabbed it.I have used it 6 times - trying different wood & charcoal combo 's all with lack luster results . My findings are no different than others , but I will list them here ... 1 - Open bottom . Too much to go wrong here . No way to control the air and on breezy days you can watch the smoke -LRB- and heat -RRB- blow right out the bottom .2 - Shallow coal pan . You can not fit enough fuel in here to get any type of heat mass . This means that the cooking temp is consistently way too low . And even when you can get the temp right , it does not last for more that 20 minutes and then it drops down too low again . Even if you baby-sit this thing it is tough -LRB- too tough -RRB- to get a good temp maintained .3 - Coal pan too close to the water pan . Boy is it hard to add more fuel on this . It is actually dangerous not to mention frustrating .4 - Door too small . This adds insult to injury when you look at items 2 & 3.5 - Poor seal at the lid . Here again is another huge leak for heat .6 - No vents . This may sound minor when you consider # 5 above , BUT if this had a good seal at the lid , having vents would be needed to control the heat . Maybe Brinkman designers thought `` why bother '' when it came to vents - it does not get hot enough anyway .7 - A lot of minor stuff . . crappy handles -LRB- the wood dries out and falls off -RRB- , cheap-o thermometer -LRB- one step above guessing -RRB- , paint peels on the lid . . blah , blah , blahI tried to improve heat generation by drilling some holes in the coal pan . It helped a bit , but meant that I was adding fuel more frequently -LRB- re-visit items 2 & 3 above -RRB- . Even then , it was not enough to overcome other design flaws and now there are embers that drop to the ground . Not a problem for me as we have a large area of crushed granite in our backyard but this is not a good option for most others - and it was not an effective modification.Bottom-line - I have spent more time & money playing with this thing than it is worth . When you consider lost money on wood & charcoal , lost money on poorly cooked meats ; even free is not worth it . If you have these same issues and add in the cost of the unit new , then you might as well get something that costs a bit more but gets more consistent results.FYI - it was out in front of my house with the word `` FREE '' on it . It was gone within 30 minutes . Sounds like a bad penny to me .
 Save it all . I had one of these and it is full of engineering problems with all stated by the writers of these reviews , from charcoal and ash problems , no way to regulate the heat etc. . Here is what I did . I sold mine after cleaning it up with some high temp grill spray paint , -LRB- made it look like new -RRB- . Then , I added $ 5.00 to what I got for it and went on craigs list and bought the Brinkman Gourmet smoker . By first modifying the charcoal pan with three two inch bolts and buying some weber 13 1/2 inch grills -LRB- set cross wise one on the other -RRB- I eliminated the ash problem so that the fine ash only fall through the two grill grates . Then , I called weber and bought three dampers -LRB- they have nice dampers with lift two 90 degree handles -RRB- , installing two on the bottom of the gourmet itself and one on the lid . Then I went online and bought a nice Thermometer -LRB- you can get one from Wal-Mart for $ 17.00 -LRB- google Walmart -RRB- . You do need the water pan , helps with keeping meat moist so do n't eliminate it , but replace it with a bigger one by calling brinkman and ordering a charcoal pan that is used for this very brinkman here in this post , as it will hold two gallons of water which is almost one more gallon then what comes with the gourmet for a water pan . I can now easily load up using the Minion Method -LRB- google it -RRB- the charcoal pan , regulate my heat very easily with all three dampers and know exactly what my temperature is as opposed to the cheapo little gauage -LRB- which I left in -RRB- that only tells you IDEAL Hot and warm on its dial . I installed the tru-temp thermometer with a 3 inch stem above the door opening approx . 4 inches . This now gives me a smoker with a total cost in it of about $ 80.00 total , and completely comparable to the $ 300.00 weber 18 1/2 '' model . Google smoker modifications for more ideas and pictures.Pat the smoker in Nashville THE ONE NOT TO BUY IS BELOWBrinkmann 810-5301-6 Smoke'N Grill Charcoal Smoker and Grill , BlackTHE ONE TO BUY IS BELOW IF YOU WANT TO MODIFY IT IN TO A GREAT SMOKER !!!!!! -LSB- BUT DO NOT BUY THE ELECTRIC MODEL-CAN ' T REGULATE YOUR HEAT AND THE ELECTRICAL ROD MERELY GETS THE COALS GOING WHICH YOU CAN DO WITH A CHARCOAL CHIMNEY -RRB- -LSB- ASIN : B0002XK0IM Brinkmann 852-7080-V Gourmet Charcoal Smoker and Grill with Vinyl Cover , Black -RSB- -RSB-
 This product is dangerous and flimsy!There are several ways in which it is dangerous . Most importantly , it is a fire danger . There is a gap around the charcoal pan . If you use a chimney to start your charcoal , burning charcoal can bounce out of the pan and fall though the gap when you transfer charcoal from the chimney to the smoker . I had this happen with both briquettes and lump charcoal . Make sure you use this smoker only on a fire-proof surface with 2 feet clearance to anything flammable like your deck or grass ! Secondly , there are many sharp edges inside the smoker such as the support brackets for the grills . It is easy to cut yourself if you have to reach down into the smoker.I have never seen such a flimsy product before . Starting with the carton it shipped in and every piece of the smoker ! The carton was torn and misshapen . The body of the smoker had been slightly squashed so that it was elliptical rather than circular . The replacement survived shipping better but the grills were n't properly welded . Some of the bars were not attached to the rim.If you can accept those issues , you come up against the poor operating characteristics such as air flow , temperature control , difficulty adding fuel or water , etc that many other reviews describe in detail.The best thing I can say about this smoker is that it convinced me that the Weber smokers were worth the money .
 There are no vents to adjust airflow , or to allow smolder out rather than ruin your meat.If you 're trying a long smoke , you have to disassemble the entire thing to add coal , again ruining the temp of your smoker and the quality of your cook.If you 're trying a slow smoke , you have to stick your arms and face down inside the unit to pull out the coal and wood when the cook is over . This is a hazard to your arms , your face , your body hair , your clothing!Really , this product should not even be legal to sale .
 I bought the green one and put it together very easily . I waited a couple days and got ready with charcoal , lighter chimney , tongs , two whole fresh chickens which I marinated then when the time came , added rub seasoning to . Lit the chimney , filled the pan and when all was ready I poured the burning chimney coals on , put the top on , put the water pan in and filled it including three old Dos XX beers and put a foil packet of soaked apple wood chips on it then loaded a chicken on each grill just to try it . Could have handled four small whole birds on each of the two grilles . Covered it up and smoke began to come , the heat indicator said it was the right temp and I checked and added water in a couple hours and the last dead beer I had kept for friends . After an hour the chicken looked terrific and after about 3 it was done by the meat thermometer . Would have taken longer if the smoker was fully loaded no doubt but the meat was moist , flavorful and terrific . I let the coals continue and it had enough heat on a non windy day to go 8 full hours without adding briquettes though I did have to add more apple wood chips and water . After an hour or two of smoke you really do n't need more wood and I have since ordered wood chunks to soak ahead of time rather than using chips which are too small.Very satisfied . Compared to a big Green Egg , the Egg wins . Compared to the Egg 's price
 1 . Unit was incomplete -- middle rack supports missing from _ sealed _ parts bag inside _ sealed _ manufacturer carton . Had nine extra sets of screws and nuts , however , probably to make the bag pass a weight-test .800 parts number only open during business hours on weekdays , and no way to order missing parts on the Brinkmann website . General impression is shoddy QC , and no attempt to compensate by making obtaining missing parts easy .2 . No temperature control , and unregulated temperature way high for true barbecue smoking -LRB- should be 210-230F , was somewhere north of 300F -RRB- .3 . IF this unit had a thermostat , or some other intrinsic means of regulating the temperature , it might be OK . As it is , I am basically going to have to redesign it in order to make it minimally useful .4 . OTOH , it was cheap , -LRB- $ 59.95 US at Lowe 's -RRB- and even after enhancing it with extra parts -LRB- an oven thermostat -RRB- it will probably still cost less than than a `` real '' smoker.IF this unit had possessed competent temperature control and all of its parts , it would be a 4-5 star bargain . As it is , it is pretty awful .
 I ordered this item for my parents and had it sent directly to their house . After they had it mostly assembled , they realized the grill top has a dent in it and the water pan is dented and looks like it has been re-painted in places . Overall , the grill is still functional , but I am very disappointed to receive a damaged item -LRB- obviously not shipping damage -RRB- that was sold as NEW but looks more to be a fefurb . .
 I ordered one of these because we wanted to try smoking , but were n't ready to jump into a $ 300 + smoker . Our first foray into smoking was a huge hit , and the pork roast we smoked was delicious . Unfortunately , when I went to clean out the smoker the next day , I noticed there was already rust in the charcoal pan and the base . While I am sure I sloshed water when I refilled the drip pan and dripped when adding new woodchips , I certainly did n't think it was enough to result in the unit rusting after ONE USE ! Very frustrating .
 I AM REALLY UPSET . THIS `` GOURMET ' BRINKMANN SMOKER DID NOT COME WITH THE 2 GRIDS TO PLACE THE FOOD ON AND I PAID EXTRA TO HAVE THE COVER . IT DID NOT COME WITH THE COVER AND GRIDS . SO MUCH FOR THE TURKEY I WAS GOING TO SMOKE ON THANKSGIVING DAT.BRINKMAN 'S CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NON EXISTENCE SO NOW I AM STUCK WITH A USELESS SMOKER . I DEFINETLY WILL BUY THE MORE EXPENSIVWE OTHER BRAND SMOKER.I AM VERY DISAPOINTED WITH THIS PURCHASE. , WAA
 I 'm not happy with it at all . I wanted to smoke my pork loins at 180f , but it has no way to control the temperature , so it runs at 250f by design . The hotter it runs , the faster the meat is done , and the less smoke flavor it gets as a result.I should have looked more carefully at how it worked and what was included instead of just looking at the avg review number of stars .
 Received as a gift . Missing parts so I called customer service . No one answers . All done by recording . Sent request . Took forever to get an answer but finally received the part , 10 days later !!! Cooked the first time . Temperature never gets above 200 degrees and that is on a calm day with the outside temperature 78 degrees . Their customer service is AWFUL and the product is VERY DISSAPOINTING .
 It rusted out right away . The charcoal burned right through the metal in fact . Also , the temperature gauge broke within a few uses .
 I guess if all you want to do is smoke something and then put it on the grill or in the oven to cook it , it would do that , maybe . After having the Brinkman Green charcoal smoker for a couple years I got the red electric and used it one time and sold it on Craigs List . It does not get hot enough inside the tube to cook anything . Then I totally wised up and got the Brinkman Vertical Gas Smoker at home depot for one hundred fifty bucks and it is the best money I ever spent on an outdoor cooking device . I can make better BBQ than you can buy at any price with the Brinkman gas smoker . The red electric is just an exercise in total frustration . You would be better off sending me half the money you would pay for this and you would come out ahead by fifty bucks .
 Boxed without heating element . Lucky for us we decided to put it together a few days before we needed it .
 Item arrived in a `` box '' that had two sides missing . It 's a gift , so I 'm just hoping that all the parts are still with the product , which is assembly required !
 I am updating my original review and upgrading this product from 2 stars to FOUR STARS . The reason for the change is that I got the right charcoal pan from the manufacturer , and now it works much better.Below is my original review of the smoker -- to summarize , it came without two of the pans it was supposed to have , and it did n't cook very well.After posting my orignal review , I decided to drill 6 or 8 air holes in the original hole-less charcoal pan , in hopes that the coals would burn better . I was n't too thrilled with the result.Now , the manufacturer has sent me the missing charcoal pan and ash pan , and I have used the smoker once more -- I cooked a batch of beef that turned out very moist , tender , and tasty . Having the one hole in the middle of the charcoal pan , as the pan they sent me has , seems to be the trick -- the coals burned pretty well , keeping the middle rack around 250-270 degrees F with no water pan -LRB- Using the water pan seems to keep the temperature down too low -RRB- . The built-in thermometer reads in error about 50 degrees too cool -LRB- I checked it against the portable oven thermometer I normally keep in the electric oven -RRB- . With the right charcoal pan , I am happy with my Brinkmann smoker ! I hope the company gets these cookers out the door with the correct charcoal pan , because when it is set up correctly , it is exactly what it ought to be -- a versatile , competent , straightforward hot smoker for slow cooking practically any piece of meat to perfection . ------------------------- Original review ------------------------------------------- I bought a large Brinkman charcoal/water smoker the day before the recent holiday weekend . The instructions refer to an ` ash pan ' and a ` charcoal pan ' and a ` water pan ' . My smoker came with what amounts to two water pans , and no charcoal or pan or ash pan.I think the Brinkman smoker 's original design -LRB- not what they 're now putting in the box -RRB- was a tried-and-true design for backyard barbequeing . In fact , 15 years ago I owned a Smokey Joe charcoal/water smoker that could have been the prototype for the Brinkman -LRB- large cylindrical smoker with charcoal and water pan and two racks -RRB- . I would n't mind owning another Smokey Joe . Like the Smokey Joe , Brinkman 's original design features a couple of porcelain-coated racks sitting above a porcelain-coated pan of water . Then the water pan sits above a porcelain-coated charcoal pan that has a hole in the bottom of it . The hole is important ! It lets the rising heat of the charcoal draw fresh air into the fire . The hole also let ash fall out from the charcoal pan into the ash pan , which is waiting there to catch them , just below the charcoal pan . Smokey Joe and Brinkman are nearly identical in all respects of design , or I should say that the Brinkman owner manual describes something very similar to Smokey Joe.Unfortunately , Brinkman did not give us a charcoal pan with a hole in it . They put a white sticker over the picture of the pan in the manual . Once they decided not to put a hole in the charcoal pan , I guess they decided we would n't have much use for an ash pan , either . There is no ash pan in my Brinkman Smoker box.I faxed a request to Brinkman , asking for the missing pans , and scribbled a sympathetic note on the fax asking if they had supplier problems . They did n't respond after 4 business days -LRB- they promise a two-day response time -RRB- . So , I googled ` Brinkman smoker ' and read other owners ' comments about the pans that are supposed to , but do n't , come with the brinkman . One guy on a blog says he heard that Brinkman had liability issues with the pans because of Brinkman owners ' decks catching on fire when owners wisely held their barbeques -LRB- on -RRB- wooden ground . The coals dropped out of the pan and ignited their decks!But who knows , maybe the truth is something else , like maybe Brinkman infringed on somebody 's patented design for a charcoal/water smoker . Gee , what a rip-off to still be selling the design and not even giving buyers the hardware or the means to make it work.So anyway , I used the Brinkman Smoker for a meal during Labor Day weekend , It was pretty rough trying to get the coals to burn evenly . I started to drill a big hole or two in the pan , but then recalled the fate of my Smokey Joe -- it rusted out . Drilling holes would leave the pan with no protective porcelain around the edge of the holes . Drilling would initiate the rot in the charcoal pan . So I used it as bought , with the Brinkman charcoal/water smoker burning charcoal in a pan with no fresh air inlets under the fire . The charcoal does burns -LRB- start it in a charcoal chimney -RRB- but does not burn well for long , because the ahses accumulate in the pan and tend to smother the charcoal . I found live coals in the ashes of the charcoal pan two days after I smoked the meal ! I almost set my yard on fire by scattering the ash on my wild yard border.As an owner of this ill-conceived smoker , you can look forward to pulling the hot hot charcoal pan out of the smoker every couple of hours and carefully dumping the coals and ash out , and then re-gathering the red hot coals into the pan with fresh charcoal added . Have some ice handy to sooth any burned skin you get performing this feat.Yes , smoking food in the Brinkman , without the original pan design , is a big drag . So I called the Brinkman 1-800 number , and listened through their phone menu to where they ask you to send a fax instead of taking time with one of the busy customer service reps on the phone . As requested , I faxed my `` Missing Parts '' request for an ash pan and a charcoal pan . Brinkman says that will reply in email to Missing Parts faxes , within two business days . I am currently at 4 business days -LRB- and two faxes -RRB- , with no sign that Brinkman intends to live up to their Customer Service promises or to make the charcoal/ash pan problem right.I think I am probably going to shop around for a better value than the Brinkman . I will return it , used , to the people who sold it to me , since Brinkman apparently is n't even going to respond to my faxes , and I do feel entitled to more value for my money than I got with the Brinkman.The bottom line is that the smoker heat is very hot for a while , and can be adjusted with the vents to cook in the desired heat range , but then it cools w-a-y down as the ashes and the lack of circulating fresh air eventually suffocate the charcoal . I did make smoked meat from the brinkman , but the results were very embarrassing to me as the cook . The old Smokey Joe did much much better and required only a fraction of the time and effort needed by the Brinkman for the cook to tend the fire , watch the meat , etc.That 's my $ .02 worth , hope it helps someone make a good decision and get value if they buy a charcoal/water smoker . Good Luck ~ !
 I purchased this for my husband for Father 's Day . He was so excited to receive , having wanted to try a smoker for a while now . He opened box immediately and began putting together . As noted in other reveiws , he did have to pop the side back together . Towards completing assembly he noted that he was missing some parts . He contacted company next day . He was told it would take a couple of weeks to receive parts . It is now middle of August and we have not received parts . The parts we are missing are essential to the completion of assembly for use , so we have a smoker thatwe have not been able to use yet.I held off posting my reveiw , awaiting arrival of parts ... 6 weeks , no parts , and unable to use smokerI give them one star for supplying metal in a box painted the color it was supposed to be and for having somebody answer the phone at customer service ... now if somebody could actually ship those 5 pieces we are missing I would be a bit more satisfied .
 Although I have previously owned a similar Brinkman Elcetric Smoker with a temp control dial and a thermometer , this new smoker appears to have been designed and built by people who have virtually no idea of the word craftsmanship . Besides having a missing part from the sealed plastic bag , I had to bend all three handles so I could line up the pre-drilled screw holes . I had to jerryrig a missing V clip -- a support for the water pan . Because of all this , it took more than two hours to assemble . Shoddy workmanship , no temp gage , and no heat control make it a reach for me to even give this smoker two stars .
 Do n't buy this smoker . For a few additional $ $ , it 's worth it to purchase a smoker with an adjustable thermostat and a built-in thermometer . I just assumed that the smoker had an adjustable thermostat that turns the heating element on when needed and off when it 's too hot . My mistake . When you smoke foods , the temperature needs frequent adjusting , especially when adding wood chips to provide the delicious flavor that smoking requires . This smoker has no adjustment , so the temperature often flares to 350 degrees or so when a chip ignites in the base of the smoker , even if you 've pre-soaked the wood and tried not to place the chips on the heating element . When you 've had temperatures that range from 200-350 over a few hours , you get an inconsistent cooking period and a meal that will disappoint you . To make things worse , one flare-up caused the water in the bowl to boil over over the heating element , and the whole thing shorted and blew a fuse . After that , I could n't get it to work at all .
 I purchased this smoker to replace the `` Cooking Cajun '' smoker that I had used for over 20 years before it finally rusted out and became unusable . This smoker which is supposedly a `` step above '' in quality from the `` Cooking Cajun '' is much `` tinnier '' and does not fit together tightly . There is actually a gap of about 1/4 inch around the top and the body . The steel is also of a MUCH thinner gauge.My recommendation , shop at a retail store first before ordering any smoker from Amazon . On the positive side , shipping was fast .
 The smoker came with a bent handle that i had to straighten out and one of the grill prongs is not attached on one side . Very disappointing , I love the smoker and it works great , but buy it from the brinkmann website
 The smoker is much larger than it appears on the advertisement so make sure you have room for it . Mine came with the shipping box in shreds and the product was dented and damaged ; I returned it and as usual , Amazon was very efficient in handling the process immediately .
 I agree with the above reviews . I am using it as we speak -LRB- Thanksgiving 07 -RRB- & it sucks . It is hot for about an hour , then drops off . I will be fighting it all day . I 'm sure that we will end up outting the bird in the oven .
 I got this from warehouse deals last October 2011 and I did not have the chance to open this till January that I realized there were several missing parts !! Its too late to return this now !
 i have not recieved my pacakge yet , but they claim they send it and it was delievered?not sure what to do ?
 Received the house in perfect condition and now have it hanging on my balcony waiting for the new owners to move in.I like that it does n't have a peg sticking out from below the entrance hole , this prevents predator birds perching andhaving a chance to see what potential dinner is inside.Unfortunately , the whole thing is securely nailed together , I can not find anyway to remove the base as mentioned in the descriptionabove . This means it is likely a ` one-use ' bird home , as once the chicks are born , the birds will abandon the nest , leaving mewith a bird house full of ` old furniture ' which new owners will not find attractve .
 Buy these gloves , but not from CrazyDaves . Advertised as `` One dozen Atlas Grip 310 Gloves '' , but really only one pair of gloves . These sell for less than $ 8 per pair at the highest retail price . They are ripping you off !
 This product is extremely poor quality . Too bad Gilmour 's hose fittings are not as good as their hoses . The guage of the `` brass '' is about the same thickness as the metal on a pencil eraser -LRB- okay , maybe not that thin , but you get my point -RRB- . When I attached it to my new 250 ft Gilmour 8 guage hose , water squirted everywhere . I tried to reattach it with pliers again but the water kept spurting out , but not quite as heavily . I came back an hour later only to find that the fitting completely fell off the end of the hose and my yard was saturated . I then went to Ace Hardware and got a good fitting made of a heavier guage metal that fits on the hose much more securely . It works like a charm . Avoid Gilmour hose fittings at all cost - they need to stick with water hoses rather than fittings .
 I almost ordered 20 of these hose fittings at $ 1.77 each , a total of $ 35.40 which is a very good price . Just before I hit the `` buy it '' button I noticed that shipping and handling was over $ 17 . We 're talking hose fittings here ; little things that go on the end of garden hoses . This is a sucker play by Amazon and/or the underlying business and the reason I do n't go to Amazon unless I ca n't find an item somewhere else . So if the price is too good to be true , be real careful before you actually buy it because that 's where they get you.P.S . the price actually started out at $ 1.93 when I looked at it the first time this evening . The second time I looked at it the price droped to $ 1.77 . Now that what I call making the hook bounce .
 Works on Broad leaf Plants . Not so much on grass . This product has little affect on st Augustine or Bermuda grass . Best for new weeds sprouting but not if they have matured .
 I recently re-landscaped my yard and needed an organic pre-emergent for planter areas . About 4 weeks later we now have clovers , grasses , and weeds popping up everywhere . Regretting not just using a chemical pre-emergent now .
 Bought this product primarily for its pre-emergent qualities and secondarily as a fertilizer . However , the birds appear to love it so much that in a few days I do n't think anything will be left for the yard . Happy birds , sad lawn .
 Really cheap product metal so thin I thought I would put my fingers through it before I had it assembled China Junk same old story .
 THIS PLANT DOLLY WAS A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT !! NO SWIVEL OR DOLLY TO IT , JUST MAKES BLACK MARKS ON THE FLOOR IF YOU FORCE IT TO MOVE !! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!
 I wanted a flag pole I could remove every night . Well it was removeable however I went outside one afternoon , and my flag was on the ground . The pole collapsed and the top fell apart . Dont waste your money here .
 I bought two of this model danner pump , and one of danner 's previous design . the first -LRB- previous model one -RRB- lasted about a year . The cage that prevents clogging on the first one was well designed , and structurally integrated into the pump . The pump eventually died , but i did n't have any problem with it before it died . The second also lasted about a year , but was aweful . The third i bought for my brother for his pond , and while still running after about 10 months , the prefilter has collapsed and had to be replaced . The problem is the prefilter that fits over the intake . the new design they are using looks like a silencer on a gun , which is cool looking , but it collapses in on itself because some genius decided to make a decent pump , and rather than pay an extra dollar for quality hard plastic , they threw something flimsy and worthless on as an afterthought . After several dozen times of climbing into the pond to unclog -LRB- and disasemble the pump to do so -RRB- it finally broke . I understand that this is n't the top end pump , but it is n't the bottom end model either . And what really anoys me , is the pump itself is good , but it needs the prefilter on it , and the prefilter makes the entire thing a waste of money . I just bought an $ 80 pump online that pumps just as much water . It looks like a sump pump , and probably wont last past its 1 year warranty , but it is n't clogging , and is a structurally sound design . I will never buy another pump made by danner again , and have advised others not to either . For a pump that is only going to last a year , just to be thrown away and replaced , these are over priced , and do n't even work well for the year that they are working .
 The impeller broke the second week I had it . Now I have to resource a new impeller from somewhere . Actually , it never worked that great initially , so I 'm fairly confident they shipped the unit with a cracked or broken impeller .
 I bought this for my return pump for my 90 gallon tank and was also using it to fill that tank and broken before I finished . I replaced the pump and a month later -LRB- this week -RRB- I got shocked pretty bad and I assumed it was my heater so I took it out and left in my other one . Next morning the pump died and the water was extremely hot so I assumed it over heated and I put it in a bucket with cold water and it still did n't run , I gave it a hour and tried again and it worked however I did notice black flakes in the water before and checked the seal and it looked very cut up and worn so I checked the voltage in the water bucket while it was running with my multimeter and there was 115 volts in the water . This pump not only almost killed my fish by not letting them get heat -LRB- heaters in the sump -RRB- but almost fried me and them . I just bought a sicce and never plan on going back to danner
 The pump is loud and would not restart after just 4 month of use . Would not recommend as a sump pump .
 I thought it was the complete set when I purchase it but if you have the frame now for it let me know cos i ca n't used that tarp with out the frame but is most all my fault by not paying attention to the web pagebut if i would it know that it was just the replacement tarp my local store has it for 40 dollars less
 The replacement on arrived on time . The quality appears to be good . However , when ordering this item from other vendors in the past they always came with bungee cord tie downs to secure the top . This company sends the top with nothing . I had to go find another vendor to purchase the tie downs , then they did n't fit well . This additional purchase did n't make this a good deal . Last time to buy from Shelter Logic . I will go back to my original vendor .
 Very POOR customer service . Last year I had to return an item that was not what it was advertised to be . They gave me hell , but in the long run , I finally did receive credit for my return . This year , I ordered a 22 ' x 24 ' equine run-in , paid $ 2,103.11 for this item , and received only PART of the package two weeks leter . I called them to ask about the missing pieces , which they confirmed were not sent -LRB- their bad -RRB- , and that they would immediately send out the remaining parts . Had to call again to ask where they are , oops ... missing the promised shipping date . At this point I want to return the original INCOMPLETE package , and receive a full credit of my money . They tell me that `` I '' have to pay for the return shipping costs ... for a package that weighs 685 lbs , and is going coast to coast . I refuse to pay the return shipping for an issue that is THEIR mistake ... their error ... their incompetence.BAD company to deal with . The product , if you can get the entire package as advertised , is a good product ... made in China . The product does work , but the company selling the product is iffy at best . Be cautious dealing with Shelter Logic.Michael L. , Tenino , WA .
 This replacement tarp wo n't fit your frame , if it 's not a Shelter Logic frame . It is cut too small . Plus , and this is what I hated most , it does not have any grommets on the ends . The ends of the tarp are held in place only by the drawstring over the frame . Assuming you can get it over the ends of the frame , as it is also too short.Unless you have exactly this frame , from this company , do n't buy this tarp !
 I 'm returning this item because it is just not as nice as the Sky Chair brand we bought at an art & wine festival several years ago . The fabric smells toxic and the comfort/cut is just not right .
 We bought a couple of these chairs several years ago and loved them . After about 10 years in the weather and lots of use , it was time to replace . From what I could tell , these were the same I had before -- but the company name had changed slightly . I ordered 2 , and sent one back because the knot on one side was improperly tied and and it would n't hang straight when you sat in it . When I got the replacement , there is no knot at the top -- just one continuous rope that slides around -- same for the foot rest -- which is shorter than in the picture . It still does not consistently hold it 's position when you sit in it -- the sides slide , so you end up sitting up straighter . I noticed that they are now manufactured in China -- do n't know if that has anything to do with it . The quality and workmanship is much poorer and it is not as comfortable as my old ones . I will keep these for a couple of years , but plan on replacing with another brand -- I will pay more to get something of quality that I do not have to fight every time I want to sit in it . I would not recommend these . The Sky chairs are very expensive -- hopefully there is something out there with the old quality and workmanship that is a reasonable price . --
 Not as comfortable as the original . Spend a little more and buy one that lasts , I will next time .
 I thought it was the complete set when I purchase it but if you have the frame now for it let me know cos i ca n't used that tarp with out the frame but is most all my fault by not paying attention to the web pagebut if i would it know that it was just the replacement tarp my local store has it for 40 dollars less
 The replacement on arrived on time . The quality appears to be good . However , when ordering this item from other vendors in the past they always came with bungee cord tie downs to secure the top . This company sends the top with nothing . I had to go find another vendor to purchase the tie downs , then they did n't fit well . This additional purchase did n't make this a good deal . Last time to buy from Shelter Logic . I will go back to my original vendor .
 Very POOR customer service . Last year I had to return an item that was not what it was advertised to be . They gave me hell , but in the long run , I finally did receive credit for my return . This year , I ordered a 22 ' x 24 ' equine run-in , paid $ 2,103.11 for this item , and received only PART of the package two weeks leter . I called them to ask about the missing pieces , which they confirmed were not sent -LRB- their bad -RRB- , and that they would immediately send out the remaining parts . Had to call again to ask where they are , oops ... missing the promised shipping date . At this point I want to return the original INCOMPLETE package , and receive a full credit of my money . They tell me that `` I '' have to pay for the return shipping costs ... for a package that weighs 685 lbs , and is going coast to coast . I refuse to pay the return shipping for an issue that is THEIR mistake ... their error ... their incompetence.BAD company to deal with . The product , if you can get the entire package as advertised , is a good product ... made in China . The product does work , but the company selling the product is iffy at best . Be cautious dealing with Shelter Logic.Michael L. , Tenino , WA .
 This replacement tarp wo n't fit your frame , if it 's not a Shelter Logic frame . It is cut too small . Plus , and this is what I hated most , it does not have any grommets on the ends . The ends of the tarp are held in place only by the drawstring over the frame . Assuming you can get it over the ends of the frame , as it is also too short.Unless you have exactly this frame , from this company , do n't buy this tarp !
 This shade sail was disappointing . It was so curved in on the sides that it did n't give enough shade . Wasted money on this product . They look good in pics but are n't really shade friendly . Where we live there is a lot of wind and it was always flapping and actually blew down a couple of times . The wind can do havoc with them .
 Cool-aroo concept here , but needs much consideration before buying . I have a patio that is 16 X 27 . I figured if I hung this thing about 9 to 10 feet about one side of it I would get about 33 % shade . Well they fail to tell you that the sail is an acute triangle -LRB- although the picture looks slightly like it -RRB- . The coverage is very poor and requires you to pair it up with another one or two ; but then you have to sink more poles if you do n't have other structures to attach to.So I gave it two stars based off the fact they try really hard to sell you the overall concept in one sail . Two or more is definitely needed.The quality of the product is good . The fabric seems really durable and they corner rings are strong.In the end , I returned it . It just was n't for me ; and did n't want to sink more poles off my patio .
 Cheap $ 85 price is offset by $ 51 shipping and handling fee . Ends up costing MORE than the same item sold for $ 120 elsewhere on Amazon with free shipping .
 i ordered the coolaroo shade sail thinking this was going to funk-up my backyard and make it look hip and modern . I had seen it in a pic of a friend 's backyard and it looked great . I had a hard time determining the right size - on the online info there were no recommendations that i could find regarding suitable sizing of sail to space , and even when i received it it was n't clear what the size was , so i had to try to pull all 16ft around the backyard to figure out how to hang it . It was too big for my yard in the end and after spending 78 dollars to have it shipped to Canada , i gave it to my parents to use . I was surprised by the fabric - very plastic and synthetic looking , not canvas-y as I expected.Overall , I was disappointed with the whole thing , though it may just have been due to my high expectations as I know there were lots of positive even raving reviews I had read online . good luck w your shade sail ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 i do n't really know how the product is . After reading more detailed information included with the product , it says not recommended for the pool because the clorine could effect/shorten the product life . It seems that the ad shows the coolaroo shade being used next to the pool . And that 's what we bought it for . Not sure what to do with them now - still siting in the box next to the door gathering dust ... . Oh , well . i 'm sure its a great product , just not for us .
 The shade is okay , but the company sent the wrong item at first , and then took almost 6 weeks to make it right .
 I purchased this gas can November 2008 . I am very sorry I bought it . Besides leaking at the nozzle when I pour gas from it the bottom of the gas can has rounded out just sitting on my garage floor . It has rounded so bad that I have to lean it against the garage wall for it stand up otherwise it would fall over . I keep it full at all times . I am not sure why this happened but I am disappointed in Briggs and Stratton . I expected better quality from such a company . I would not recommend this gas can . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 Found that after a few months , the shape of the can rounded , making it near impossible to place flat on any surface . Also , the nozzle worked well for the first few times , then it would no longer slide to allow gas to flow . The maker replaced the nozzle , it failed too after the first time I stored the fuel.Tried everything I could to get the nozzle to operate as designed -LRB- force , soaking in soapy water , WD 40 -RRB- nothing worked.Poorly designed , unsafe , save your money .
 I bought this can because I was trying hard to find a can that would be airtight . This gas can did briefly accomplish that for the duration/use of its first filling . On the second filling it did not seal properly , after some effort I managed to get it to seal again . Later on , during the course of using this second filling , it would not stop pouring completely when the handle was released , but I figured I could live with this since I could still seal it tightly after pouring . The third filling of this gas can was end game , it leaked from the sides of the nozzle itself as I was pouring gas . This could not be stopped , nor could I get an airtight seal any longer . I drained the can and found that part of the spout assembly -LRB- a round plastic seal -RRB- had fallen or broken off . It could not be reassembled in a manner that would make it work , seal or last for more than a few seconds . The nozzle design is flawed , in my opinion , and this can should be avoided .
 I 'm so angry at myself for purchasing this can . I purchased it because I got sick and tired of smelling like gasoline for the remainder of the day every time I mowed the lawn and had to gas up my mower . My old can had a leak in the nozzle resulting in gasoline spilling on my hands , shoes and in some cases clothing . I was unable to get the smell out as gasoline pretty much gets into everything . I figured , I would purchase a new can as opposed to trying to find a replacement nozzle and I went with this one because it was advertised as `` spill proof . '' boy was I misled . The nozzle is n't the right size as a result gasoline spills out of the bottom of the can as well as from the nozzle regardless of how I position the can as a result ... . well you guessed it , I still have to deal with gasoline spilling on the ground , getting on my shoes and clothing and spilling all over my brand new lawn mower . I have some serious regrets about buying this can and feel swindled . and lied to .
 We bought two of these cans to use with the premium gas used in our scooters . Even when completely full they are still light enough to handle easily , they do n't spill a drop and the gas comes out just slow enough that I do n't overfill the tanks . The spout has a hook on it that goes on the lip of the vehicles gas tank . You click on a plastic ring on the cap to allow the spout to be depressed and the gas is dispensed . Release the downward pressure and it shuts off without spilling a drop . They also are just transparent enough that I can see how full they are . Unfortunately the plastic dispensing mechanism is n't very durable and they broke within a year or two .
 works ok , but the chicken dripping caught fire on the bottom and I had a big grease fire . The smoke affected the chicken and caused the taste to be so so . I am not real thrilled about this product .
 I bought this to test the alkalinity of my water . I could have just used some red food coloring instead .
 Not only do the ThermaCell instructions say it must be kept horizontal , but they also say you should never carry it around on your person , or even breathe the fumes . Use of this holster goes against all the manufacturer warnings . Also , the faceplate on the ThermaCell gets hot , so I would n't think you 'd want to risk a burn by carrying it in a holster . In theory it makes sense , but I 've decided against using it .
 I Exspected a holster that had a belt so that you could wear this piece of garbage.WHAT I got was a strap that would not even fit on one leg , and if you read the instructions it is not to be worn vertically .
 seems to deter flying insects , but only works in conditions of stillness or almost no wind .
 I ordered this product at the end of May for my husband for Father 's Day and now it is July 3rd and I still have not received it ! I did get the `` carry case '' for the product , but nothing to put in the carrying case or a replacement cartridge for the actual unit . I will NOT be ordering from amazon again as I am frustrated with the `` quality '' of service they have provided me . As a result of all this , my husband did not get his Father 's Day gift and now I have to go through the hassle of finding somewhere else to order and he will not get it until the end of July now ... would have been nice to be able to use this all this time . Very disappointed !
 This is not exactly what i received , The Pictured is inaccurate . It is a slim belt clip holster . Product works just fine , just more upset that they are visually miss representing the product they are actually selling .
 I would not recommend this product . It does not work . Even using three times the concentration , this product does not work . I purchased this product because at their recommeded dosage , it seemed like a good deal . How wrong I was . Next time , I 'll just pay for Round Up , the $ 34.00 for one quart . Round Up does work .
 I bought two of these hoses for RV use . I liked that they stored easily . Within the year one hose developed a pinprick leak and the other a bulge . Hoses were always used with a pressure regulator to protect both the hose and the RV . Went back to using a previous other brand hose which I used now over 5 years .
 Light weight material , with normal ligth wind it bent , I try two different ones , and with the two the same problem
 its ok not very good quality seems rushed to be put together really cheap string started unwinding by its self somewhat disapointed with u guys .
 I love this product and have used it for a while . I received the package with the clonex open and spilled all over the remainder of the shipment . What a mess .
 Republic Act No. 8491 of the Philippines states the following : `` SECTION 10 . The flag , if flown from a flagpole , shall have its blue field on top in time of peace and the red field on top in time of war ; if in a hanging position , the blue field shall be to the right -LRB- left of the observer -RRB- in time of peace , and the red field to the right -LRB- left of the observer -RRB- in time of war . `` Not many people know this when the flag is in a hanging position , which side should be where . But keep in mind , that this flag is inverted . This would be correct if the country is at war , but it is not .
 This product is slow and does n't do a great job cleaning a pool . Buyer beware .
 This flag is so thin that in the sun you can see right through it.Would not buy again and return cost was approximately the same as the flag cost . .
 Well we loved this chair , used it on the porch , at the beach . First off , the snack tray broke off - ok not a big lost , still enjoyed the chair . Then one day my husband sat in the chair and went to recline and it literally broke-he fell back on his back and head . Fortunately he did n't get really hurt . This was returned . Thank you for the good customer service Amazon !
 Purchased arrived damaged . Chair seems nice but bought two and one is broken and they are now out of stock . and will be a hassle to return because they are so bulky
 Save your money this is a useless piece of junk that offers no security . Shop on for any security .
 I did not like this window flag because it does not stick on my window ! I wasted money because I can not use it ! I really would like a refund or someone to fix it !
 Looking for a rolling ice cooler ... . The picture is right but the name of the item is wrong `` Bliss Hammocks BHC-414BK Metro Hammock Chair '' So I do n't know if I will be purchasing the cooler -LRB- which what I am looking for -RRB- or a hammock.From what I can see Hammock does not make ice coolers . . Bliss Hammocks BHC-414BK Metro Hammock Chair ... . looking for a rolling ice cooler not a hammock
 I 've used the Gilmour Flexogen hoses for years with complete satisfaction so when I ordered this hose it never crossed my mind that it would not be a quality product . I would have liked to have seen the look on my face the first time I used this hose ! At low pressure its fine , but if you put a nozzle or cut off on the end and let the pressure build ... holy cow ! I watched in amazement as the hose swelled larger and larger and writhed on the ground like a live thing . Very creepy . Apparently in making it drinking water safe they did n't use enough tire cord to keep its shape . Hose gets stiff and totally unwieldy . Swells like a hotdog on the grill . Its hard to describe but suffice to say compared to a `` normal '' hose its practically unusable . The Apex Neverkink drinking water hose also sold by Amazon is much better and holds its shape/diameter .
 The hose started out working great , but within 2 days a few of the holes at the beginning and end of the hose got so large that they cause flooding near those areas .
 Worked fine for the first month and a half then developed holes that sprayed large areas and reduced the pressure in the rest of the hose so they no longer sprayed an even pattern .
 The hose lasted 2 hours and then split right down the middle . Two weeks ago I purchased a 50 foot hose from the same company and it lasted 2 days . I have never seen any cheaper plastic in my 84 years on this planet . The Gilmore advertises that if a customer is unhappy he should send the product back and they will replace it at no cost . How about the shipping cost . If these two hoses are an indication of the products from Gilmore my advice is to disassociate from them completely .
 There 's a new version of this hose . Changed are the crimped hose ends which now provide proper stress relief . Also changed is the material the hose is made from which is now dark green and opaque . Gilmour must have had many failures with the old design.This is a review of the older clear green vinyl design -LRB- avoid like the plague ! -RRB- Warning
 My sprinkler hose exploded the first time I used it . It was unable to withstand the water pressure supplied by the city I live in .
 I bought two of these from Amazon . Initially they worked fine but within several weeks a sprinkler hole near the end of the hose enlarged to the point the rest of the hose lose pressure . DO NOT BUY THIS HOSE UNLESS YOU LIKE THROWING YOUR MONEY AWAY !!!
 The hose is amazing . In general , a normal hose should have only 2 `` holes , '' however , Gilmour 3 Tube Sprinker & Shoaker hose has at least 5 . As a result , while I 'm washing my car , I can clean the street as well . Highly recommended for multiple purpose .
 When you have connected it to the mioan faucet , the pressure in the holes at the beginning is very high that it results in a shower-like throw , whereas at the end , there is not enough pressure to even allow water to soak out . 50 ' is too much for this design . 25 ' would work like it is supposed to .
 You buy a flat sprinkler hose to layout a uniform flow of water to both sides of the hose . Not this one . All the holes face one direction . Big holes at both ends and small holes in the middle . I 'm glad I did not throw out my old hose . I 'm going to fix it . Better than this new garbage .
 I laid out the hose a week before and noticed today that there is a 10mm hole developed in the hose for no apparent reason . I can send the picture of the pipe is customer service needs it . I am yet to contact CS but the hose is not worth it .
 If you ca n't set a timer and expect a hose to work , then you are not buying a hose , but a piece of junk . The first day at the hose ends a tear started inside as the support ridges tore from the top and bottom , causing the ends to balloon up like a weenie balloon . This got worse with each use until it got about 8 inches from the brass ends . The holes enlarged so big that water jetted out there and little elsewhere . I have owned 3 flat sprinkler soaker hoses in my life . Each one was the harder green material and not clear like this . Each lasted about 10 years . I think the plastic is too soft , and the clear only compounds the problem as water gets hot inside making the plastic even more soft . I would not recommend buying this unless you wanted to hang yourself , because that would be a soft touch .
 I first purchased 3 of these soaker hoses a couple of years ago with great success . However , in the last year I have purchased 2 more and they have sprung leaks at the beginning and end , just as others have reported . Waste of money .
 THE GILMOUR SOAKER HOSE IS A LOOSER . I BOUGHT TWO OF THEM AND WITHIN THE FIRST TEN DAYS , THE FIRST ONE FAILED IN THE SAME FASHION AS DESCRIBED IN PREVIOUS REVIEWS.IT DEVELOPED LARGE HOLES AT EITHER END RESULTING IN HUGE QUANTITIES OF WATER THAT WASHED AWAY THE SOIL . I HOOKED UP THE SECOND ONE WITH THE SAME RESULT IN TWO WEEKS . IN VIEW OF THE FACT THAT MY WATER PRESSURE IS A TIMID 40 LBS , THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR THIS KIND OF FAILURE . THE LIFETIME GUARANTEE IS EQUALLY AS BAD . YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO CUT OFF THE ENDS OF THE HOSE AND SEND IT TO THEM AND THEY WILL SEND YOU A NEW ONE . IT WILL COST ME NEARLY THE VALUE OF THE HOSE TO SEND THE ENDS BACK TO THEM AND AND THEN ALL I HAVE IS ANOTHER HOSE THAT WILL FAIL.SAVE YOURSELF THE TIME AND AGGRAVATION AND TAKE A PASS ON THESE HOSES .
 Hose has a split at input end of hose , it blows up large and most water leaks out from there , more water leaks out then goes through the sprinkler hose . product is basically usless .
 These hoses are very flimsy . Very cheaply made.The `` lifetime warranty '' is only good if you jump through a bunch of hoops that are not stated on the packaging.The company address on the packaging is not their current address.I am very disappointed with these hoses .
 I 've owned three of these sprinkler hoses . The last one lasted a month . I orderer a Flexon sprinkler hose and it cost a couple of dollars more , but seems to be much better !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
 This product is of such poor quality that even following the procedures of slowly turning on the water the products holes began to enlarge and the hoses would no longer work . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I do n't know WHO decided to take this type of sprinkler out of the garden centers but they are no longer available - at least in the Dallas area . So - I purchased this one on the internet . Carefully laid it out in the garden and turned it on . Apparently the hose was damaged - water began spurting out of two large holes - one at each end of the hose . Water could still come out of the much smaller holes but the two large holes can not be controlled . A waste of money and time . Gilmour - what kind of product are you producing ??
 Looks like everyone says the same thing ... After just one use of this hose , it developed a huge hole on the back side -LRB- not the side with the holes -RRB- ... So now it can not be used at all because the force of the water coming out this huge hole will dig a huge hole in my flower bed ... I DO NOT recommend this product !
 Purchased 2 of these hoses , both have sprung leaks after a couple of uses . Really low quality plastic . Do n't waste your money on these .
 Item failed after a month . Returned for credit . Amazon cust svc was excellent .
 We used this to sprinkle on particular area only . We would move it only for weekly mowing . It lasted but a month or so before it sprung a significant leak making it unusable . We had bought two and the second faired no better .
 This poor hose builds up so much pressure at the head end that the holes tear there , resulting in a fountain at the front and no pressure to the rest of the hose . I got about a week 's worth of use out of the product . So , essentially , fourteen dollars to rent this disposable hose for a week .
 I used this sprinkler hose for the first time today . It sprung a huge leak at the hose attachment end and when I repaired that , it started another huge leak at the other end . I am very disappointed in this Gilmore product !
 I did n't believe the reviews that said this edger was difficult to start and purchased it anyway . Right out of the box it was very , very difficult to start . I used it two times and both times I pulled the starter so many times the starter rope showed signs of wear and the engine did n't even sound like it wanted to start . I tried numerous things ... checked the spark plug gap , air cleaner , fresh gasoline , primed it more , and nothing will start it . I am very sorry I did n't listen to the previous reviews . I ca n't believe Troy Bilt would make such a piece of junk and that Briggs and Stratton , who is the largest small engine manufacturer in the United States , would make such an engine . I thought perhaps Troy Bilt or Briggs and Stratton would recall it or offer some advice , but they have not owned up to it . I am taking it to the shop tomorrow after only two uses to see if they can correct it . Otherwise , I am throwing it away and writing it off as a bad experience with Troy Bilt and will never purchase another one of their products .
 I will agree with many others on this site . The unit is hard to start and will not run after a short operating time . The reason is the carburetor . The thing is poorly designed and Troy-Bilt and Briggs & Stratton will not stand behind this product.The unit comes with a two year warranty which is one reason I bought it . But when it does not start or run and you take it in they will tell you it is a carburetor problem and that it is your fault for using bad / dirty gas . They will not honor the warranty . The same gas that runs your mower , weed whacker , chain saw , pressure washer and generator just fine . They also fail to mention that the gas cap is indeed vented . The usual repair charge is $ 60 but after only getting 6 difficult starting uses in less than 6 months I returned it for a refund.I have never received such rude customer service as I did from Troy-Bilt . Something tells me they are used to hearing about the poor performance of this unit.Caveat EmptorI am looking at a McClane now .
 I bought this edger from a local retailer and had it about a month when it started cutting out and sputtering for no reason . It refused to start at all shortly thereafter . There are lots of reports that this edger does not do well with ethanol fuel . Ours is 10 % ethanol which is supposed to work according to the manufacturer 's recommendation . I 'd stay away from this one .
 This is the worst example of Troy Built I 've ever seen . My Dad purchased this edger thinking it would easily handle our larger corner yard . Not so . The blade arm is not secured sturdily enough to the body of the edger so it continuously bounces up and down and side-to-side . The bouncing causes the blade to cut into the plastic blade guard - then it stalls . Finding a metal blade guide to replce the plstic one with is impossible . The curb wheel is difficult to let down - it basically takes both hands . And it takes a LOT of pulls to get it started.Not worth the time , effort or money . Big disappointment !
 I bought this unit less than 3 months ago and now it wo n't start . I 've tried everything I could think of and brought it to a repair center and they want $ 150 to repair it ! They say the carb is shot and needs to be replaced . I 've only used pure -LRB- no ethanol -RRB- gas so I do n't know how that happened . I think I 'll save my money and throw this thing in the trash !
 Worked 1st 2 times very well now I have to push the primer bulb for 5-10 min for it to warm up . Then I can edge with it and stop pushing the primer bulb . I have never used old gas in this unit and have only used it 5 times sine I bought it last year.UPDATE : I added a manual throttle control to replace the auto throttle on the carburetor now it starts 1st pull every time . I spent around $ 5 for it with the cable .
 I still Purchased after reading all the bad reviews and it was one big mistake . The unit was packaged so badly it almost fell out of the box when I picked it up . Luckily is was only shipped from 50 miles away so there was little handling involved and little time for shipping damage to occur . After assembling , adding oil and gas I went to pull the rope to start the engine and it would not budge an inch . I can not believe it was allowed to come out of the factory like that . Of course it can not be returned and actually is n't worth it to fix so Amazon customer service told me to donate to someone and they would ship out a replacement . Hoping for better luck this time around.Just got the replacement today and this unit has the same problem.Update : Both were damaged in transit . Both recoils were smashed . I was given a complete refund .
 I purchased this unit at Lowes on 3/18/2009 to replace a worn-out Craftsman unit that was 20 years old . I purchased the Troy-Built because of prior satifaction with another Troy-Built product , a backpack leaf blower.I was disappointed with several features of this product after I got it home and tried to use it . 1 -RRB- As others have commented , the engine is quite reluctant to start , requiring much more priming than the manual would lead you to believe . 2 -RRB- There is no choke or throttle control . 3 -RRB- There is no blade clutch which means that the bail has to be held at all times for the engine to start or run , and the blade is turning at all times that the engine is running . 4 -RRB- The blade turns forward which means that it tends to pull the tool away from the operator , making control more difficult since the operator is pushing the tool at the same time the blade is pulling it . 5 -RRB- The first time I used the tool , it threw the belt ; re-installing it was more tedious than necessary . 6 -RRB- The right rear wheel is intended to be height adjustable so as to control the angle when edging along a curb . This adjustment requires pulling a metal finger in-ward with one hand while the right rear of the tool is raised off of the ground , presumably gravity would then pull the wheel downward to the proper placement . My example , required a hammer to attempt to knock the wheel into the next notch . This technique also requires either two people or three hands . It can not be done two handed.Overall , this was not what I expected from a company with a reputation as good as Troy Built . It is possible that I just got a bad unit , but having successfully returned to Lowe 's with no hassle at all , I think that I will shop around some more to find the features that I think are necessary .
 I purchased the Troy-Bilt 158cc Briggs & Stratton 500 Series Gas Powered Lawn Edger . The order was fulfilled by Amazon . When it arrived , the box was a bit banged up but not bad enough in my opinion to refuse delivery . A day later I opened the box ... I was shocked how badly it was packed . No filling , no stuffing , just the bare edger floating in a thin box with no paperwork -LRB- no owners manual , no warranty , nothing -RRB- . I also noticed the pull start assembly on top was deformed - most likely due to the packaging , no telling how many times it bounced around on its way to me . So I attempted to dry start the unit ; shocks ; it would n't even turn.When I contacted Amazon , they told me no return on this unit . I attempted to argue that it was DOA . They said they would not accept return of hazardous materials . Interesting take on their part ... It was okay for them to ship out hazardous materials but not accept the same in return - though no oil or gasoline was ever poured into the unit.Since they would not reconsider , I did the next best thing I could - I contacted my credit card company and disputed the charge . We 'll see where it goes ... All in all , I can not rate the edger because I could never start it . It may be a great unit . I can certainly rate Amazon , and it 's not looking good for them .
 Lowe 's , Troy-Bilt and Briggs Stratton are name brands and you expect quality . This edger not only missed the mark , it did not even find the page . Saying it is difficult to start is being way too nice . I took it back to Lowe 's once for the starting problem . Rather than 30 attempts to start it , it was now 15-20 attempts . I took it back to Lowe 's again , and now they want to charge for the repair . Before taking it back to Lowe 's the second time , I took it to a local small engine repair . They quickly diagnosed the problem as a defective carburetor and said Lowe 's should warranty the repair . When the primer bulb is pushed , it should shoot gas into the carburetor throat . Mine shoots the gas onto the outside wall , no where near intot he carburetor . The cheap plastic carburetor is the issue . It is probably the same issue with most of the hard start problems . Sad that it appears Lowe 's Service does not stand behind their product .
 As has been noted by other reviewers , this edger is very hard to start . Priming 10-15 times helps but not always . After a year of frustration , I gave it away .
 Ever since Troy-Bilt sold out to the same company that makes Yard Machines and MTD junk their name has been in the toilet , and with good reason.If you want the quality Troy-Bilt used to be known for , go buy a McLane or Little Wonder edger . Yes , you will pay more . If you are wealthy , buy a Tanaka and be happy for the rest of your life.On the plus side , any of the aforementioned brands have this advantage over the Troy-Bilt
 I purchased a troy-bilt lawn edger model 554 1 month ago and have used it 3 times . The drive belt broke during the 3rd time I had used it . Uncertain as to why . I had not been `` over-taxing '' the system by edging through thick grass , etc. . Needless to say I am very disappointed . Does anyone else who has had this problem have a suggestion as to how to avoid it from happening again ? Is there an `` industrial strength '' belt available ?
 With no damage to the carton , my edger had either a frozen engine or binding accessory . I removed the spark plug and with great effort the engine can kind of turn over . I am instructed to take it to a Troy service center 30 miles from my residence . More later on that . The pull cord is out and will not retract . Even the most basic inspection at the factory should have uncovered this problem . Now Amazon says they are done with this deal and I am stuck with an inoperable and unstartable edger for which I paid $ 296 . We 'll see what the `` authorized service center '' comes up with but I 'm reasonably confident that all the inconvenience will be borne by me the consumer and no help from Amazon.com . John Marshall , Bluewater Bay Florida
 I purchased this unit at Lowe 's a couple of weeks ago and was a little skeptical after reading some of the reviews online , but decided with a Briggs & Stratton motor , it was probably a dependable product . Besides , the options at Sears and Home Depot were n't any better.Out of the box setup is a piece of cake . The unit is basically ready to go . All I had to do was swing the edger handle up into operating position and tighten the ergonomic knobs at the hingepoint . I 'm happy to report that after closely following the instructions for fueling and adding oil to the unit starting the engine was a snap . I was curios to see how it would do the next several atempts , but time would tell.A major design issue I have with this unit is the fact that the blade will always turn as long as the motor is running . There is no idle position on this machine . Also , the mechanism for depth of cut is designed so that the entire front end of the unit goes up and down instead of the blade itself . It 's possible that this would be a fine way to operate the depth of cut , but given the weight of this machine and the combursome cable and handle used to raise and lower the depth of cut , this process is just plain awkward . A mechanism raising and lowering the blade alone would have been better -LRB- but I 'll bet it was n't cheaper to make that way -RRB- . The actual function of the unit started out well . It made very clean simple cuts and controlling the machine 's stability was n't much of an issue to me . Unfortunately , after 100 feet -LRB- yes 100 FEET -RRB- of edging bliss the cable that supports the depth of cut snapped at the operating handle causing the cutting blade to contact the bare concrete of my street which as you might guess made a less than desireable racket and simoultaneously chipping and warping the cutting blade . To summarize , the cable that connects the front of the machine to the operating handles had a small hooklike fastener on the end of it which connects to the handle for raising and lowering blade depth . This small hook -LRB- made of aluminum -RRB- is cast onto the cable . The cable serves to create a natural failure point in the casting . To call this a poor design is an understatement ! Needless to say this is the piece that failed/broke and ultimately caused me to return the unit to Lowe 's . Fortunately , I had purchased the edger within the last 30 days so Lowe 's gave me no problems with the return.In short , The motor seemed operate flawlessly for the short time I used it , but poorly designed mechanisms on the device really undermine what could be a pretty decent machine . Since your considering spending this much on an edger anyway , just pony up a few more bucks and buy a McLane . It also has a B&S ; motor but the rest of the unit is built for long term use . My father in law has a McLane that he bought over 20 years ago . I 'm buying an edger because I 'm tired of having to borrow his . Additionally , the McLane has more features than this unit .
 Gilmour used to make these in the USA from what I understood , but these are Chinese and they are garbage . I just spent an hour pruning tomato plants and I may as well have just broken off the branches with my fingers rather than use this thing . Not only is it dull , but the bypass blade is misaligned leaving too much of a gap in the cutting action . All it does is partially break the branch and shred it . Maybe all the brands are Chinese at this point and all you can do is go for a low priced one like this . But if you can find a higher quality one for more money , do it . This is not worth the frustration and damaged plants .
 Compact and well designed , but the anvil is made of `` space age plastic '' and broke after only a few cuts . For a few pennies more , the anvil could have been brass and replaceable . The Loppers are now unusable . We use many such tools in the Christmas Tree business , and are not careless with them .
 I purchased this tiller last year thinking it would be a help for gardening this year.A piece of cake-right ? Wrong ! It worked for exactly 1 one minute and we are out all the money we spent . It appears to have a faulty circuit breaker . The button for the breaker stays up and there is no way to start the motor . I definitely would not recommend this product to anyone , unless you can afford to loosethe cost of this item .
 I created three raised beds using about 6 '' of sifted loam , 1 '' of sand , and topping of bagged cow manure . How perfect then to till this ideal mixture together ... no rocks , no roots ... using the electric tiller . Utterly wrong ! I began by tilling a 20 foot row before the circuit breaker kicked it off and by the end of the afternoon , I could not till 5 feet of loam-sand-manure without the circuit breaker stopping the machine . My assumption was that because mine was an easy duty environment , I would not run into this problem even though it was mentioned by another reviewer . I hope I can find some way to override the circuit breaker and make this tool useful , but I 'm not optimistic . I wonder if anyone else has been able to ?
 My wife bought this tiller for me . I only till in loose soil , raised beds , etc. . This thing really chomps the ground up , then it quits . Circuit breaker has kicked . At first I thought it was roots wrapped around the tines but in loose soil ? I was only tilling and after a little while bam , circuit breaker kicks out.This does a great job -LRB- while it 's running -RRB- and I do n't have to mess with gas and mixing oil but if I were to ask for another small tiller , it would not be an electric . I might research a little more also .
 PRODUCT ITSELF IS GREAT REALL KILLS WEEDS , BUT THE PULL ON THE JUG IS TOO HARD TO PULL FOR THE TIME IT HAS TO SPRAY . MY ARM WAS SO SORE . THAT IS THE PULL AND SPRAY.IS THERE ANOTHER TYPE THAT IS EASIER TO USE .
 What can i say ... The parts i ordered did not arrive the first time.Parts were resent and i received them and amazon refunded my money because the company was not taking care of it.Way To Go Amazon.When i received the parts one was the right one and the other did not fit.Emailed the Company and they said they needed information and not i have 1 part i can not use and have not heard from them since ... Amazon receives a five star rating ***** Mowtown receives 2 stars ...
 Is this for my pets or is this for my garden ? I have had great success with these sprays for my farm animals . But I 've unsure with the description how and where this is actually used . I 'll be checking back to see if anyone responds .
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 The picture does not remotely look like what is delivered to your home . The tree is a nice and healthy looking tree although it is not anything like the picture and it arrives in a cardboard square container not a ceramic bonsai pot . Very deceiving advertising .
 This was my first bonsai , and I had reservations . I had a bad experience with a full-sized ficus years ago , and was very concerned about trying one again.The tree arrived in a reasonable amount of time -LRB- two to three days after ordering -RRB- . It appeared to have been shoved in the box , and was a little bent from the experience . However , the branches and leaves seemed to be lush and healthy.The pot was the black plastic nursery pot rather than a more decorative pot . To make matters worse , the pot was cracked from top to bottom . I eventually transplanted it to a clay pot in my ignorance about its watering needs.There were no detailed care instructions included with the plant , and I have since learned that I REALLY needed instructions!I put the plant in a sink and used a showering watering can to give it a good soaking when it arrived , then placed it on a dresser in a corner between two windows . I waited a week before checking the soil for moisture.The leaves started to fall the second week . In the nearly three months since I received it , I can not seem to water the plant enough to keep it thriving . From my online research , the open windows may be causing the plant stress , since we have 15 - 25 degree temperature swings daily . And it appears that daily spraying is needed to meet the plant 's moisture requirements -LRB- we just had our third heat wave - several days of 90 + degrees -RRB- . The plant does not appear to be completely dead , but it 's close . Overall , I 'm disappointed with the results , but I can not place all the blame on the seller . More information could have made a big difference , though .
 While the concept of wearing long spikes while walking on one 's lawn is a good one , this product is very difficult to use . I tried it using sneakers and ordinary shoes , and found that after a couple of steps , the straps would loosen and the aerator shoe would come off . This was tried both on hard ground and on damp ground . Damp ground was the worst as the aerator shoe would be sucked off the regular shoe . If this concept could be carried to a regular shoe -LRB- such as a golf-type shoe -RRB- it would be much more useful .
 I did n't buy these from Amazon , but from a catalog at about a dollar and change less . But what I got is EXACTLY what 's advertised on Amazon . One-size-fits-all is great when you have feet as big as the shoes which only Big Foot could love and appreciate . Vertically challenged , I 'm also plagued by very small feet so one-size-fits-all is a crock.I began my frustration with the straps being too long , so I switched how they were put into their slots . Then they could actually be pulled tight enough to grip my small feet . I began with just one shoe to see what would happen . My lawn is extremely compacted and dry except in a couple spots where I have to continually lightly water to continue my seed growing , and as compacted as my soil is , it 's not enough to prevent my seed from sprouting . My soil is hard dirt , sand and probably some rock tossed in . I got stuck , even with one foot . Then I figured o.k. , I put them both on so I would n't be out of balance . I got about three steps , getting stuck the whole way so I could barely lift my feet and the sandles unlaced . So I figured I 'll put the straps back in their slots exactly as they came and had to wrap them around my feet several times to take up the slack . I tried again . I not only got stuck again , walking on the dry patches , but I heard snapping and low and behold every single spike broke off at the chintzy plastic bases , nut and all first on one shoe then the other and ended up walking on just the flat plastic bases . I was livid and thank goodness I was in my backyard so no one could see me glaring at these shoes . Had they been constructed of durable metal , with the spikes soddered on I think I would 've fared better . I think I 'll fare better getting a hand-held aeration device made entirely of strong metal . Shame I ca n't rate this product a zero .
 Hard to strap on , diffcult to walk with them . If the lawn is dry they wont penetrate . If the lawn is wet they pick up chunks of grass .
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 I just put two of these together and at first I was very pleased with my purchase . Later that night we had a strong storm and some of the chairs finish ran off and soaked into our brand new stone patio . I just called the customer service to see what they suggest and they were not helpful at all . She said I could pack the chairs up and return them if I was unhappy . How would this fix my problem I asked ... she said this is the first time she has heard of a problem like this . If you buy this chair beware of the finish .
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 I ordered a bonsai from Lou 's Bonsai as part of my wedding registry , and when I received the Bonsai at my house , it was dead . I have no idea how to return it , as this third party seller does n't seem to have a website and did n't include a receipt in the package . Buyer beware !
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 I was really excited about getting this for my husband birthday since he is from the US Virgin Island but the Product came in defective or dirty . The advertising is also Misleading . It says it a `` Mini Banner W/Brass Staff and Suctiom . Its clearly Plastic . Looks like a 2nd grader glued it together . Cheap Quality . Look better into Amazon . Their is a different seller that sells good quality mini banners .
 Fountain faulty , did not work , defective parts . No parts to rplace , not made since 2007 , bad news all around , returned etire fountain still awaiting refund !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased 2 @ approximately $ 43.00 , trying to rid my flower bed of moles . I followed the directions and prayed . Well , if they went anywhere ... the moles are back , ... what a waste of my money .
 This stuff is a BIG waste of time and money ! Buyers Beware ; I submitted negative feedback and was contacted on my home phone by the sellers wife . I was stunned and not at all happy about this ! I rated this product a one only because there was n't a zero .
 I bot this hoping it would protect my feeder but the squirrels got right around it . At first they would fall off , but then they eventually figured it out . Also , in a windy storm my feeder and the bottom hook on the underside of the baffel fell right off . Hook is lost in the snow , had to buy a new one at hardware store . Can not recommend this . Am going to try to coat it wish vaseline or wd40 , see if that works . Otherwise it is on to another feeder .
 I purchased this product approximately a week ago and I am disappointed with this products performance . I have used the product twice now and I now have HALF the roof rake that I purchased.When I received the product I took it out of the box and was quite pleased with the overall product that I purchased . Given that the construction was all aluminum and seemed sturdy I felt that I had a tool that I could depend on . The first time that I used it I cleared off my roof and the product worked well . I noticed that the long pole that connects the rake flexed quite a bit while I raised the rake to the roof to clear swaths of snow . I considered that this could eventually be a problem with more use but I though that the poles appearing sturdy would have a long life . Overall the first use went well.The second use , I started clearing my roof and I noticed that the pole that I hung onto started to bend . After taking another swipe of snow the pole broke in half . Thinking that this could be a defective pole , I took the pole out and used the rake with one less pole . Again , the pole bent and broke . I now have half the snow rake that I bought just a week ago.I do n't know about anyone else , but I am getting tired of manufacturers flooding the market with products that appear to be quality , fetch a quality price and end up being junk.Stay away from this product ! I do n't think that my rake was defective . I think that it is just under engineered .
 It started with one of the wheels shattering -LRB- it 's still there - just square -RRB- . Then I lost almost all of the bolts even though I tightened them securely according to directions . The left brace is somewhere on my roof - hopefully I 'll find it in the spring . The locking button froze when I tried to add another length to reach higher . I was using it on what the meteorologists are calling `` champagne powder '' when it started to disintegrate . It WAS effective in clearing a lot of the snow but I had to rebuild it first .
 Please be advised of the two following issues regarding the package received today :1 . Once again the length of the grill sent is inaccurate in that it is , again , too long . This is the same problem that has persisted since your first shipment of one and then a second grill .2 . You only sent me a replacement for one grill and I paid for two and sent two different ones back for replacement.You can forget about my sending the newest grill back . I will pay someone to cut it back to the appropriate size . I will expect the second grill to be replaced and also have it cut back to an appropriate size and absorb , once again , the expense of doing the same.Please be advised that although I may still purchase books from Amazon , that is all that I will ever again order after this complete mess on your or your supplier 's part .
 I bought this as a gift for a family member who 's a huge NASCAR fan . Unfortunately I left the item boxed until late Christmas eve . When I removed it from the Amazon box , I was surprised to see how poorly packaged it was . The product had virtually no packaging and was simply in a clear plastic bag ! The quality of the flags and stand were reminiscent of Made in who knows what country . Overall very cheap build quality mixed with even cheaper packaging equated to a very nervous gifting experience . The picture shown above depicts the flags on a professional appearing desk giving the impression of quality and something worthy of an adults `` desk space '' . In reality , this item is much better suited as a decoration in a child 's room . I say decoration because the flags would n't last with much playtime from an average male child .
 First time I used it , the handle kept coming loose from the valve . Then the valve itself broke off where the handle attaches . There is a very small amount of plastic at this area . This is a really weak spot and will break if you use it much .
 Had to return , was very hard to get it to pump . Had to hold it between 2 people and still would only only seal erratically . Shame because it looks likea well built product.Could be improved by adding a strap and a lock on the sprayer handle .
 I bought this because of the good reviews but was totally disappointed with the one I received . After much frustration I got it to work by reversing the seal in the cap . It now holds pressure but is still a poor sprayer compared to others I have owned .
 We were not impressed with this sprayer . First off it leaked the air pressure out . When we opened up the top and looked in the tank there was small black things floating around in the liquid . Those little tiny black things -LRB- maybe plastic from the manufacturing process ?? -RRB- got stuck in the valves . I call Gilmour and asked them to send out a new set of diaphragm valves . Nope , would n't do it . They wanted us to pay for shipping to send the sprayer back to them so they could look at it and tell us if they would fix it or not . We just spent the $ 4 or $ 5 and got a repair kit and replaced the gaskets and valves . That fixed the leaks.When you need to fill it up , you have to unscrew the whole top of the sprayer . The pump handle , the shoulder strap , the spray hose and nozzle are all integrated into the top . The top is as big around as the whole sprayer body . When you twist off the top , and everything that is attached to it , you have a big tangled mess.It has a pop off valve with a lever on it so you can release the pressure when transporting it or before you take the lid off . Nice idea . The problem is that you can only put a specified amount of pressure in before the valve lets go . Unlike the older versions that you could just pump it up as much as your arm could muster . When the valve releases the extra pressure , you need to cycle the valve so it stops purging , and then pump up the pressure again being careful not to put in too much or the valve will pop off again . The release lever is located on the outside edge of the top so , when the sprayer is hanging on your shoulder and it bumps your hip it releases the pressure in the sprayer . Then you have to put it on the ground and pump it back up . Or the hose gets caught on the release lever and releases the pressure.Buy the older 2.5 gallon one . We have one of each and by far , like the older one better .
 Extremely disappointed with this product . When it arrived my first thought was it was a solidly built product . I tested it with water and it worked fine . Two days later I prepared it for use , filled it with the product I was going to spray , pumped , pumped , pumped , then pumped some more , no pressure build up . Followed trouble shooter instructions with absolutely no success . Pressure would not build up at all . This has to be a record for tank sprayer failure . One pint of water and it does not work anymore . Junk .
 I have a unit made by Gilmour for `` DoItBest '' Model 2D1B . I have had for only 6 months and the relief valve failed . I tried to take it off and it appeared to damage the fixed side threads that are part of the screw on lid/pump assembly . I am not sure how or where to get a replacement part -LRB- s -RRB- , assuming they are available .
 Bought it in Sept Did n't get a chance to use it till March . First use it 's failed and quit building pressure so I 'm out 40 bucks AND Do n't have a sprayer to finish the job . . very unhappy .
 The Gilmour XP20 Sprayer
 I bought this sprayer due to all of the great reviews . Unfortunately though , it appears that I was the lucky one who received a defective unit . Mine will not hold pressure - it wo n't hold any pressure in fact . I ca n't even get it to hold enough pressure to get even the slightest bit of water to come out of the nozzle - not even a drop.I can hear the air leaking out of the unit as I 'm pumping it and yes I have the relieve valve CLOSED . The relieve valve appears to be doing it 's job though because when I pump it with the valve open , I do n't hear any air escaping , the pump just does n't build up any pressure at all . I ca n't tell exactly where the air is coming from though ; it is n't enough that I can feel it . I can just hear it slowly bleeding off.The instructions have a troubleshooting section but they are n't the easiest instructions in the world to follow . I tried the drops of 20W oil -LRB- as another reviewer said worked for them -RRB- but that did not help . The troubleshooting section also explains how to completely disassemble the unit but mine will not come apart . I could try to pry on it a little harder but since I 'm probably going to need to return it , I do n't want to break it - it is all plastic.I 'm giving it 2 stars though because it appears to be a well constructed unit . It is my first pump sprayer so I do n't have anything to compare it to but it seems pretty solid , even though it is all plastic -LRB- except for the bronze tip -RRB- . I 'm going to try to call their customer support # but if that does n't work , I will attempt to replace it . If I am able to get a working unit , I 'll update my review .
 I actually bought two of these and today , threw both of them away . In their second season , they still hold pressure but only a dribble from the sprayer end with no way of fixing them . I have taken apart every conceivable piece apart but to no avail . -LRB- Their quick hose connectors are great FYI -RRB- HELP ! If only there were an option below one star !
 The lions are fuzzy and this looks like a low budget flag ... it was low budget too so i guess you get what you pay for .
 I purchased two of these units and within 4 months they have both failed to rotate automatically as designed . They unexpectedly stop rotation and a small area gets flooded and water wasted . I can not recommend this product based on my experience .
 The item does not work properly . The partial oscillation does not work at all and the connection to the hose leaks even when additional washers are used . Not recommended .
 Major disappointment ! This model is very poorly constructed . The screw connecting the sprayer control to the unit kept falling out . I had to keep having to screw it back on . Finally , it fell where I could n't find it . I gave up and contacted the Gilmour people . The Gilmour service center was of very little help . Not worth the money , in my opinion .
 After two weeks of heavy use the head stopped reversing direction . An email to Gilmour got a promise of a replacement . The spikes on the feet are easily deformed and difficult , if not impossible , to straighten ; but without them the unit tips over freely . The 106 foot diameter does not equate to 3500 square feet and is optomistic - a 40 ' radius is more realistic
 Item worked for about two hours , then began to malfunction - stopped turning . It just kept spraying in one place . I turned the water off to inspect the sprinkler head and parts fell to the ground . Do n't know the name of the parts but it is what ratchets the sprinkler to spray in the other direction . Waste of time and money .
 I was very pleased with this sprinkler when I bought it last year when our regular sprinkler system needed a new pump . It worked just as advertised and was not hard to set up . This year , however , almost everything stopped working and it developed leaks that were hard to fix . Sometimes it rotates - sometimes it does n't , and the range is greatly truncated , partly because the control seems welded in place . Sometimes , there really is n't even a spray , but just a fountain - and the system pressure is fine . Perhaps , we did n't treat it right - it was left outdoors in the fall and spring - but you 'd think a 65.00 sprinkler could tolerate that . Not something I 'd recommend , but perhaps with more compulsive care it would last longer . Who 'd have thought that one could diagnose his personality type by the state of his garden sprinkler ?
 Same experience as many other reviewers . I was initially thrilled with this item , although the screw used to set the height never did work correctly ... after an hour or so of use , the vibration would work the telescoping shaft all the way down and I 'd have to go out and raise it again.However , after one summer of relatively moderate use -LRB- maybe 15 hours per month for about 4 months -RRB- it has gone haywire . The clips used to set rotation have inexplicably become so loose on the shaft as to be useless . Plus the thing leaks like crazy.I like the concept , but I 'm not crazy about this version of it .
 I ordered this product on 6/26/2005 , and it has been `` shipping '' soon for over 3 weeks . Today I received a phone call from some one from a different city . He said that he has my package for this sprinkler , but he had never ordered it , and it has my name on it . Amazon 's shipping system is getting really bad . I ordered about 30 things last month , and three of them never shipped , 2 of them were missing . Since AMazon has no phone number to call in now , and does not answer email inquiries , I am forced to give bad feedbacks on products I did not receive .
 When I said to my mother , `` Hey mom , look at that cool sprinkler ! Can we get it ? '' I thought that I was getting a quality item . Little did I know , it was a piece of useless garbage ! When my mom asked me to set it up in our backyard , I did . When I turned on the hose , I instantly realized what a useless piece of scrap metal this thing was . The hose connecter started leaking , the sprinkler would n't turn , and the tripod snapped and fell apart . It looked like some broken UFO with water coming out of it ! When I turned off the hose , I also noticed that the sprinkler head had popped off and was lying in the grass . By now , I got so mad that I ran over to it , and started lifting it up when ... SNAP ! The remaining two tripod stands had completely fallen off , and were stuck in the ground . I just then took it , hurled it at the house , and the pipe where the sprinkler head was supposed to be , had made a huge dent in the wall . The next thing I thought of is , `` Why would GILMOUR make such a piece of garbage ? `` DO NOT BUY THIS SPRINKLER !!!
 Leaks like crazy . Will not turn no matter what you do . Very low quality . May be good as a paperweight or scrap metal .
 Although very cute the hummingbirds could not figure out how to use this feeder . I have 15 or so feeders in my yard of all different kinds and shapes and once in a while , they do not like a certain kind.This is one of them . I tried painting the feed holes red but it still did not work . They were attracted but I think the nectar sits too low . Wish it worked as I really liked the idea of hanging a margarita glass for them to drink out of .
 Although this hose reel may look great it leaks . Tried to fix it with no luck . This item is useless and a mess .
 This body of this item is solidly built.However a small round plastic pin about 1/8 '' in diameter activates the spray when the handle is squeezed . This pin broke and the product is now garbage .
 Beautiful design and solid copper . I loved it but it is not the right depth for a birdbath so returned it .
 I received this birdbath as a gift and its assembled upside down from the illustration so the small portion is the bath section . Also there is a small hole drilled in the bottom so it wo n't hold water . I guess I can plug the hole , but it does n't make sense . Whats the deal ? Did I receive the wrong product ?
 Flag I received had the head of the snake missing and the tail was colored green to match the grass . Poor quality and not as described or pictured . Would not recommend to anyone .
 seven brothers is the worst company i have ever dealt with . they are arrogant and have a terrible customer service approach . i ca n't review their product because i never received it . they suck .
 The flag I received does not mirror the picture , there is a different font and the snake image seems a little off . I do not recommend .
 The flag is a disappointment that I cant fly it due to it only being one sided . OK for a walls
 I never received item because there was a change of shipping address that did not get to the vendor in time . Item was charged against credit card , but was never sent .
 I can not recommend this item . I have no idea why the other purchasers rate this so high.First , and this is big , it is only 1 sided . Meaning , it would fine as a banner or wall mounted , but not as a outdoor flag . And certainly not to be carried at a Tea Party , as I had intended to do.Second , it is not an accurate Gadsen flag . The snake looks very amateurish . The eye is so poor it looks like part of the diamond pattern . The tongue is only a little nub that does n't even extend past the mouth . Also , there is no punctuation . The `` DO N'T '' is not on there , instead it is `` DONT '' . On a 3 ` x5 ' flag it is significant . And adds to the amateur appearence of the flag.Third , and lastly , it is made in China.Avoid this product if you are trying to make a statement .
 The flag I received did not replicate the picture online.The printed flag I received had no head on the snake.Its not worth returning due too the price BUT I believe you should always receive what you order.Not a a poor look-a-like . This was full misrepresetation by the supplier .
 So , the writing is backwards on one side , because this is a simple print on thin fabric.Stitching and grommets are acceptable .
 Flag came with just one grommet , the lower one . Hard to hang a flag with just one grommet . I will have to buy a grommet kit to use the flag .
 The material is very thin . I ordered 2 of these flags and both were cut crooked . Not worth my time to send them back and get another inferior item sent to me . I would not recommend buying .
 I ordered only one of these water nozzles even though I really need two ; one for the front and the other for the back yard . But I thought I would get just one and see how it worked out . Well , the plastic handle has just broken and it is not even June yet ! This is close to getting a Xmas present and then watching it break a few days later.So I will try to order a new plastic handle from Gilmour but meanwhile , I will continue my method of ordering just one nozzle from another source until I find the right one . But maybe Gilmour will stand by their product and redeem themselves !
 This nozzle lasted all of about a week . It was used to was a car twice . On the second washing it was dropped from hand held height to the ground . The plastic on the back of the nozzle broke off . It is now unusable . Very poor design .
 I should have believed the other reviewer who wrote that these do not sprout . I was naive enough to think that I can ` make them ' sprout . They do not , no matter what you do with them .
 If you are looking into buying these to sprout , do n't bother . They do n't sprout . I have no idea what the reason is , maybe they were old , but for three days my other grains spouted really well -LRB- buckwheat , sunflower seeds -RRB- while these have not sprouted even a single grain !
 The Sprout House Organic Sprouting Seeds - Oat Groats 1 PoundThe label & product info state that these are sprouting seeds . I kept wasting time trying to sprout them , but they only went bad . - I called the Sprout House , who DID acknowledge that they are not for sprouting , - despite their web site -LRB- at least-at that time -RRB- , indicating otherwise . The person I got on the phone , basically - could n't care less . She just said - to eat as is , or soak & eat . I might , if I enjoyed the taste of cardboard . Really appears to be a disreputable company who I would not trust to order from , in the future.I have found an ethical company with quality sprouting products . The name is `` Sprout People . '' -LSB- ... -RSB- Most of their products are organic . They provide a wonderful educational service , which also includes several instructional videos . Ca n't beat them !
 I put these in dirt for my cats and they got moldy so I tried them in my Sproutman sprouter and all they did was ferment no matter what I did . So might be me but I wont be buying these again . Also , I do have an issue with no protected seal on the product .
 I 've owned this hose for about 6 months now and I wholeheartedly disagree with the name of this product . Why ? Because it kinks . I use this a couple of times a week to water my potted plants and grass and this hose does not live up to its name . It kinks in multiple places and I would not buy this product again . I guess the positive about this hose is it 's soft enough you do n't feel like you are wrangling with a stiff piece of rubber , but on the flip side , it kinks . I would definitely not recommend this product and may be replacing it soon . My previous hose was a Swan and it lasted several years before I had any kinking problems with it . If you are looking at this piece of junk for a new garden hose , look to another product !
 This hose kinks like all the others . I still have it after 2 yrs and it kinks as much now as it did the first week n do n't waste your $ $
 I have had these hoses and they constantly kink and blow holes . I have a hose reel and keep them rolled up when not in use . They have lasted less than nine months and were replaced and the new ones were no better . I will never again buy an Apex hose .
 I just bought the darned hose and after the 3rd use , I noticed a section of the hose expanded to 3x the diameter -- the thing is ready to blow already ! KEEP YOUR RECEIPTS -- either for return or to make use of the lifetime warranty . also keep the cardboard product insert as you will need this for warranty purposes . Buy this local as I think this hose is made cheaply and they do not count on you keeping the packaging or your receipt !
 The hoses branded NEVERKINK are cheap hoses which are poorly made and use the same materials as the cheap ones sold at Wally World and the Orange Box Stores . Buy a hose on sale and save money or look elsewhere for a true high quality hose .
 Definitely not a never kink hose . I purchased two of these and both have more permanent kinks than any hoses I have every used -- literally dozens of kinks per hose , creases which become permanent . They are even stored in closed reels.Save your money and the headache of trying to water and constantly having to unkink this loser hose !
 I 've had this hose through summer 2007 . It frequently kinks , it 's heavy and difficult to straighten ... and , coiling it is a real wrestling match ... with the hose often `` winning '' . Now that it 's getting cold , the hose has stiffened to the point that I can not put it on our hose reel . My Wife struggled with it for 30-minutes the other day , just to untangle it and make 3-foot coils on our front yard . When I find a new , better hose ... I may GIVE this one away to someone I really dislike .
 I purchased this hose because of the `` never kinks '' guarantee . This hose is not worth the money because it kinks all the time . If you use it when it 's less then 80 degrees not only does it kink all the time but it does n't lay flat either . You 'll spend half your time fighting the hose and tripping over it . My advice . . buy a quality rubber hose not this product !
 Used the hose all summer for watering plants on my deck , always had a trigger attached to it . Towards the end of the summer it developed a `` blister '' . One day I went down under the deck to turn on the water , on my way back I heard a loud POP , the hose had exploded at the blister .
 This is a quality hose , it does what a hose should do . However , the 25 foot is too limiting to be a good product . If you want a hose , minimum size is 50 feet , and for some people that is too short as well .
 The product arrived bent in a few places . Which was suspicious as it is advertised guaranteed not to kink.I decided to install it anyways . One of the couplings could not hold the pressure and was leaking when Hose Nozzle was attached to it in the `` off '' position .
 Should be called `` Alwayskink . `` Not only does it kink constantly but it is very heavy to carry around the yard . Let 's face it a hose is n't always going to be in the straight position so if it needs to be in order not to kink then it 's fairly useless and does n't live up to it 's name . It 's going back .
 I bought a cheapo hose locally and there was a kink at the far end . So I opted to replace it with one which was NOT supposed to kink . And guess what ? This hose has the same kink at the far end !! LOLBUT , more importantly , on the label , but not on the site , it says that you CAN NOT DRINK from , or use the water for animals since it is made of recycled , God-only-knows-what . ick.Well , I was going to water veggy plants and give water to my chickens . Could THAT be any worse than directly drinking water from this hose ? Plants could easily absorb whatever chemicals are in this thing , and some water dries on veggies too . Obviously the chickens are n't safe either . Sounds like a possible health hazard to me . I sent it back and ordered a SAFE hose.It says , Made in USA on the label , but it sounds more like something from China ! LOLWould prefer giving it ZERO stars .
 i got this hose as a present to my children instead of a pool . they loved it . untill they used it . it kinks like crazy and there is a terrible paint job , also it has cracked so many times . we decided to get rid of it and got one for 9.99 called the ANEX REM.THIS HOSE SUCKS!JUST KIDDING ! hose is great ! works amazing ! never kinks !
 This is the worst hose I have ever used . The promise was to never kink , but that is all it does . The material is very light-weight and flimsy and kinks instantly when pulled . This was the most disappointing purchase I have made in over a decade .
 The Never Kink Hose does indeed kink . It 's kinks are so well ingrained in the hose that I often ca n't get water through it . I 'd just as soon buy a regular hose that does n't purport to never kink and pay less . They guarantee a refund , which I 'd like to receive .
 Bought 2 50 ft hoses . Absolutely worthless . Kinks all of the time . Do n't waste your money .
 I am sorry to say that this item kinks up more than a rattlesnake trying to get away from a coyote . After many years of using premium , life-time guaranteed rubber hoses from a huge retail company , I decided that I was tired of the black marks that were left on my concrete and bricks . I was aldo tired of the hoses kinking - no matter how I used them . Walla , I saw this and decided to try it . It does not leave black marks . That is good . Howver , it is very stiff and it kinks every bit as much as my premium rubber hoses . I do not recommend this item .
 I bought three of these Never Kink hoses and they all kink ! They kink just as much if not more that my regular hoses.Not sure what the companies definition is of Never , but never means never , not most of the time.Don ' t waste your money I 'll sell you mine for half the cost .
 Bought the 50 foot length . Visually , the hose looked indestructible - nylon meshed reinforcement was visible in a `` reveal '' strip the entire length of the hose , and it felt very firm to the touch . All I do is water my flowers and vegetables , but I was hoping this puppy would last 20 years like my last hose.Uh ... NOT!Last week , three months after purchase , a bubble appeared near the nozzle and got bigger and bigger like the cake in the old Little Rascals short . The next day it burst . Tomatoes very thirsty.Should have gotten suspicious when the hose diameter increased significantly under pressure , then went limp and blubbery when pressure was relieved.Hose name is hilarious . You could stare intently at this schnauzer from twenty feet away and make it kink.When I returned it to Home Depot the girl gave me no argument . Before I even began my spiel she waved me off . `` We get a lot of these back '' , she said .
 I purchased the ` commercial ' one for my greenhouse watering needs . Needless to say it went back to place of purchase . Constantly kinks . Buy a Gilmour you will be happier.Gilmour 10-58100 8-ply Flexogen Hose 5/8-Inch-by -100 - Foot , Green
 The main reason I purchased this hose was to replace my old one after hearing about lead in hoses from Good Morning America . I thought this hose was safe for my kids to drink out of but once I placed the hose on my reel I saw in the inside of the cover `` not safe for drinking '' . The hose is also too stiff that it is very difficult to unravel and wind back . I 'll be looking for another replacement .
 This product has a very small warning label hidden inside the packaging That says warning do not drink from this hose and wash hands after use . It may contain lead and chemicals that can cause cancer and birth defects.just think of watering your animals or garden with this poison . It is not stated on the outside beware
 I do n't understand the good reviews this hose got from other people . Maybe the product changed . Anyway , this hose is no better than any other hose I 've owned . It kinks and twists just as easily , and does not seem to be of especially high quality . I 'm still searching for the perfect , or even close-to-perfect , garden hose .
 Bought one from HD . Does NOT live up to its name . This hose kinks on me everytime I use it . I wish I would have known this before I spent my money on it . I ca n't express in words how much I get irritated about how much it kinks . I would never recommend this hose to anyone . I wish I could tell you which brand to buy . I can tell you that if you want a hose that does n't kink , do not buy this brand .
 This is not a heavy-duty hose and it does kink . It kinks every time I use it . It 's a simple garden hose . I have it connected to a faucet on my side yard . It 's a small area so it 's fine . But , it would be horrible if I used it anywhere else .
 This hose kinked the first time I tried to use it ... If returning it were n't such a hassle , it would go back ...
 One of the worst hoses I 've ever owned.It should be called Ever Kink , or Always Kink.It kinks like there is no tomorrow . Stay away , and you 'll thank me .
 purchased this hose yesterday ... thought it was pricey ... but was sold by the lifetime replacement guarantee . returning it today ... for a full refund ... from the reviews here ... it seems that buying this hose will mean spending the remainder of my life returning neverkink hoses ... no thank you
 This hose kinks constantly . I only bought it a month or so ago . It truly sucks but I 'm giving it two stars because water comes out of it consistently .
 I have had this hose about 2 months and it kinks ! One kink is so bad that the water barely comes out . Sort of like when you fold the hose to temporarily stop it ... except mine is permanent . I have tried everything to straighten it out ... No luck.And this hose is barely used because I have auto sprinklers . Just use it to wash down the patio every now and then.Like someone else said , if it was not such a hassle , I would return it . Not much of a guarantee in that case . Can not recommend this product .
 Bought this hose because I was fed up with garden hoses that kink as you drag them around the yard ... Well , this hose is not the solution ... Mine kinks all the time in 2-3 different places ... It is very heavy to pull around the yard ... If it was not so heavy and cost so much to send it back , , I would have returned it ... Maybe I got a lemon , , but this hose IS NOT a `` never kink '' ...
 I purchased this hose four months ago and use it every weekend for common household chores . I was very disappointed to discover last weekend that this hose has sprung a LEAK . Four months and I already need to replace it ? I would hardly call this a heavy-duty product , I recommend you look elsewhere for your hose requirements --
 I 'm not to sure what to think about a company that would name a product , `` NEVER KINK '' and have it do nothing but kink . The only time it did n't kink was the 15 mile ride in the back of my truck as I was bringing it back home from Lowes . I have stretched it out the entire 100 ' , let it sit in 100 degree + sun for hours only to have it kink at least 5 places on the hose when I unwound it . It 's going back to Lowes tomorrow .
 Well I purchaed this hose due to good reviews and it seems like a fine , heavy duty hose that connected easily to the faucet . One LITTLE problem . I got it for outdoor use of course and to fill animal watering containers . Guess what ? When I got it it stated it contains LEAD and is unsafe for humans or animals to drink from this hose . I had no idea or I never would have bought it . It is so heavy that it would not be worth the postage to mail it back . I am very upset about lead in a hose . I thought it was illegal to have lead in anything anymore .
 I am sorry to say that this item kinks up more than a rattlesnake trying to get away from a coyote . After many years of using premium , life-time guaranteed rubber hoses from a huge retail company , I decided that I was tired of the black marks that were left on my concrete and bricks . I was aldo tired of the hoses kinking - no matter how I used them . Walla , I saw this and decided to try it . It does not leave black marks . That is good . Howver , it is very stiff and it kinks every bit as much as my premium rubber hoses . I do not recommend this item .
 something told me to go outside and check the hose i was replacing ... it is in fact a neverkink ... i ca n't believe i purchased the same product again ... it has a lifetime return ... but make sure that you cut out the warranty from the packaging and save your receipt ... and place both where you 're sure to find them ... otherwise the store may refuse to exchange the hose ... i would not have purchased this hose at such a high price ... if i thought that in a few years , i 'd be searching for old receipts and copies of the warranty ... disappointed in this product
 It 's a hose . And it DOES kink though perhaps if you jumped into your time machine and went back 40 years you 'd see a hose that has a greater prediliction toward kinking . However , for the price etc. , I really ca n't get that worked up about it either way ...
 The outdoor sensor on this item failed within a month of installation . Customer Service from the manufacturer was virtually nil ; all I received were pre-fab , canned e-mail responses that did not address the issues or questions I 'd raised . I 've simply junked this way-too-expensive unit and will buy from a different manufacturer .
 The wind sensor worked for less than 5 minutes . I called La Crosse warranty . Actually reached someone the 2nd time I called . They said to return the whole unit to them and they would decide what was wrong . I packed the whole thing up in original box and sent it . They returned it in a shoe box , missing pieces . I have now called 4 times over 3 days -LRB- at different times of day , in case there is a peak at some time -RRB- . Each time I get a recording that says `` Due to high call volume , please leave your name and number and we will call you back . '' I have still not been called back . The only saving grace is that Amazon says it will give me a refund if I send the remaining pieces , no longer in the original box , to them.If you like trouble , deal with La Crosse .
 Like everybody else can testifies here this is a very very bad product that leaks after a couple of months and loves to kink . I bought one last year . I followed everything the package recommended , drained it before the winter and put in the shed , but when I opened in Spring the hose had more holes than Swiss cheese . So I called their customer service , and they ask you to cut the ends of the hose off take a picture and then only then they will replace it . Apex NeverKink customer care really wants to make sure that you are not taking advantage of them and you have to prove for them that you are not lying . Well , they sent me a new hose and plugged a wand sprinkler on it . When my wife was watering the plant in pots in the yard and shutting down the valve of the sprinkler wand between pots . In one of these times the hose literally EXPLODED and she got completely soaked in water . I was so done with this hose that I just cut the end of and used a hose repair kit in the place where it burst . Two weeks later it burst again . So I called their customer care again and they told me that I was leaving the hose on for prolonged periods of time . It was less than a minute between one pot and the next . SAVE YOUR MONEY DO N'T BUY this product .
 Well , the anti-kink metal spiral came of after a week of lightly use and the hose cracked open 2 weeks later . Now , I have 100 ' of junk .
 This hose was great at first ; however it does not handle high pressure well . Our secondary water system puts out 125 to 145 PSI , which caused the hose to expand and loose `` NeverKink '' rating . The high pressure made it very pliable and now it kinks a lot . Also hose connection leaks where the threaded coupler attaches to the hose -LRB- there is a weakness in the joint -RRB- . I think I will buy a different brand next time .
 `` 400 psi '' ... not . I 've had two burst on me . I 'm going to repair it , but my next hoses will be Goodyear 's industrial / heavy-duty line of hose . My review applies to all of Apex Neverkink `` Commercial Duty '' hoses .
 Like everybody else can testifies here this is a very very bad product that leaks after a couple of months and loves to kink . I bought one last year . I followed everything the package recommended , drained it before the winter and put in the shed , but when I opened in Spring the hose had more holes than Swiss cheese . So I called their customer service , and they ask you to cut the ends of the hose off take a picture and then only then they will replace it . Apex NeverKink customer care really wants to make sure that you are not taking advantage of them and you have to prove for them that you are not lying . Well , they sent me a new hose and plugged a wand sprinkler on it . When my wife was watering the plant in pots in the yard and shutting down the valve of the sprinkler wand between pots . In one of these times the hose literally EXPLODED and she got completely soaked in water . I was so done with this hose that I just cut the end of and used a hose repair kit in the place where it burst . Two weeks later it burst again . So I called their customer care again and they told me that I was leaving the hose on for prolonged periods of time . It was less than a minute between one pot and the next . SAVE YOUR MONEY DO N'T BUY this product .
 The hose that connects to the faucet rolls up and kinks when I unroll the hose . Is there any idea how I might be able to stop it from turning . I have several hose rollers but have never had this problem .
 I have purchased 2 '' `` NeverKink '' brand hoses in the past , and both were constantly getting kinked . I finally threw the first one in the trash after several years . The second one I still use , but it kinks every time I pull it . I 'm on Amazon today looking for a different brand of hose , and could n't believe that this bad hose had some 5 star ratings ? I have not had one explode , but buy this hose at your own risk . It will kink , guaranteed !
 The hose is a disappointment . There are five procedures to follow before use , all of which were performed before the hose was placed on the hose reel . Since that time I 've used the hose on a daily basis and have had kinks form everytime I 've used the product . I do n't and would n't , recommend this product .
 We bought this sprinkler for watering our yard and after about a weeks use the metal stake started bending because a combination of the force of the impulse and the hold on the stake by the hose caused it to bend . I assume after awhile the stake will break off .
 This thermometer is a great concept . The hardware works well , the software works well with the hardware , etc. . I bought it to monitor the temperature in a large polyhouse -LRB- think plastic-covered greenhouse -RRB- that covers several thousand plants.The unit has one major annoyance -- any time that the temperature drops below 37F or goes above 28F , it starts beeping to let me know that ice may be forming.That 's a great additional feature . But why the heck did n't they make it an option to turn off the speaker ? Because while others may care about that temperature range , I certainly do n't . Every night since I 've gotten this thing it starts beeping when I 'm in bed , forcing me to wander downstairs in the dead of night fumbling with buttons until I can turn it off.I finally came up with a permanent solution -- I opened the case and cut the wires to the speaker . Granted , I lost the programmable hi/lo warnings -LRB- which were actually of value to me -RRB- , but at least now I can sleep .
 the unit did not work properly , customer service hard to reach agent refused to acknowledge unit was defective , it took two more calls to finally get an approval to return it . it took several weeks to get a new unit and they sent the wrong color . even the new unit is not as effective as other weather station i have . it does not t ransmit the temperature from the outdoor unit further than 10 feet from the indoor unit . i am extremely disatisfied with this product !
 Do n't put the outdoor sensor outdoors ! There is a small hole in the bottom of the unit that Earwigs can get into . The transmitter stopped working after two weeks outside . Upon inspection , the thing was packed with Earwigs ! I 'm not kidding , there were at least a dozen inside . They must have chewed something up , because the transmitter has not worked since . I contacted customer service and have been waiting two weeks for an RMA . I 've had a La Crosse unit at home for at least five years with no problems .
 This is the worst product , more than half the time it does n't work for the outside temp.I guess if you live in the midwest it 's too cold to workThe instructions stat in cold weather it may not work OK DAH !!!!!!!!!!!! then why sell it . VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT
 Umbrella was up for about two days - not open . Heard thump in yard , umbrella broke . Pole is not solid wood - it just cracked . I 'm in the process of returning it . Loved the way it looked but could n't believe the poor quality . Maybe mine was defective .
 This umbrella is heavy and hard to raise as you have to stand on the picnic table or chair and get underneath it to raise it and put in the pin . It is the same process to lower it . I am 5 ' 4 '' tall so if you are taller and stronger this would not be a problem for you .
 Listen , nice umbrella for the price but do n't think it 's going to last you more than a season . The wood that holds up the cloth is very week . In fact , I had to send the original order back do to the wood breaking during shippping . And would n't you know it , the second one 's wood broke a couple months later .
 I was very excited to get this oriole feeder as I saw the same one at Wildbirds Unlimited . I figured it must be good if they sell it . Well , it is the worse feeder I have purchased . I agree with the other reviews that it 's a bee trap . I hung it on the branch along with my other feeders and the birds never went to it . It did attract bees , flies and assorted other flying insects . I think the feeding holes are too large allowing the insect to get to the nectar . It 's too bad it did n't have some sort of plastic inserts to keep the insects out . Oh , and the trap on the top to keep out the ants , did n't happen .
 The bees love it , but the orioles not so much . This attracted a bunch of bees to my feeders . The bees fit in the holes perfectly , unlike the hummingbird feeders . I recommend sticking to grape jelly for the orioles , at least in Iowa .
 I bought two of these from Amazon . After using them for a week , the collar rings which control how far left and right the sprinkler rotates started to move along with the sprinkler head . They are simple tensioned metal clips that are easily stripped/sprung after a couple of uses . They are not the clips/rings that are shown in the picture . The ones shown in the picture are similar to the one Rainbird puts on their sprinklers -LRB- which are much better quality -RRB- . So in essence , they are falsely advertised here on the web . I contacted Nelson customer service for replacement collars or sprinklers and they said they could not help me ! Very nice !! Oh , and these sprinklers also say MADE IN CHINA ... this would explain the poor quality . Nelson is now off my list of manufacturers to buy from .
 I have owned two of these items , both broke after a few weeks normal use . The plastic piece from which the water comes out simply blew out with the force of the water and could not be replaced . The concept is good ; the product is inferior .
 We are very disappointed with Sunlawn 's MM-2 -LRB- manual reel mower -RRB- performance and their level of customer service . We wish we would have purchased a different brand of reel mower . Here 's why : We purchased our Sunlawn Manual Reel Mower -LRB- Model MM-2 -RRB- in mid-June 2007 . The mower 's wheel kept slipping without engaging the mower blade in early September . We called to ask about the problem and were told that the MM-2 has had trouble with how the gears were assembled , and that we would need to replace both `` left '' and `` right '' gears , which would be mailed to us.Two weeks ago , we received two `` left '' gear replacements for our Sunlawn Model MM-2 -LRB- with no installation instructions -RRB- , but not a `` right '' gear replacement . We called and confirmed that we should have received one `` left '' and one `` right '' gear replacement , which we were told would be shipped Overnight to us . We called last week to follow up as to when the part would arrive , but our message has not been returned . As of today 's mail , we still have n't received the part.We have been spending money in the past month to rent a mower while our 3-month old Sunlawn MM-2 is unusable .
 I just returned from the UPS store , returning the Sunlawn MM2 and grasscatcher . One day of use was enough to convince me it is not well made , does not perform as advertised , and certainly not worth the high price.Machine construction
 I ca n't mow with it , or get assistance from Sunlawn ! The blades seem to be milled improperly on the ends . This keeps me from adjusting the blade to the correct spacing per the owner 's manual . Which in turn allows the grass to pull right through without being cut ! I purchased this mower on May 15th . I finally received a reply on June 21st after many emails and phone calls . I was to expect a return label for the mower . It is now July 29th . No label . And , no response from Sunlawn . I 've been using a reel mower for many years now . I heard so many good things about Sunlawn mowers ; I had to try it . Too bad I got a lemon . I hope to get this remedied before the onset of winter . -- Upadate -- Finally got the mower back to Sunlawn , but have yet to get my money back after one month and two emails .
 I received this gate hoping to replace my current gate that is too narrow and leaves a gap wide enough for my small dog to escape . The current gate is 34 inches wide , so an additional 5 inches of gate width should be enough to fit nicely with no gap . Unfortunately this gate I received is actually still just 34 inches wide , no better than my old one . I 've contacted the seller looking for resolution and have not received any help yet . I 'll update this review if they can satisfy the issue . BUYER BEWARE .
 This Squirrel feeder has a great idea behind it but it does n't take into consideration one thing and that 's the squirrels will eat the wood to get to the peanuts . I 've had it for a couple of months and its destroyed . I went out to Petsmart and bought the same Idea in Metal , it will last longer .
 The squirrels in my yard must be incredibly stupid or lazy . They use this feeder to sit on , but have not bothered to figure out how to open it . The corn and peanuts inside remained untouched until a smarter raccoon came along and cleaned it out . I give up !
 I ordered a 9.5 '' chinese fish bowl plant stand . I received a 10.5 '' stand . When I called I was told that they ship the next size if they do n't have the size a customer orders . I could n't use the larger stand and returned it . I was refunded only the cost of the stand and had to pay shipping and handling fee and the return postage . They should not ship a size I did not order .
 I love my garden . I use tools in my garden . I would happily buy a product that holds tools & seeds & weeds the way the toolbelt I use at work holds tools & fasteners . In fact I use an old carpenter 's tool belt just for this purpose . Although not perfect for the garden -LRB- it 's dark green , leather & heavy ! -RRB- it seems much better than the choices gardeners are currently given.The Rumford my boyfriend gave me ... . Well , I have other uses for both of them !
 I originally really liked this item , and the wooden handles are super nice , but the tools all broke within 2 months . The handles separated from the actual tool parts . Now I just use them in the ground to prop up baby plants . And my cat loves to sleep on the bag .
 I just threw away one of these . My wife 's the gardener . She liked the product , but the seat wore out , and a replacement was not available . Nope . You have to throw the whole thing out , and buy another . Let 's just say my wife is disgusted .
 I purchased the Rumford Gardener in August , 2009 , for my wife 's birthday . We opened it once at the time , but she did not use it until last week . When we open it , one of the welds holding the cross member that holds the seat or kneal-pad broke . It was beyond the return date even though it had not been used . I have not priced it , but it may be cheaper to have it spot welded here rather than pay to return it.But it should not have broken . I am not a gorilla , and I did not break it with bruit strength.You might want to check your welds . If it had broken when someone was seated on it , well guess what.Winston WaldenCookeville TN 38501
 I own one of these and wanted to give my daughter one . When I received this one it had a weld that was broken and was not made to the same specifications of the original . I sent it back and was very dissapointed . Wo n't be able to get one now without looking at how it is made .
 This is well made and sturdy but I just do n't find myself using it because it 's so heavy to carry to the garden - especially if you 're carrying tools as well . Instead I usually end up taking along a light plastic low one-step stool from the dollar store . It 's true I do struggle getting up at times without those nice handles to push against but I do n't have to lug the heavy thing around and for me that 's more of a chore . It just does n't feel comfortable either - the seat is too high and the kneeler too low and neither is very soft .
 I had a similar one that I bought 5 years ago . Almost the same.This chair as is , is safety hazard for older people , you can easily flip back.The chair is about 1.5 inches too high.To make it safer , I made a wooden channel that extend about 1.5 inches beyond the width of the legs . This prevents you from flipping in either direction . Had the wooden channel plate screwed to the bottom of the legs.You also had something very close to this item for less.If you want a digital picture o9f the modified chair , would more than happy to send it to you . As is , the chair is a SAFETY HAZARD for older people.Sincerely yours , LFZ
 This item not as good as the previous model that I had . Quite difficult to open . Weak wrists will never get it unfolded . Seat is too hard for the knees .
 The product details for my order saidProduct Description8 '' , Battery Operated Round Nylon Lanterns , Assorted , Includes 3 Each Of Hot Pink , Green , Yellow , & Purple , Uses 2 `` AAA '' Batteries Not Included , Spares
 These lanterns will NOT light up as shown on the package . they have a `` white '' looking c-7 led bulb , but upon insertion of batteries the `` White '' looking bulb is really bright GOLD ! This makes ALL the colors look horrible golden tan . It needs a REAL white bulb . Not one that turns gold . I am taking mine back the same day I got it.I also went on the web to find a replacement bulb and not sure if what I am seeing is what I need . VERY confusing . mike phillips
 el tama & ntilde ; o es muy chico y no es practica para la jardiner&iacute;a
 First off , this product is fine . It fits my chair and the quality is pretty good . It 's a little hard to figure out the front and back - kinda wish there was a label or marking , but the handle in the front is the only way of knowing aside from trial and error . I also wish there was an easier way to fold the product so that it can be stored while not in use neatly.But the reason I am giving this review only two stars is because the seller lists the dimensions of the BOX and not of the actual chair cover ! I wanted to buy a matching loveseat cover , two chair covers , and a bbq cover . I spent a good hour and a half searching the internet looking for the dimensions of each of the covers on outside sites - then I had to carefully match all the model numbers just to make sure I got the correct product.Come on seller , get your act together because it 's frustrating not to list the most important piece of information in the description . I 'm sure others have had to do this and they probably bought from competing sites because of it . I realize the back of the chair can be up to 27 '' high but what about the length and width ??? That is extremely important info and customers should not have to go hunting around the internet for it . The purpose of this review is so that the seller sees this review and updates the info.But other than that , the cover seems like a good quality outdoor cover . Not super amazing quality or anything , but definitely lightweight , durable , and not cheap .
 During the hot summer , the vinyl inside stuck permanently onto all the chairs and table . Contacted company who wrote a letter asking for details and pictures.Both were sent and nothing was done . Emails were not answered . Price paid wasunbelievable compared to the poor quality of this product .
 These products are described as having a PVC undercoating to resist water.In fact , water seeps through the cover and leaves your furniture wet and moldy.Poor description -- too bad .
 I originally loved these chair covers , -LRB- plus I purchased one for the table as well -RRB- . They fit perfectly , looked very elegant , and seemed to be made of sturdy material . I expected them to last for several years . I would have been delighted to then give them a 5 star rating.However , I 'm now forced to reduce my rating to only 2 stars , since I 've had to throw my covers away after only 3 years of use . The covers became so badly covered with mold and mildew that they became a complete eye-sore . I tried some of the products that are available for cleaning up mold , but to no avail . So , if you have the misfortune of living in a high humidity area , expect that you 'll need to replace your covers every 2 to 3 years , -LRB- I really should have replaced mine last year -RRB- . I would attempt laundering them , except that I 'm afraid that I would end up transferring mold and mildew to my other laundry.So , if you live in an area with high summer humidity -- these may not be your best choice . I would suggest buying a less-expensive cover that you wo n't mind throwing away after only 1 or 2 seasons of use . I know I was very sorry to have to throw mine out after so short a period of time .
 They look nice and fit great but I was dissapointed the second summer I put them out they started to leak and almost ruined all my cushions .
 This tubing comes labeled as 3/16 X 5/16 , but in no way , shape or form is this actually what it is . Somehow this company thinks they are actually selling the correct product when in fact they are not . This tubing is absolutely 3/16 ID X 1/4 OD , which makes for a 1/32 &#34; sidewall , very , very different from a 1/16 &#34; thick sidewall . I have years of experience buying 3/16 X 5/16 tubing for use as beer line , so when I found this product for such a good price on amazon I was very excited , as it was nearly 1/5 the price that I normally pay at Orchard Supply Hardware . Now I know why it is so cheap . The company was very understanding when I brought this up , but I am unsure if they will bother to change things so I am writing this review . Hope this helps anybody else who may be thinking about using this as beer line as well .
 This product did not work for me . It did not grow but then again I am not much of a gardner so do n't know if it was the product or me .
 After reading the 5 star review , I bought 2 pairs . It germinates ; however , the tender thing dies after germination no matter what I do . Not recommended .
 We followed the directions on the first disc and got nothing . So , we reread and followed them meticulously again . This time it sprouted , but just sort of got stuck at that stage . I wish I knew what we did wrong . I 'm glad it did n't set me back too much .
 Do n't waste your money . I got rid of the little pests by first finding the hole where they were coming in and cramming it with steel wool . I have n't seen them since . But it had NOTHING to do with this device . I had it plugged in for about a month and they were still coming inside just as often . It did n't appear to even phase them .
 I bought it to control the roach problem , but all it does is make a little audible flicking noise with the blinking light for added effect . I have seen them some gather near the device . I have turned the product on and off when some roaches were nearby , but they 've shown no signs of being affected by it . I 've had it plugged in for a week now , but still no sign of it working . Maybe it 's now safe to conclude that this product simply does not work .
 I bought this electronic device to get rid of mice , placed it in an outlet in my kitchen about three weeks ago . To test if this worked I put out a small bowl with `` rat bit '' . Checked that bowl today and found that is mouse has topped the `` rat bait '' with dog food . Obviously this mouse was not deterred by the noise emitted by this device .
 I bought a unit for the garage because the mice were around . Does n't look like it has helped much because they are still there . The unit is functioning properly .
 I bought this product and have n't seen any evidence that it works . Buy at your own risk . Hire an exterminator .
 I 've been having one for several months . Mice are still around :-LRB- very close to the repeller . The sound does n't bother me , but the mice do .
 When we moved into our house we realized we had a roach problem . We tried as many things as we could to try to get rid of them . The Pest-A-Repel has n't worked from the day we got it . We 've seen roaches sitting right in front of the device , seemingly unaffected . I would not recommend this device to anybody who has roaches because it does not work .
 I bought this product for a teenager as a Christmas present as he was wanting to use it at the beach and search for things . The item arrived brand new and earlier than expected . It was put together very easily and when testing it on our jewelry it works fine . However , we quickly learned this item does n't detect anything buried even just 1-2 '' below ground , if it is n't literally just below the surface , it does n't work . I sincerely doubt my son will ever use this again and I 'll probably just sell it online used and be happy if I get half my money back .
 I read the other reviews that said this was an OK detector , and that was all I was looking for , something to have fun with while spending a few days at the beach.Luckily we tried it out before hauling it 800 miles to the beach . I kid you not , within 5 minutes of putting new batteries in the Metal Detector , it stopped working . I returned it the very next day .
 I am very disappointed my 10 yr old daughter wanted a metal detector for Christmas and this is the one she got . It will not work does not have any sound after getting 3 new sets of batteries still nothing and now amazon will not take my return because i bought it in October i would not recommend this product
 Just opened the box and the headphones that came with this item were already broken . I would spend a little more and get from a different buyer with better headphones . Also one of the battery compartments does n't snap closed and have already fallen off . Guess I will be sending it back in for another one .
 I bought this for a 9 year old , and was happy with the size , the functions , the weight and the price it until we used it . The second time out , it stopped working properly .
 I purchased this for my 9 year old son and spent the night trying to figure out why it did n't work , come to find that the wiring was damaged . Received a refund and no issue with the return , I did n't like the quality of the product so I just wanted my money back .
 Purchased as a gift . This item looked good when delivered but unfortunately did n't work for us . Could n't detect coins in grass .
 I purchased this product for an 11 year old . After assembling the unit , it worked fine for approximately five minutes , then stopped operating completely . I replaced the batteries , and still nothing . Returned it .
 I bought a Hydor ARIO 3 air pump about 3 years ago which finally gave up in February and stopped working . The pump functioned well enough -LSB- before it failed -RSB- that I purchased another one of the same type to replace it . Boy , what a difference 3 years makes ! Three new pumps received from Amazon ... and all of them defective . The first and second pump I received did not pump air because the motor shaft was frozen up . The third one not only did not pump air , but it also shorted out and blew the circuit breaker when I submerged it in a sink full of water to test it ! If this had happened in an aquarium instead of the laundry tub there would have been an expensive fish fry ! This experience does not reflect poorly on Amazon ; because they truly made returning the defective pumps easy and I can not complain at all about the way I was treated by Amazon . But this brand of air pump is certainly a worthless piece of junk which is potentially hazardous -LRB- the pump is probably manufactured in China now , I 'd guess -RRB- and I feel it my civic duty to share my recent experience with Hydor AREO 3 pumps . Save your money and time and buy something else if you need an air pump ! I certainly will ...
 This item stopped working within 2 weeks of installation . I believe the problem is with the impeller , but nothing I did would make it work again . It is a total pain to setup too .
 This pump did not work when we recieved it , the impression was also that it had a light in it , it did not .
 Does not work , plain and simple . Tried every adjustment including multiple depths and varying air tube length . Junky impeller and too noisy for inside aquarium . Read crummy reviews first on the lighted versions but ignored advice . Amazon makes it easy to return , though with no postage necessary , so kudos to them .
 Basically , if you have a nylon flag , that really does n't weigh much , it 's going to furl . If the flag does n't have enough to weigh itself to hang freely , it will furl . It does however allow for `` Old Glory '' to fly freely in any direction of wind .
 I bought my ACU > RITE Wireless Weather Thermometer Model # 0078A42 4 months ago and I have had to change the AAA batteries 5 times . The LCD numbers fade quickly and you have to be at the correct angle in order to read them . For the amount of money for the product and continually having to replace batteries , I would rate this a very poor product .
 I was glad to purchase an affordable , wireless thermometer . I placed the remote sensor out of the weather in my gazebo , and the display unit by a window facing the gazebo . All worked well for a few weeks . So well in fact , that I purchased another unit to allow use of the display unit on another floor of the house . Within a few more weeks , both displays showed -- for the outside temperatures . I replaced the batteries , reset the units using the reset switch , and all was well again . Shortly thereafter , the -- returned to the displays . I moved the sensor to the outside of the window so it only had a few feet to transmit . This did not work . I tried the second sensor - it also did not work . In addition , both displays lost clarity . I changed batteries again - no improvement.I would not risk trying this model.Update after 16 months - I am now using the thermometer successfully . In order to get it to work , I placed the transmitter outside the window a few inches from the receiver . As noted in the other reviews , I could not get it to work over a distance of a few feet , but it will work through a double-pane glass and a distance of a few inches -LRB- from transmitter to receiver -RRB- . I bought a Taylor brand wireless thermometer , and it works great through an exterior wall and a distance of 20 feet . I recommend purchasing Taylor brand instead .
 The remote died . Tried reset . Changed batteries . Seems there is a poor connection inside . It had similar temp readings as the nearby international airport , SJC , so probably accurate .
 Can not recommend this item . Compared to other weather stations I have it uses batteries 3 x as fast . Does not update temps good even tho the sensor is less than 12 ft away . Same brand at Walmart , and was considerably less than the posted price here of over $ 25 .
 I bought this gadget at a local retailer because it looked like exactly what I wanted . It 's small , unobtrusive , and easy to read display . Most of the other units that I looked at have too much crap in their displays . I do n't want to see barometric pressure , wind speed , rain meters , moon phases , calendar , clock , or graphic displays of clouds , rain , or sun . In that regard , this unit is perfect . You get to see only indoor and outdoor temperatures . It was just what I wanted . However , I have to give this thing the worst rating possible because it eats batteries at an absurd rate . I have owned this unit for 13 months , and have spent just over $ 40 for batteries during that time period . Yikes !! The batteries in the display unit will only last 7 - 10 days . It does n't matter that much if I use cheap drug store batteries or pricey Duracells or Energizers . The distance between the sending unit and receiving unit will affect the battery life . The way that I had it set up was 18 feet between the units with nothing but a window to interfere with the line of sight . I noticed that if I put the display unit closer to the window -LRB- 7 feet distance bewtween units -RRB- , then I could get an extra day or two out of the batteries . Big deal . I got rid of this thing in a garage sale this summer . I sold it for 50 cents .
 I too had the problem of the remote reading -- after 2 weeks of tranmitting just 50 ' away in my greenhouse . After spending a fortune replacing batteries every 2 weeks like clockwork , I returned the item for refund . I have an earlier model which does n't eat batteries , but the additional remotes are no longer available for it . Will be purchasing the Taylor 1458 and additional remotes to monitor all my greenhouses .
 Much the same experience as the other reviewers reported . The sensor would stop reporting temps to the receiver even though only 5 feet apart through open space . Bettery life seemed okay , at least for 3 - 4 weeks while I tried this product . I checked battery condition thinking that might be the cause of the problem , but all batteries showed GOOD on the tester . -LRB- See comments about battery life by other reviewers . -RRB- I am returning this product , and possibly going for a different brand .
 Pros
 I have had my FIMCO sprayer for 5 years now . During that time there has not been a year go by where I have not had several problems . The price of the sprayer is certainly attractive but there are a lot of hidden costs with repairs , and downtime . Here are a few things I have experienced with mine.The first year I had it , the tank developed a small hole in the bottom where the plastic had kinked slightly due to the poor construction of the mounting hardware . I have used silicone sealant on the inside to fix this problem . It usually needs redone annually.I had chemicals that were leaking out of my pressure gauge . I removed the gauge and just plugged the port.The pump broke . I think I paid $ 90 for a replacement . No cheap fix there ... The sprayer handle stopped working . I cut it off and used a spray handle from an old pump up sprayer I had lying around.PERFORMANCE NOTES : The pump is not very powerful and the screen setup inside the tank is small . Some chemicals will leave a small residue against the screen and drastically reduce output . To clear the screen the the tank must be empty . This can be quite inconvenient at times.For those who may be spraying more costly chemicals like those that target hard to get weeds you will need to plan on possibly using more product . I have never found any way to adjust the boom nozzles to give me a truly uniform coverage . I know that my materials costs are higher than necessary when I use this.If you do n't mind the leaks this unit may be ok for the occasional user . It certainly has an attractive price point . Really consider taking the unit inside or winterizing it . It does n't handle the freezing well at all .
 my 40 gal , gasoline engine powered sprayer had less than two hours use when the first piece broke , the pressure guage . i replaced it with a liquid filled guage , guage works great now . with less than 24 hours use logged i have replaced the engine , the pump , almost all the fittings , and the bearings in the wheels . I would not recommend buying any FIMCO products .
 I have used Fimco Sprayers for 10 years . At first they were great , lasted me 2-3 years and I have 10 acres of industrial buildings to take care of -LRB- lots of spraying -RRB- . Then about 5 years ago they only lasted 1 year tops . Until 2011 , this year alone We have gone through 4 Sprayers ! IFA said it is one of the most returned items . The pump gives out and the pile of garbage leaves you sitting there with 25 gallons of spray and no way to use it.Unless you love driving around to return things and pointlessly wasting your time , do n't buy it .
 Normally I do not do reviews , but I was compelled to by this product . I bought it to replace my 10 year old fan spray that is leaking . Right out of the box , the valve leaked worse than the one I was replacing - and I use it on a low pressure system . Looks great and nice solid metal , but for me it is worthless . Recommend you buy another product .
 I bought these chips when I ordered my smoker , only to find out that my local grocery had the same selection at a much better price . These were not bad chips , just not worth the extra cost and shipping over getting them locally .
 Home Depot sells exactly the same product for $ 3.99 a bag . I 'm a bit disappointed to find them this expensive at Amazon .
 You can purchase two to three time the amount of these wood chip at your local Wal-Mart store for the same $ $ $ s or less .
 i put 4 traps around my kitchen where mice are most active ... floor and counter tops.put peanut butter on small cracker in each and waited . for two weeks i continued to replace food and only ever found empty traps and mouse poop around them.this product is poorly designed .
 GenTran is pushing the classification of 30 AMP on this product . Please note , it is NOT a 2-Pole 30 AMP Generator Panel ! It is a 2-Pole 20 AMP Generator Panel meant for a Single-Pole 30 AMP Generator.You can not connect 2 circuits that share a neutral to the Generator , or a 240-Volt appliance!This was not listed accurately in the product description or specifications at the time of purchase . To find this out , you would have to do extensive product research , or like me , and order the product to find the `` wrong product shipped , '' return it for exchange , to then receive the same product and pull the spec manual out and read through it.Electricians - please be sure you are ordering the right panel , if ordering this panel!Non - Electricians - please check with your electrician BEFORE ordering this panel . It is a single-phase 120-volt 30 AMP max rated panel . If you have a single phase 240-volt 30 AMP Generator , this panel will undercut the actual capacity of your generator by 10 AMPs each phase .
 I expected more from the product . The wind must be just right for it to function as I think it should . Too much wind or too little wind wo n't work . I ca n't imagine it working inside the house . I bought several as gifts I am curious for my friends ' opinions .
 I usually try to find the good in things but when I read another review about this product , I had to add my 2 cents . I also bought my potting soil at Menards this season . I usually buy Miracle Grow at Menards but they must have done some deal with Schultz to only carry the Shultz brand . It 's AWFUL ! When I potted my plants -LRB- some 40 + pots -RRB- , I had to break down clumps of dirt and manure -LRB- yuck -RRB- , and pull out stones . It weighs a ton and retains too much water . Most of my begonias have died and there are tall grasses growing in the sunny pots . I would have been better off to dig up soil from my yard than to use this potting soil . Worst I 've ever used ! I was also unable to buy Miracle Grow plant food at Menards as they only carry the Schultz brand . Well , after my experience with their potting soil , I refuse to buy their plant food and have found Miracle Grow at other retailers .
 I bought 4 bags of this at Menard 's 2 weeks ago and the 1st one I opened contained about 75 % mulch , the other 3 bags however were good gardening soil . I needed 2 more bags today and made 3 trips to Menard 's and all 6 bags were unusable . Be careful buying this junk , pinch the side of the bag to see if you can feel the mulch in there , it wo n't feel smooth if it 's mulch . The good gardening soil will feel smooth . Do n't waste the gas to drive 75 miles for nothing like I did .
 Bought this to display at the front of the house , alternating between other flags of the same size and cost . All the other flags were sewn and of heavy nylon . Deep and rich colors . This flag was a thin , single piece of nylon and screen printed in the colors . It 's already faded significantly after six months of periodic use . I would NOT buy this flag again from this vendor ...
 very disappointed to get a jar that was already opened , I buy this brand and it always comes sealed . will not buy from here again
 Does not even deserve one star ! Did not get the flag pictured . Returned it . Said on the flag package that you must call to acturally get the flag pictured ! What kind of a business is Wincraft anyway ? If I had wanted a different one I would have ordered a different one !!!
 We purchased because reviews were good , but this product is useless , and Amazon says it can not be returned . The product was difficult to start out of the box . It kept stalling out when being used , and then finally stalled out and was unable to restart . Additionally , the choke lever is backward . Full choke is down and choke off is up . This means that the choke lever is very easy to hit when in use and the engine stops every time the choke lever is accidently hit .
 Very hard to start and keep running even with premium gas . Very heavy for any extended use . If you still want it buy some quality ear and eye protection , as it is very loud . If you have electricity buy a quality electric . This thing finally wound up on the trash heap .
 I bought this rug because it is simple -LRB- i.e. no pattern -RRB- , which is hard to find . Also , the rug is large which is nice since I use it as an entry rug in front of our front door . My major complaint , though , is that after wiping your shoes on the rug , the fibers of the rug track into the house . This may not be noticeable on carpet , but I have dark wood floors and the fibers make it look like it looks like I have a shedding Golden Retriever . So while the rug does help with not tracking dirt/mud into the house , I still have to sweep daily to clean up the `` hair '' .
 I ordered my wheeled trimmer and , per the manual , assembled the handle , which is the only assembly that the manual expects from the new purchase . I filled it with gas , choked it and primed it as directed and the motor started , however the head did not spin the line . This then being beyond my expertise , I called my son to assist me . He noted that the screen on the motor was not seated , in fact the whole outer assembly was loose , which did not seem right to him . He checked it out and further determined that the shaft was not seated in order to make the head turn , so he took it apart and was able to make the adjustments to get the head to turn . This took well over an hour . He reassembled it , attempted to start it and the handle came off the starter rope handle . After replacing this and retying the knot , he once again attempted to start it . The motor started and the head with the line spun and then the motor died . He returned to the primer bulb and found that it was completely collapsed and now this is beyond HIS expertise.I contacted customer service representative , I will be taking it to one of the authorized service people for repair.I am extremely disappointed in this product , it is definitely a Monday morning assembly , as it was not even assembled correctly . Once it is properly assembled -LRB- which should have been done at the factory -RRB- perhaps I can give it a better review .
 I had previously owned a Weed Eater WT3100 which I loved but after three years of use , the starter cord broke so I had purchased a new one from Amazon since I could not find anyone in Columbus , Ohio who could service the one I had purchased at Wal-Mart . I purchased it on June 10 , 2009 and on July 10 , 2009 the pull cord broke . Of course , now I have a broken weed eater and I 'm out the purchase price of the product because there are no retailers around Columbus who repair Poulan products under warranty unless you purchased it from them . Unfortunately , no one in Columbus , Ohio stocks the wheeled trimmers . Based on my experience I would not recommend purchase of this product unless Poulan comes up with a better warranty procedure and a more durable pull cord .
 I did not even complete the job of trimming my lawn when the weed eater quit working . I was not able to restart it because the pull cord became lock in place . Rendering itself non-usable .
 Received the unit and prepared to work ... the unit would crank to but the cutting head would not turn . Had to find a repair shop that did warranty work -LRB- 25 miles away -RRB- before the first use . Diagnosis -- drive tube had not been inserted all the way so the unit had to be disassembled for repair and reassembled . Two more weeks of not being able to do trim work . Hopefully , it will now work as I had hoped.The appeal of the unit was it 's lighter weight and smaller size . Would I buy it again , probably . . but preferably through a local dealer . I will add that this is the first and ONLY time I have ever been disappointed with a purchase through Amazon
 Do n't purchase this item . I purchased it for my husband for Father 's day . When it came , it would n't start , called the company and they gave us a local repr for repair . He stated it would cost more than it is worth to fix it so I sent it back . Know I have to deal with Amazon , to get my money back which I doubt I will never get because of their return policy . Very discouraged and felt Amazon purchased rejects from Weed Eater to dump on their customers . I will never order from AMAZON 's warehouse again.Weed Eater WT3100 16-Inch 31cc 2-Cycle Gas Powered Dual-Cut Wheeled String Trimmer
 My Weedeater was defective . The Trimmer head cable was not connected and the engine was not installed correctly . I had to take it to a repair station before I could use it .
 I thought this was such a great deal . I have never had any trouble with any refurbished product before now . The motor comes on great , starts up with not problem . The thing that turns the string to actually cut the weeds and grass does n't turn . I took it apart , as I am usually handy and found the problem . Unfortunately , the problem is recurring . We have had it for a month now and have yet to weedeat one blade of grass . Do n't even try to get a hold of the manufacturer ! They wo n't do anything , thats if you can even get a hold of someone . BIG WASTE OF MONEY AND MY TIME !!! Do not buy from this company . All they had to do was turn it on to see it did not work , but they sold it to me anyway . I suggest that Amazon drops this company from their stable , they do n't live up to Amazons standards !!!!! I might as well have throw away the $ 88.00 .
 I purchased my brand new Weed Eater Wheeled Trimmer at Wal-Mart , after seeing it marked down to $ 79.97 . Quite a deal , I thought , since it sold for about $ 150.00 a couple of weeks before , -LRB- I think I know now why they were dumping them -RRB- and I 've owned Weed Eater products all my life.It was easy to assemble , and after a few minutes I was pushing it around my back yard cutting weeds . After 40 minutes of use , and after the trimmer had already fallen over several times , it fell over again , digging the .115 string into the ground and throwing a quarter sized rock at my face at a frightning speed . The rock hit me right below the left eye and split the skin open right to the cheek bone . I received 7 stitches at the emergency room . I honestly thought that my cheek bone was broken because of the intense pain and the deep purple brusing covering almost half of my face.So , let me point out some quickly observed MAJOR problems with this wheeled trimmer in an attempt to save you from possible injury or disappointment .1 . The wheel base is WAY too narrow ! Even on level ground the trimmer wants to tip over . If you have uneven ground , or the occasional `` pot hole '' you 'll have to fight hard to keep the unit from falling over and the string digging ruts into the ground , or throwing rocks .2 . The trimmer it top heavy . Combine this with the narrow wheel base , and it 's a recipe for disaster .3 . The engine is TOO powerful . You may think I 'm nuts for saying this , but since the trimmer is fairly light weight and unstable , the RPM of the trimmer head is unbelievably fast . Way too fast .4 . The rock guard on the trimmer head is too small and `` somewhat '' ineffective . -LRB- I 've never been hit in the face with a rock with any other trimmer -RRB- 5 . The oddly shaped hand grips are too narrow , and you 're constantly fighting to keep the trimmer upright .6 . The speed control lever is in a bad place and it is very difficult to keep the power -LRB- or speed -RRB- where you want to be . Full speed is too much , and idle is not enough . Trying to squeeze the lever to just the right speed is hard to do , since the same hand is always trying to hold the hand grip hard enough so the unit does n't tip over .7 . It 's too short . I 'm 6 foot tall and I had to bend over to grip the handles . If you 're just over 5 feet , it should be perfect for you.All in all , Weed Eater had a good idea here . BUT , I find it VERY hard to believe they ever tested the trimmer in someone 's backyard before it went to market . If the wheel base were about 10 inches wider , I do n't think the trimmer would fall over . The rock guard , power lever , handle grips and height of the unit could also use some re-design . I wo n't be using the trimmer again , and I do n't recommend that anyone use this trimmer . And by the way , if you do insist on buying one , use some serious face and eye protection ! I saw this trimmer throw a golf ball sized rock more than 30 feet . I should have stopped using it then ...
 I purchased this product December of 2006 . I had to return the first one as it arrived broken . The second one received was n't broken but attempting to assemble using the instructions was a challenge . After assembling , I wanted to at least start it . I filled the gas/oil tank primed it and it was very difficult to start . The motor was very tight . After about 10 minutes , I finally got it started . Everything seemed find , but I had no weeds to trim in December . So I pushed it into my storage area in my garage . The next morning I smelled a strong odor of gas in my garage . I looked around and found all the gas had dripped out of the tank . Apparently the bolts were not tight . I did n't want to mess with sending it back , so I took it to a authorized service dealer and they looked at it finding nothing wrong . I had to pay $ 35.00 because of this . Well when I got it home it was n't leaking , but they had taken off the tank so I am sure they fixed it without knowing . Well I used it a few times , but then the accelerator lever started misbehaving . I would push it for full throttle , but nothing would happen . So , still under warranty , I took it back to an authorized dealer and was told this is not covered under warranty and would cost $ 170.00 to repair . I took it home . I called Weed Eater , the manufacture and they basically told me sorry we can not do anything . What a waste of money . I have since purchased an Ariens Walk Behind Trimer . It was twice as much , but well worth it ! Thanks for reading and I sincerely hope no one will waste their money on this product like I did and if you do , I wish you all the best.Mark
 When the product was received the box was ok , but the weed eater was not put together correctely , and the spark plug was broken , which cost me $ 4 . oo to replace , then put the whole unit together again . As for what the product was made for , it does a great job . Not pleased at all with the shipping and the condition the weed eater was in . Thanks Bill
 I bought this little wheeled string trimmer expecting to save my back knocking down tall grass around my garden and small orchard . Whle it is a neat looking tool , it has been nearly completely useless . In fact , it turns out to be much more effort to use , and harder on the back , than a regular string trimmer . The wheels are small and hard - they absorb no shock on rough ground , and the wheelbase is so narrow that the thing is constantly tipping and difficult to control . Perhaps it is meant to trim around a manicured , perfectly flat lawn , and it may work well for that . Then again , the two-stroke engine is noisy and does not respond readily to the throttle . If you have tall grass and weeds , or uneven ground , or do n't like the mosquito-like buzz of a small , low-quality two-stroke engine , look for something else . If I could figure out how to get it back in the box I 'd return it .
 I bought this unit recently - thinking that this wheeled trimmer would be easier on my back . Was I ever wrong.First , the engine is very hard to start - plus the pull cord is strung through an eye-bolt that turns if you pull at an angle which will jam the cord.Second , I am 6 ' 4 '' and this unit 's handles are obviously too short for me . I would n't recommend using this trimmer unless you are less than 6 foot tall.Third , the wheels ca n't handle any uneven terrain - things like going over roots next to a tree require much additional force . Plus if you hit uneven terrain the front of the unit , which has no wheels , has a tendency to tip forward - giving areas you did n't want to wack a too-close trim.Fourth - Since the head is fixed you ca n't easily position this unit in hard to reach areas.Fifth - I went through two lines just doing 1/4 acre - the lines are expensive to buy.Skip this unit - for the money you can get a very good string trimmer that uses standard line .
 Just received wt3100 about 2 hours ago ... Mesh housing motor cover about 1 1/2 '' too short . Have spent the last 2 hours trying to find out how to rectify the problem . One `` authorized dealer '' inferred we got it off the back of a truck . Poulon/Weedeater pretty much blew us off and of course it 's not returnable to Amazon . BUYER BEWARE
 I received the first Weedeater and used it for about 45 minutes before the spool stopped working . I called Amazon and spoke to a rep and was told I could send it back . Thinking I would get another one sooner I paid for a second one . Later I was informed that you can not return any product that has had gasoline in it . The second Weedeater arrived and it clearly was not constructed properly . I called Amazon back again and they refunded my money for both of these defective products . Amazon was truely great about these purchases . I would not recommend to anyone to purchase one of these products . Also , if you have any problem with these products Weedeater does not have a customer service department that is of any help whatsoever .
 Okay I read all the reviews and decided that the positive outweighed the negative and ordered this as a gift for my husband . He has back problems and I thought ths would definitely help him out . We received the first one and when my husband took it out of the box it was broken . We went through the process to return it which I have to admit was quick and easy and Amazon immediately sent out a replacement . My husband opened the replacement and it looked good . He gassed it up and started it -LRB- fairly easily -RRB- and then guess what ... the head would not rotate . Yup , we have a 2nd faulty trimmer . We are now returning this one and not ordering a replacement . I am really astounded that we would receive not one but two bad ones in a row . I hope others have better luck than we did but we are off to a local store to find something that he likes that actually works .
 The Wheeled Trimmer was not assembled correctly and I had to take the wheels off and reassemble the trimmer . It took about two hours . Luckily I noticed the misassembly before I started the trimmer . It works fine now .
 I bought a reconditioned one as the price was good and found it to be as nice as new . I have used it several times in the culvert to knock down the weeds which sit in a wet environment their . With the air intake ducted into the top of the handle it is the perfect tool for some serious weed slashing . Weedeater does a good job on their reconditioned units and even put a bottle of synthetic oil in to boot !
 I received this weed eater and have had nothing but trouble with it and its barely used and not running correctly even after two trips to ace service center to have it repaired .
 I recently bought another WT3100 to replace an aging , balky one that I had . Amazon must have gotten a large batch of incorrectly manufactured ones . Sent the first back because the `` air intake screen '' -LRB- on front ; not the air filter -RRB- was loose - by about 3/4 '' or so . The front plastic piece was not far enough back . The fix is * NOT * to loosen the front plastic piece and move it back . The fix is to partially disassemble the front half of the unit so that the curved tubular piece can be correctly seated into the housing to which it is attached.This factory assembly problem is the reason that so many people report that the trimmer string does not turn after they start the engine . This curved tubular piece houses the flexible drive shaft . When delivered without being fully seated in the housing , the flexible drive shaft is not able to engage the clutch on the motor . So this fixes two major problems!You need only a 4mm Allen wrench . First loosen the two screws on the side of the front angle drive and slide off the angle drive altogether . Then remove the two screws and nuts on the clamp that holds the tubular pieces of the frame to the curved tubular piece that houses the flexible shaft from the motor . It helps a lot to have a second person assist in holding things , because this clamp that just got removed holds the motor to the frame . Now remove the front plastic piece ahead of the air intake screen , as well as the screen . Now loosen the two screws that hold the curved tubular piece in the plastic housing and shove the tubular piece further into the plastic housing until it firmly hits bottom , using a back and forth , twisting motion if needed . This is likely close to an inch deeper than you received it . Now , be sure that the far end of the curved tubular piece is pointed down -LRB- and not off to the side -RRB- . Re-tighten those screws that hold the tubular piece in - tighten them quite tight . Then reassemble all
 Weed Eater WT3100 16-Inch 31cc 2-Cycle Gas Powered Dual-Cut Wheeled String TrimmerThe spark plug wire was not connected . The wire that turns the trimmer head was not connected and was very difficult to attach . My son-in-law worked for over two hours to get the trimmer in working order . Had he not been here to do this work , I would have had to return the trimmer .
 This unit came apart when I first pulled on the starter rope -LRB- just as you 've seen described in most of the other 1-star ratings -RRB- . I was initially assured of warranty service by `` Outdoor Store '' the original seller , `` Dixie Sales '' the wholesaler and `` Poulan '' the manufacturer . And now the warranty service shop tells me that I have to pay for the repairs because Poulan has refused to . Poulan also has n't responded to my last e-mail . Anyway , Poulan and Weedeater has lost my business for life and I 'll go out of my way to warn anyone who will listen . And then there 's also Husqvarna , they apparently own Poulan . Do n't buy this trimmer until you 've looked at the negative reviews . I assure you they are true stories . And BTW , repair shop says the unit was assembled wrong in the factory .
 Short , sweet and to the point . Opened the box , assembled the handle and the trimmer head did not rotate . Made several calls to the product company who referred me to two service locations . They kept wanting to know how I assembled ... which I did n't . It came already assembled . One service location was out of business and the other would not work on the product . Thus I had to drive 45 miles one way to drop it off to someone I found , drive 45 miles back home . Then 4 days later had to drive back 45 miles to pick up the weedeater then drive BACK HOME after paying $ 37.00 because the product was NOT assembled correctly to begin with ... and of course , the company did not warrant the very product they assembled . Not happy , not pleased at all . Owned it for 10 minutes before it needed work . Do n't buy on line - buy from a company instead .
 When I received the first WT 3100 weedeater , I took it out the box , fired up up , only to find that the drive shaft had come apart in shipping . I called Amazon and they sent me a new WT 3100 in a matter of a few days with a call tag of the defective unit.Guess What ?? The newly arrived unit did n't work either . So , I have a friend -LRB- lucky for me -RRB- that works on weedeaters . After checking my warrenty status with Amazon.com and Weedeater they gave me the go to have it repaired.He was able to get the unit going and it has been running ever since . I just keep my fingers crossed each time a start it hoping it 's going to spin . I have had three back surgeries but still enjoy working around the yard . This machine has zero stress on your low back . It is a little bit clumsy compared to a normal hand held weedeater , but it is a great find for someone like myself.Happy weedeating !
 It worked well out of the box until it ran out of gas . After refueling , I pumped the primer whereupon it collapsed . The unit worked for a while , but gradually the engine seemed sluggish and unresponsive , and eventually petered out . I took it to a dealer -LRB- ditto the Weedeater customer service info problems mentioned -RRB- who replaced the primer bulb -LRB- its collapse created a vacuum that deprived the engine of fuel , he said -RRB- . It worked well until it ran out of gas . Halfway through the second tank I noticed the same engine problems gradually appearing , and the primer bulb seemed spongy . Perhaps it would be better to say the vacuum collapsed the bulb the first time . This time it went back to Amazon .
 BOUGHT UNIT ON 7/19/08 . TODAY IS 8/25/08 . I RECEIVED UNIT IN PARTIAL ASSEMBLY . THE HEAD UNIT WAS NOT CONNECTED TO THE ENGINE . HAS BEEN IN THE SHOP OFF AND ON EVERY SINCE . THE FIRST TIME THEY THOUGHT THEY HAD THE PROBLEM SOLVED . IT RAN FOR ABOUT 5 MINUTES . IT QUIT AND WOULD NOT START . IT IS STILL IN THE SHOP NOW . HOPE I WILL GET IT BACK SOMETIME NEXT WEEK.TRIED TO RETURN IT , BUT , BECAUSE IT IS GAS , THEY WOULD NOT TAKE IT BACK . I LIKE THE CONCEPT OF A WHEEL TRIMMER , BUT I WOULD NEVER BUY ANOTHER ...
 Trimmer head want turn . See my comments in the online forum for this product .
 This type of string trimmer is exactly what my wife needed and was looking for . It also had a great price point . It filled a niche perfectly for a light wheeled unit where someone with less upper body strength -LRB- who has problems with shoulder type string trimmers -RRB- , could easily use this type of trimmer and yet , it was n't one of these huge and very expensive wheeled units that can also be a bear to control.That said , Weed Eater blew this great concept by going too cheap and putting in some dubious features that just do n't hold up and create reliability & longevity issues . Some of these include a pull cord that eventually gets frayed or cut in half by an extreme angle through an overly soft aluminum eye . Or the really dumb rotating heads that literally grind themselves to death -LRB- to the tune of $ 15 - $ 20 a pop -RRB- . I could list other items , but the point is that a great design concept was basically flushed down the toilet by Weed Eater.If you want to spend a lot of time and money on repairs and replacement parts -LRB- like I have -RRB- , get one of these .
 My sister had bought one and swore by it the first time she used it . So I bought one a week later . I should of waited for her to use it a month and I could of saved $ 150.00 . It is hard to start , the bump trimmer had to be replaced First year . By the Second season I had hers for parts . And by the end of that season I now am the proud owner of two yard ornaments . Cause thats all theyre good for . So save your money and buy a bird bath or something useful but not this weed eater wt3100 .
 To Amazon Returns group I 'd like to say thank you for your great service . My returns were handled promptly and courteously . When my first unit arrived broken Amazon immediately expedite shipped me a replacement and when the replacement one arrived broken as well , they provided me a full refund plus return shipping on both units.To the people at Weed Eater ... Bummer , I gave your gas powered edger product a decent review however you may want to remove the term `` Rugged '' from your product description for this one as it appears unable to even survive shipping -LRB- oddly the boxes they shipped in were in pretty good shape , maybe they were rugged -RRB- .
 Weed Eater 16-Inch 31cc Gas-Powered Dual-Cut Wheeled Trimmer #WT 3100Got this item and it only cut for 1 minute . Had to e-mail Poulan since it is not returnable to Amazon . I had to take to a repair shop near by . They said it is not repairable . The driveshaft is too short and will not engage the cutter . I will have to try to get my money back now from Poulon .
 After reading many stunning reviews we ordered this item . The drive shaft was not even lined up properly from the factory . Some parts did n't even fit together . We never could get it to work at all . It started up but the cutter head never even went around . We sent it back and got a Stihl trimmer that we are very happy with . MUCH better quality and it actually works . We were very happy though with the way Amazon handled our return and refund . It was easy and prompt .
 I read the negative reviews but hoped for the best . Paid $ 50 for 1 day shipping . Out of the box the unit is really great looking , I added the gas an oil and it started up easily . But the string chingo wudnt turn . I took the string head off and figured out the shaft wasnt connecting . I fiddled with it for an hour and finally got the string head to turn . I got it going on some weeds on my half acre and had a heck of a time keeping it up level , its not made for uneven ground and was easily turning over . It was loud even with my hearing protectors on . Sounds just like a chain saw . But man its powerfull . Unfortunately the string head kept giving me trouble and I had to take it into the garage 4 dif times b4 I faially gave up in discust . Now i will try to find a dealer to help me with this thing . In all I spent 4 hrs and only got a 20 / 60 ' area cleard . I did more in a half hour with my lawn mower . But I can see if the string head stayed engaged and my property was level it cud be a viable unit . I wudnt recomend u purchase this thing after what I 've ben thru .
 I Liked the easy of use and the unit is light enough to maneuver on steep banks.Now for the negative ; I used two strings in about 5 minutes of use , after about ten minutes the string head seperated at the welds a bad design flaw I guess .
 Thought the weed eater looked like a cool product , however , it fell apart as soon as we used it . Really shoddy quality . I wo n't be buying another weedeater product again .
 What can I say , the thing works just like Poulan said it would.It 's very easy to start , and does a good job trimming in tight spots.Before I purchased this item I 'd read a couple of reviews stating that it seemed to use-up a lot of trim-string and that the string was expensive . I did n't find that to be case at all . The trimmer did n't seem to use any more string than most any of the other Trimmer 's that I 've owned in the past . And ... if one buys the string in bulk -LRB- 3 # rolls -RRB- it is n't all that expensive.I have no problem recommending this product to anyone .
 For a machine that I waa so delighted with and has such great possibilities this is a dud . I was given one for my birthday and within two months I had it in the shop . I finally bought another one because I thought it just had to be that one machine . It has been at the shop 3 0r 4 times and has been worked on by an authorized technician at my home twice . The shaft will not stay on so the cutter wheel does not move . The latest problem is that I can crank it but it vibrates so much that the choke lever will not stay up so it quits . I 've bought weedeater products for years because they 're light and dependable . Weedeater should discontinue this one or beef it up so it will run longer than a day or two without having to go back to the shop .
 I have a rather small yard and it takes me about 10 minutes to do my weed whacking . My TORO weed whacker uses two 10 '' segements of line in the spool . This line can not even make it thru those 10 minutes without having to be replaced . It is the softest , least durable line I have ever used and now I am stuck with a huge roll of it . What is even more flummoxing is the fact that this line at .105 is a thicker than .080 line I have used in the past yet still is less durable . How can that be ?? I will try a different brand next time .
 The one I ordered was supposed to be three pounds , and whaI got Was About One pound with a three pound sticker pasted on it . I was So disappointed .
 It 's not a bad umbrella if you are looking for a 6 foot one . The manufacturer 's description claims that it is 7.5 foot wide . I measured it and it is at most 7 foot wide -LRB- from corner to corner -RRB- , but only 6 foot from flat side to flat side . That makes it an average of 6.5 foot wide , not the 7.5 advertised by fiberbuilt .
 First one I bought was missing hardware . I returned it for a new one and had it assembled in 15 minutes
 Do n't buy this Piece of junk , The fingertip cable control for easy on/off is junk will not close stays open the numbers are not accurate .
 Ordered this piece of junk in May this year , after receiving it a part was missing ... I called this company 's customer service from May to request part 4 times ... I finally received part on JUNE 8th ! Guess what IT did n't fit correctly was too late to return it so I took a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- dollar loss ... do n't be stupid , do n't order this as I had to throw it out!Had to give it one star so that I could write this review !
 when i looked at the spreader online the discription was inviting but when it arrived is when the dissapointment started , When i attempted to assemble it the hardware package was the wrong one so i had to wait another week and a half for a new hardware package to arrive . Then after assembly i used it and it is very flimsy , The wheels do n't turn all of the time and the adjustment for the fertilizer is not very accurate . I should have just bought a Scott Spreader and been happy . P.S. I probably will . Ron P. Texas
 AFTER 1/2 HOUR OF USE THE DROP CONTROL POPPED OUT AND COULD NOT BE REPLACE TO WORK PROPERLY . REALLY BAD ENGENEERING . A BENT WIRE IN A PLASTIC HOLDER . CALED THEM AND THEY SAID THEY WILL SEND A NEW CONTROL . WE 'LL SEE IF THE NEW ONE IS AN IMPROVEMENT .
 I purchased one of these during the winter but just tried it out , the batteries last for less than one half pint of liquid , really weak pump and electrical system . I wouldnt purchase another one if they were free with free shipping .
 This product was the right size for what I wanted to do . However , the pump quit after one day of operation .
 I am not happy with this carb at all . It does not have a fuel mixture adjustment screw and the little spring that holds the choke in position fell out when I took the carb out of the box . Cheap knockoff of original Generac . Don ' t buy it !
 I have an arthritic hand condition and can not hold a normal lever-handheld watering nozzle on . In my excitement of finding this item , I bought three ; one for each outside hose that we have . However , all three nozzles broke within a few months of using them ; one within one week of my purchase . In two of them , something in the plastic watering head broke and the tops fell off . The third one , the on-off switch broke . Great idea , just needs to be made of metal or something .
 The one-touch valve broke after 8 months . It 's all plastic and there 's no way to repair it .
 To start , after about five times use I had to replace a bolt . Then alll of the nuts holding the head together consistently tried to fall off . Plus , about everyother time you try to cut something over two inches in diameter , the handels come together smashing your fingers . Do not buy these .
 After some moderate usage this product began to fall apart with nuts and bolts falling off . It looked like a reasonable quality product when I bought it but there were no reviews . With this review , there are 2 and they say about the same thing
 just used the spreader for the first time today and was disappointed right from the start . the unit has good balance and rolls easily , but the little wire clip that is suppose the keep the grass seed flowing through the holes to the spreader plate does n't work !! it is just a skinny little piece of wire and is n't effective at all . had to keep gauge holes wide open to get any seed flow . engineering must have gone on break when that part of the unit was being developed . needless to say the whole unit does n't work very well if the product you are trying to apply dose n't flow well . very disapointed !! other than that , it seems to be a well made product .
 It was 19.99 when i bought them . I thought the length and detailed construction of these loppers sounded pretty decent . So i figured , hey why not they have good reviews . I needed something to start trimming some dry rose bush branches that were at least a 1 '' in diameter . These loppers didnt cut so well and the last end of the branch had to be twisted and broken off with the lopper . I examined the blade and there was a very tiny but yet noticeable gab between the two blades . For smaller branches it works but loppers are meant for larger branches that are hard to reach and requires little twist and pull . I wish i kept the box and packaging to send back but what ever ... ill keep them for the lesser jobs and probably try something from home depot or lowes to avoid buyers remorse.Side note , these loppers werent lubricated at the joints and the black part of the bladed end is starting to shave off at the joint where the two pieces meet and grind . Kind of odd the metal appears to be painted .
 I have owned two of these pumps and both have failed with the same problem . After two years the impeller shaft broke and since it is the only moving part it 's easily replaceable . However , in both cases , the old impeller damaged the internal bearing and housing so the replacement impeller is useless . My emails to Danner Mfg go unanswered ... The pump is used in a pond only 6 months out of the year , then it is removed , cleaned , and stored in my basement until the following summer . I wo n't buy another .
 I bought this item because it seemed to have OK reviews . I recieved the item in a flimsy box . All items were in the box , so no problem . It was easy to assemble , great . I used it on flat land for about 15 minutes and the spindle broke resulting in the spreader not spreading . This item is made with plastic wheels and assembly that is not reliable . This item will break in a short period of time . I will now go purchase a better quality spreader . It may cost more but I am sure that it wo n't be made from poor quality hardware like this one . Save yourself the trouble and do not waste your time/money on this product .
 Bought spreader in June - by September the wheels literally collapsed . Amazon would not allow return/refund . Do not buy this item = it is very poor quality !
 I thought Made in the US of A meant quality . Used it one time , got it out to use it again & the axle was froze up & I ruined a big spot in my lawn .
 I used this about three times over 3 months . The wheels are very cheep plastic , and break very easily . This unit is more like a walk behind that was adapted for tractor pull . If you baby it , it might last a season or two . Otherwise buy one that is an actual brand .
 Received the product to find one part pushed out bare through side of box . Once I opened box I found two further holes and 2 parts that were missing . Called the number and they said parts would be overnighted . . I am waiting to see . Product looks reasonable but I do n't know if it will last that long . If I do not receive parts wihin a day I will return it . Did receive parts and was able to put together . Looks ok and seems to work .
 I leave my flags up 24/7 . After going through about one nylon flag a year I decided to spend a few dollars more and get a cotton flag . I chose a Valley Forge flag because it is my understanding that this flag is American made and that the company supply 's the US with flags.I have to tell you that I 'm disappointed in the flag . When I first removed the flag from the package I was shocked to feel that the material was as course as canvas . The whites are close to white but are not white . The blue appeared faded and worn out . The material was very wrinkled but figured that within a day or two after hanging , or at the worst , once it rained , the wrinkles would be gone.Two months later and the wrinkles are still there . The edges are starting to get a little tattered and the stitching is already starting to fail . The reds are beginning to bleed a little into the off-whites . This flag will fly for about another month maybe two . By then it will look as if it was really at Valley Forge.This was not worth the $ 25 . I am going back to the nylon flags that I have been buying for $ 15 . They are American made as well and are good for about a year .
 Not a great flag for presentation . The material is not a soft cotton , but rather a rough burlap-type material - not what I thought it would be . Very difficult to fold and did n't seem to be cut straight , which compounded the difficulty in folding .
 Read the reviews and thought this flag would last . It had faded badly within a few months . I would n't buy it again . Perfect for flying it indoors . Who does that ?
 The product delivered is not as pictured.The majority of the first row of stars is below the first white stripe . That is incorrect.The tag says it was made in the USA but I 'd rather think it was not since it was so poorly produced .
 I bought this flag to have it flown the flag is cut uneven which makes it 10 time harder to fold .
 The flag is really nice quality . But I was looking to frame the flag in a 3 ' x 5 ' frame . The flag is several inches wider than 5 ' and an inch or two short of 3 ' high . I 'm a little disappointed that the manufacturing could be this far off spec .
 I bought this flag from Amazon Deals for $ 7.42 , which is about all it is worth , if even that . The quality is sub par . The cotton fabric is thinly woven and you can easily/clearly see through it , much like the quality of bedsheets you get at K-mart or Walmart . I assumed for the suggested retail price , that this flag would be at least 200 thread count . It is coated in a poly resin to give it mass and strength . Without the poly resin , it would n't even be thick/capable enough for being used as a dish rag.I was planning on putting this on the flag pole outside of my house , but I do n't think it is worthy enough to take such stature.Sadly , this flag is `` Made in the USA '' , probably by illegal immigrants . With quality such as this , no wonder the US has lost our standing in the world of manufacturing .
 While the color of the shovel may have changed -LRB- from blue to red -RRB- , everything else has remained the same.This is a GREAT shovel for the first few uses but it cracks straight down the middle of the blade eventually and it 's all down hill from there ! If you do n't mind replacing it a couple of times a season then you ca n't beat this snow shovel ;-RRB- ...
 Do not purchase this product in an attempt to go `` green '' or to demonstrate the possibility of solar power.Product comes in a cheap cardboard box . Inside you are asked to cut the plastic parts yourself !! You are supplied a tube of glue to stick together the ill fitting parts !! And you guessed it , my wind turbine also did not work . This product is the worst item I have ever seen associated with a German manufacturer , if I were Amazon I would be ashamed to have this item for sale on my website .
 The company advertised the product to be 6 inches by 9inches in the description , but it is really ONLY 5.25 inches by 6 inches . I would have ordered the medium if I 'd known the size of the small one was falsely advertised .
 Dead on arrival ! Never worked . That is all I have to say . I do not know why I need to say more .
 You would think a bulb for a trades flashlight would have some life to it . I over paid for this bulb big time , I used the bulb 4 times and it burnt out what a joke . If you need a bulb for your work flash light do n't get it here go direct to the manufacturer these are cheap after market garbage .
 Purchased on 24 August 2012 and it burned out on 28 September 2012 . Maybe it was a fluke , but it 's still disappointing . The original bulb lasted several years before finally burning out .
 Havahart 1081 trap , the large one -LRB- 36x14x15 I think -RRB- , did not work right out of the box . Trap could not be set . The catch mechanism did not work . Obviously , no one checked it before it was sent . Poor quality control . Havahart customer service was good but could not get it to work . They sent me a label , paid for return and returned all my money , including shipping . The vendor I bought it from was poor and would not honor their written guarantee for paid return for a defective product .
 This is nothing like my other havahart traps that actually work . Very poorly designed and the pressure plate does not work well . Four nights in a row of feeding racoons in the trap and not setting it off is pretty bad . Be careful ordering this one ... read the other negative comments . I should have believed them more myself .
 I have a smaller cage by Havahart that is very sturdy , but this one was made out of cheap materials . The box said no assembly required , but door was n't even attached to the cage and did n't have the pieces needed to attach it . I had to attach it with zip ties . I also had to reinforce the clips which hold the cage together , make adjustments to the piece that holds the door open & and alter the eye hook on the side because it has too much give . It took a lot of time to get it working and it still does n't work every single time ... too much money for something requiring so many adjustments .
 returned first one ordered , second one had same defects , called havahart and was told all of these have the same defect
 I wasted my money , so do n't waste yours . The door will not trip and so therefore you catch no coons . I have worked with it and had my husband also . No luck . Guess it will go in the scrap iron pile .
 I have always had to borrow a live trap from my rancher friends when I need one so decided to buy my own . This one is large enough for a coon . There is a problem with the catch that sets the trap door . I had noticed in the reviews someone else had the same problem . It takes a lot of strength to set it and a lot of time to get it to work . The instruction pictures do not show the same as what the trap actually is . I have yet to catch a coon in this one . With the borrowed one I have captured as many as nine in two weeks . Because of the catch on the door , I ca n't give it very good ratings . It is too much trouble to send it back.HAVAHART CAGE TRAP
 Trap itself is ok but staples used to put cage together are too wimpy and had to be replaced by hog rings -LRB- which I had -RRB- specifically on trap door hinges and lock door ... First animal I caught -LRB- my wife 's Siamese cat-19 lbs and not fat -RRB- trashed the factory hinges and got out of the cage ... No racoon would have been held either ... Not sure the cage is worth the price ... Have since seen some as cheap and cheaper that were better built ...
 Havahart has redesigned the 1081 cage trap and has turned it into a worthless ineffective device . They have cheapened the design to the point that it does not function properly . Havahart should recall all of these units because the one I purchased did not work at all and I had to return it . Also , most , if not all , diagrams shown for this unit on the internet are of the old design and not of the flimsy design , another misrepresentation.I had the older design unit for over 6 years and it worked fine until wear and tear took its toll .
 Right out of the box this trap was a big headache . Poor instructions , very difficult to set , hair-trigger pressure plate -LRB- which causes it to shut with just a minor bump to the outside of the cage -RRB- and the poor craftsmanship -LRB- wire from uncut spring -RRB- makes it a little dangerous to the user . I have bought smaller Havahart 's traps before but this was my first one for larger animals . I have always been happy with their small traps but this larger one needs a total REDESIGNED ! Needless to say , I was very disappointed with Havahart 1081 and shipped it back the day after receiving it . The only remotely good I could say about my whole experience with it was that Amazon makes it easy to return and get a refund .
 This trap did the job of catching racoons after some modifications . The first racoon trashed the gate to escape by breaking it loose from the flimsey fasteners . The entire trap is put together with less than adequate tubular galvnized metal clips . Being uanble to buy a suitable replacement locally , I fashioned some heavy aluminum wire rings so supplement the existing clips at strategic locations . Also , the trip mehcanism at the gate is not made with sturdy wire and could cause future problems . I wo n't say do n't buy this trap , unless you do n't like the idea of beefing up some critical points .
 I bought the Tumbleweed in late fall based on positive reviews . It accepts a lot of compost-able material , and I generate a lot through home brewing . Problem was , I filled it up nearly to the mid point over the course of the winter , spinning it several times a week , until one time last week when I spun it , the spin-on top/bottom broke and all the compost fell on the ground . So , now I have a busted Tumbleweed and I 'm sure it 's not compost-able in the landfill !
 i have a SpinBin , which is a compost tumbler much like this one - and i do n't recommend them like this -LRB- i much prefer the ` wheel ' composter style -RRB- . Get ready for a workout if you get a tumbler like this - the fuller it gets , the harder it is to flip ... in addition , put on some dirty clothes every single time you get ready to do it , as the nastiest spooge -LRB- also known as `` compost tea '' -RRB- will happily fly out the vents and all over you . also , ours cracked right by the seam - and we do n't even flip it all that often because it 's so , so , so difficult to do . we were better off with a giant hole in the ground , using a shovel to turn the pile manually . the only reason this is any better is that it 's good for those who ca n't have a hole in the ground or need to save space . if you need to get a composter that tumbles , get the wheel-style composter instead with a compartment in the bottom that collects that lovely `` tea '' - nasty as it may be , it 's the nectar of life for your plants .
 I bought this tumbler about a year ago . I was very excited to get away from my compost pile and use the cleaner and `` easier '' tumbler method . Assembly of this product was nice and easy as it took 20 minutes tops . What I should have realized before buying the tumbleweed is the huge design flaw . You load the compost into the bottom of the bin and flip it every couple days ... easier said than done . This thing is very heavy to rotate so my 11 year old son ca n't run out and flip it for me . When I rotate it , it is extremely heavy and you have to shake the tumbler to get the compost to move to the other end of the bin . It is really strenuous so I replaced it for another center-rotating model that is so much easier . Composting should not be so hard.You might as well drill a couple holes in a garbage can , put a lid on it and flip it over every other day . You will get the same thing for $ 10 . I gave this two stars because it is quality , just poorly designed .
 I 've been composting for over 20 years , and finally thought I 'd upgrade to an enclosed composter that could be rotated easily and would keep the raccoons and rats out . Well , the first night , I added a few shovels of new organic matter and woke up the next day to find it spread out below the open container . Raccoons figured out how to open it . I then called Tumbleweed , and after a few attempts and several days , finally got a live person who was sympathetic . She promised to send new lids , but it 's been about 2 months , and they never arrived . I 've been holding the lids tight with bungy cords , though this makes it a bit of a hassle to add to the pile . My main problem is that once I added a few leaves and a little compost starter from my old pile it became so heavy that I can barely turn it . I 'm not a big woman , but have always been called `` tough as nails '' ... . and seriously , I 'm afraid I 'll hurt my back or pull a muscle trying to get this thing to spin . I try to swing it back and forth to get some momentum for the 180 degree -LRB- or more -RRB- spin , but some days , I just end up swearing and tramping back inside ... nagging at my husband to use his super-strength to turn the # -LRB- % @ thing . I think I 've seen one composter that has a hand crank -- maybe that design would work better for someone under 130 pounds .
 I am very disappointed in this product . Paid $ 200 based on everyone 's generally positive reviews . We live in the Northeast and it worked effectively through the late summer and fall , but as soon as the weather got cold , it stopped `` composting '' . Worse , after the first freeze , the bin contents froze and when rotating the bin in an attempt to loosen the frozen compost , the bin spun off its stand and broke into pieces when it hit the ground -LRB- from all of 6-12 '' up in the air -RRB- . Not very satisfying for 4 months of use . And the product warranty does n't cover use in temperatures below freezing -LRB- which I did n't learn until after mine broke -RRB- . This bin is useless for anyone living in cold climates .
 The unit assembled easily enough . It was short 1 nut , bolt & washer delaying the finish while I ran to the hardware store . The first batch of leaves and grass from my yard would clump in a ball at the bottom and as I turned the unit it would remain a clump and not fall past the center rod . I assumed that the mixture was too wet and added shredded newspaper to dry it . after another week there was little progress . The mixture was getting a little warm but not the heat necessary to make good compost . The mixture would still clump and I had to shake it violently to get it past the bar in the center . Now three weeks in with a mixture of grass , leaves , shredded newspaper -LRB- black and white pages only -RRB- and kitchen scraps I do n't see much progress . Cold weather is approaching and it shows little progress . The unit is 2/3 full . It is easier to turn than my piles on the ground but that seems to be the only up side . It does n't seem to be working any faster than my pile on the ground . If it does n't start heating better it will take just as long as the pile on the ground . Maybe I will have some compost in the spring ? The jury is out .
 Started my composting in September - Now it is mid March and much has degraded - probably will see faster results with warmer weather.Way too expensive for a plastic trash can with slits on the top and bottom lids - on a metal stand . Should have cost no more than $ 75.00 Do not buy !
 We bought this as we wanted to turn our vegetable/yard waste into rich compost which would be good for our garden and yard and reduce the amount of trash going into the local landfill . We followed the directions and used leaves , grass clippings , coffee grinds , and vegetable peelings , rinds , etc. , and faithfully turned it a few times a day . Even after letting it sit for weeks and eventually months -LRB- we started it in the summer , so it got plenty of heat and humidity -RRB- , when we emptied it again a week ago , we could still see the small leaves ; it had n't turned into compost at all . After emptying it , we hosed it out and then donated it . If it ca n't produce compost after months , it is n't much use . This product should be a big `` Zero '' , but that was n't an option here . Our title says it all ... Do n't Waste Your Money !!
 Not durable . Plastic tabs broke on one end after a year of use , so it was a very expensive way to generate compost . Had this not happened I still would n't have bought another , as it was very hard to turn when partially filled .
 I live near a stream which is a habitat for a lot of wildlife -LRB- Possoms , woodchucks , water rats , skunks -RRB- . Despite the composter being raised above ground , we had rats eat through the top and nest inside . I repaired the rat holes , coated it with a product that makes the plastic taste bad to steer away pests . Did n't work . Same problem occurred . We are now worm composting our kitchen scraps in my garage .
 I bought this composter with the idea that with limited yard space -LRB- I 'm built into a hill -RRB- that it would get turned on the back patio ... then I 'd have compost for my container garden and what small gardening beds we have on our property.The overall design of this composter is great . However , if you do n't have a lot of dry material to mix in with your household compost - read dry grass / straw / dry leaves - it is impossible to get good compost out of it . I do n't have much of a yard - so not much grass . It says in the instructions to use 1/3 dry matter . I 'd say 1/2 dry matter is more optimal , depending on what your particular dry matter is comprised of . If you use too much wet material -LRB- like kitchen trimmings and coffee grounds -RRB- the Tumbleweed becomes very heavy and will take you two people to turn it . I 'd recommend not filling it more than 1/2 full - ever . And make sure you have it in a sunny spot so the heat can help give you compost faster.After a year of trying to get decent compost out of it , I 've got a composter filled with glop that is n't compost . I 'm emptying the bin into the composting / yard debris bin now provided by my city -LRB- Portland -RRB- and I 'm giving this tumbleweed to a friend who has chickens ... and thus a lot of straw to compost . I think it will be very happy in their yard .
 PURCHASED TO TRAP MY CAT THAT GOT OUT , AFTER A WEEK HE FINALLY WENT INTO TRAP . UNFORTUNATELY WHEN I PICKED IT UP , THE DOOR WHICH WAS POORLY MADE WAS EASILY OPENED BY MY CAT AND NOW HE IS GONE ! TERRIBLE DESIGN
 The picture on the web shows a protected handle that stands upright . The 1050 cage I got did not have the protective plate with the handle standing upright . There is no way you can carry the cage with the animal in it without being subject to bites , scratches . The new `` handle '' is a flimsy piece of metal with two holes in it for your hand . The only way you can carry it is by having you hands protruding into the cage . I just received it yesterday , it is going back as soon as UPS can pick it up.I have a Havahart 1085 . It works great ! I will order another 1085 .
 I 've been trapping for 50 years . Using Havahart for as long as I can remember . Had to get more traps recently and discovered the current models just are not as sturdy as the old ones . Model 1045 and 1050 both worked fine for opossum , feral cat , squirrels , rabbits and raccoons . Neither held a trapped armadillo , even though armadillo pictures are on the boxes and at least one place specifically recommended the 1050 for armadillos . The armadillo just kept pushing on the bottom of the closed door until the top of the trap was bent upward enough for the spring mechanism to just flop out , so nothing held the door closed . Older models have a slightly different design and heavier reinforcing wire around the openings .
 I followed the instructions to a T. Set trap with various kinds of bait . Everytime I set the trap , I found the bait gone in the morning , the trap door closed , but NO raccoons inside ! A waste of my time and money ! But the raccoons are getting fatter .
 I bought this same model back in the 1960 's and it was excellent , but this new model is poorly designed . They should have kept the same original design .
 This one is too small to catch Squirrel . However , the one I returned before this order was too big for squirrel yet cost me extra $ 15 for return .
 Item advertised as heavy duty with felt backing . I have trash bags that are more heavy duty . Item had no felt backing as is advertised . Item was ordered for Brinkmann smoker and it fit like a sausage skin that was about 4 inches too short even though item is advertised to fit all . You would be better off buying Wal-mart heavy duty leaf bags than this item . Either I got the wrong item or the other reviews were outright lies . Brinkmann should delete name off cover and Amazon should discontinue offering item for sale . Only good thing about ordering this product is that I got a refund from Amazon without a hassle . Selling this product should be discontinued and at least placing a disclaimer on ad .
 If you are purchasing this item because you think it has a felt underling , do n't bother . That is a lie ! I have had a Brinkmann cover in the past that had a felt underling , but this one DOES NOT !!! Do n't waste your money if that is your reason for buying . The only thing it is better than is a garbage bag !
 I bought this Brinkman cover because it states it fits ALL BRINKMAN verticle smokers . It does not . My Brinkman I just got on seasonal clearance at WalMart . It is a square-top design ... no rounded top as seen here on amazon . Anyway , the cover will only go on it about 2/3 of the way due to the top of cover being rounded . It has about 12in of loose cover on the top and does n't yet cover the bottom door for the water/charcoal pans.Due to shipping cost to return ... it just ai n't worth it . I got ripped on this one .
 I thought that being the same brand as the smoker , this thing would fit like a glove and never come off . . But during our last storm , there was some wind and it blew the thing right off ... When I opened tha package , it felt like some cheap rubber plastic -LRB- kind of the the free windbreaker they gave you at sports games . . You might as well buy a generic . .
 Sometimes things are too good to be true . Loved the description and price of this product but it is neither heavy duty nor is it felt lined . This is a very workable vinyl cover for the Brinkman Smokers and is a fair deal for the price but not what was described .
 This cover is really &#34; cheap &#34; - I am not sure how long it will last simply because it is a thin plastic and I really wish it was about 3 &#34; longer so that it went all the way to the ground . The opening where you feed the heating element through is still exposed . There was no other choice of covers from Brinkman so when this one shoots craps I will buy an off brand and try it .
 ON THE POSITIVE SIDE ; IT HOLDS THE FLAG AND DOES NOT MAKE A SPOT ON THE FLAG POLE WHEN BANGING IN THE WIND . CORRISION DOES NOT GET ON THE FLAG AS SOFT METAL FASTENERS DO . THE NEGATIVE SIDE ; THE PLASTIC FASTENER LOOSES THESHAPE AND ABILITY TO HOLD THE FLAG AFTER AROUND THREE MONTHS IN THE SUN . THE FASTENERS ARE STILL WORKING BUT THEFLAG CAME OFF ONE TIME IN THE WIND . WHEN THE SHAPE CHANGES , THEY DO NOT CLOSE WITH A GOOD FIT . LARRY
 Almost 2 dollars for the clips and over 5 bucks for shipping ? This should n't even be listed on Amazon.com . What idiot would pay that ? It shouldnt cost almost 6 bucks shipping ... . SO BUYER BEWARE !!!! This will not just cost you 2 dollars.Daniel
 Bought two of these . I 'm on well water and - may - have lower water pressure than you ; higher water pressure might alleviate impact some of my experiences.Water pressure : - Tried daisy-chaining both on the same hose , but the combined pressure drop made the furthest sprinkler - very - anemic - Tried putting both on the same outlet off a `` Y '' connection , and both had much reduced coverage from what the handled alone - One stopped it 's circling within the first week
 While the actual sprinkler head works very well - smooth stream of water , even coverage , covers large area with very little noise - The spike base it was attached to had two problems . A seam in the metal directly below the sprinkler head was split , so a constant stream of water squirted out of the base . And the black cap attached to the spike base was cracked , so water also squirted out from there . I attached the sprinkler head to a different base and it works great now . So , as sold the product was useless , but could be fixed by purchasing a new spike base or using one from a different sprinkler .
 This is a safety chain !!!! Not a standard chain ! It is a special low-kickback chain , the kind with the hooked depth guides -LRB- the ones that ca n't be ground down after multiple sharping iterations . -RRB- This should absolutely be in the product description , this was a waste of my time.It should be noted that this is the same stock chain that comes with the Husky Rancher 455 and some others . If you are looking for that exact chain -LRB- and most people are not -RRB- than this is it . Most people have little use for these . `` Rancher '' or `` Farm '' entry type saws typically only have enough power to make kick-back a moderate concern . This same information can be read in your owners manual . What is driving this is liability.I was able to get straight on what I was looking for
 Cutting mixed soft and hard , chain initially cut well . However , it stretched after 10 min . of use . After 4 hours of cutting , the chain stretched beyond the adjustment screw.When cutting , he first contact with dirt causes this chain to crap out . Might as well break out a hand saw or axe ... you will sweat less.Husky 's are great saws ... . chains ... er ... not so much . Going back to Sthil chains which actually cut and last .
 The chain did not last but to cut a down tree in 14 logs , after that the chain neede to be sharpened . But the metal does not repond to the file well .
 BeachMart tries to pass this off as a name-brand product . This is NOT the well-regarded `` Windbrella '' made by Solartek . This is a cheaply made generic replica of the Windbrella . For example , the included bag does n't even fit the folded umbrella.Save you money and buy the real deal for the same price -LRB- make sure your umbrella says `` Windbrella '' -RRB- . The Solartek Windbrella is justly rated as one of the best by Good Housekeeping . Buy it ; not this !
 This cart in general is ok , however , one tire does n't stay inflated . Rather than deal with the hassle of packaging the whole cart and returning , I chose to have the tire repaired at my own expense . Amazon has no way of dealing with partial product defects . I will think twice before I would order a large item such as this from Amazon , without the ability to deal with missing/defective parts , like I can at Sears , etc. .
 Crystal Blue Lake and Pond Dye was purchased to keep moss from growing in my lake . It turned the water blue for about 3 weeks and was pretty , but it faded away . It did n't stop the moss from growing . If you do n't mind pouring it in your lake pretty often , it really makes the water a pretty blue . I bought some Curtine-plus to stop the moss and it worked , but does n't turn the water blue like Crystal Blue does . I just wish it would last longer .
 When I received the package the bottle was about one third full . It was wrapped in a plastic bag and tied , there was no leakage in the packing material so I KNOW whoever packed it for shipment knew it was NOT a full gallon . I bought the dye for my son who owns 2 3 acre ponds and WAS a potentially very good loyal customer . This was my first and LAST order from this company !!
 I 've purchased this 125BT blower in MAR 2007 , so now its 4 yrs old & it needs a new carburator according to the Husqvarna dealer . The problem is that I paid $ 175.00 for this junk blower & the new carburator costs $ 110.00 installed.So in 4 yrs . it went bad . Here 's the kicker , it was used only in the fall so maybe 10 hrs/year . DO NOT BUY THIS MODEL , you 'll be sorry you did.Wally
 I bought this product at Lowe 's at a discount with the actual blower tube missing . Since it is just a piece of plastic my thinking was how much can the tube be for a $ 200 blower since the whole motor and blower unit itself was intact . The price quoted by Husqvarna dealers was $ 130 - $ 150 + !!! Husqvarna Customer No Support was a waste of time . They just say -LRB- after a 4 day wait -RRB- that the dealer can charge whatever they want and I can only get the parts from the dealer . This may be a decent product - I do n't really know since I have not gotten to use it . But keep in mind that if it breaks , even with a small problem , the price of parts alone will exceed what the blower is worth .
 I bought the pondmaster 02920 as a new item . However , wheni received the shipment , it 's a used one . I can clearly seesome minor scratches on the surface . The UV light has somekind of plague at the connector end . Also , the packing wasloose.I am really disappointed with this type of service from amazon .
 The light was ok but they do n't tell you that you need other parts to go with it and there are no instructions at all . They do n't tell you were to place it or how to place it . I was very disappointed with that . Therefore I returned it . The return was not a problem .
 Within 2 months of using this as a gym bag , it tore at the seams in 2 different places , and 2 of the rubber zipper handles broke . Good looking bag , but low quality .
 Had this bag for four months and it 's already got a sizable tear in it - the design is great , but the material ca n't handle day to day use .
 I ordered the arkansas razorbacks gym bag and it WASNT what i ordered ! I got the bag and it is completely differnt then the picture . It only had the razorback logo on it and all red . Razorbacks was not above the logo its not anywhere on the bag and it do not have the black on the sides . It just a big red bag with a red pig on the front . It sucks . If i wanted something like that then i would have gotten it cheaper at kmart or walmart .
 The handle on the bag is poorly made . . Can we get another handle ? The bag seems to be made pretty good ... just the straps on the bag popped off when my husband was carrying it .
 i left the roller out while working on a project and it developed a 6 inch wide flat spot rendering it useless . stay away from the plastic rollers and stick to metal .
 The product was not as advertized . The original advertizing specified a steel roller . It arrived without 2 important pieces and could not be used . I followed the Amazon return process and sent the item back at a high shipping cost . When the seller was contacted they informed me that , contrary to the Amazon return process , I should not have returned the item . The seller refunded the sales price but I have not heard from Amazon . By providing bad return information Amazon has cost me return shipping . I have yet to determine my recourse against Amazon .
 Despite what the application information says , this bar and chain does NOT fit the Husqvarna 33 . The correct combo for that chain saw is P/N 108579 .
 This grill replacement did not fit my Charbroil model as listed . The original had rounded corners to fit the contour of the oven lip . I had to modify the straight corners by cutting through the weld joints and bending them round to lay flat in the corners.The grate steel ribs are space too far apart for items like hot dogs & hamburgers .
 The feeder I ordered & was delivered were not the same.There were no perches with it , not even a bottom.It was useless .
 I purchased this green house in March . Easy to assemble except had to do special cutting of pipe at end peaks , several sewn in ties not lining up with pipes . Cover is starting to disintegrate after only 7 months of use.I would like to find out how to get a replacement cover . Next time , I will buy with a warranty .
 We bought this greenhouse two years ago . The first year it worked fine . We did notice rusting on the metal pieces , and a couple of the straps broke , but is stayed together . We took it down and stored it for winter , and second assembly did not go well . The plastic pieces became brittle , and many of them broke . We were able to get it together though , until we tried the skin . The remaining straps all broke , the anchors pulled out of the skin , and one of the zippers broke . So , we 'll get two seasons out of it and it will have to go in the trash . I 'd say avoid it . I 'll be building coldframes the next time around and avoiding these cheap greenhouses .
 This greenhouse is typical of horrible Chinese quality especially where anything made of metal or plastic is involved . The connectors for the frame is the main weak link and are manufactured of incredibly brittle , breaks if you look at it , cheap plastic . When the wind blows and the greenhouse shakes , the frame connector pieces crack appart easily . They even cracked and broke appart while erecting the frame . The frame itself could have been a little heavier but for the money it would have been OK were it not for the totally crappy connectors . The door zippers are crap easily ripping away from the greenhouse material . This is a great idea done poorly . Buyer beware before buying anything of Chinese origin . By the way , the Green house 's plastic material appears to be fairly sturdy other than anywhere something is sewn to it . MY ADVICE
 This bag is advertized as a `` Wheeled Backpack '' - but it is not a backpack . It is just a wheeled daypack . There are no `` backpack '' straps along with the wheels and handle , like on other bags considered a wheeled backpack . I feel like I was misled by the item description , and purchased this expecting a pack that could be pulled as well as carried on a back . When I asked Amazon to refund my shipping fees because of an advertising error , they never responded . Disappointing ...
 I only gave them 2 stars because the feeder arrived quickly but it had scratches on the heart and when I went to put it together the suction cup that sticks to the window was missing!I was n't going to ship it back because of a few scratches but was really suprised it had them because it was in it 's original box and I did order a new one NOT a used one .
 I purchased this feeder to replace one that had broken . Supposed to be a window mount . However , once the top and bottom are screwed together , it is impossible to mount on a window because the perch is against the glass . The only way to mount is to not completely screw on the bottom , which did n't work either because it fell off . I was very disappointed , and I think my Hummingbirds were to , because there has always been a feeder on this window . It is now hanging in a tree , not where I wanted it .
 I bought this assuming it would save me water ... but it leaks . When in the OFF position , it slowly let 's water through ... so it 's never really OFF .
 I bought this model after trying another one that had a problem with not shutting off sometimes . Unfortunately , this product has the same problem . I have no idea why it is so hard to make these right , but when you set it for an hour in the evening , and wake up 8 hours later to find the water still going , you get a bit upset . Big waste of water and an expensive water bill . Save yourself time and trouble and spend $ 30 - $ 40 for a decent timer that will actually shutoff everytime !
 Lasted for part of one season . The only mechanical timer that works dependably is a Gardena .
 Switching unit from ` ON ' to ` OFF ' will turn water off but after some minutes the water is automatically turned ` on ' again . I manually turned the unit from ` ON ' to ` OFF ' and left for an overnight trip only to come back and find the water had turned ` on ' automatically and had been running all the time I was gone . What a waste of water!How do I know somebody did n't tamper with it ? I ran a test to see if the unit comes on by itself after turning it ` off ' - sure enough , it does.This unit needs to be recalled by the manufacturer !!!
 cheap and falls off at first breese of the day ... had to bend hooks to stay on tree . found this out the hard way , broke hummingbird feeder
 I tried these ant guards for they looked okay and the price was right . However , when I found that ant repellant had to be added to the inside of the bell , I did not use the guards . I use a similar product that is self contained . Complete . No additives are necessary.Margaret Marshall
 If you 're starting seedlings indoors or in a greenhouse , peat pot cups produce a white layer of mold all around the outside of the pot . Not only that , they dry out way too quickly . You could always make a 50/50 hydrogen peroxide and water mixture to spray on the outsides of the pots but IMHO I would recommend plastic seed starters or just buy a sleeve of plastic cups , punch some holes in the bottom for drainage and be done , mold free !
 These pots mold quickly around the outside of the pot and the mold stays put even after the soil dries completely between waterings . And they dry out very fast . Additionally the same seeds started in these pots as compared to reusable plastic ones seem stunted . The seedlings in the plastic pots were ready to transplant more than a week -LRB- in some cases more than 2 weeks -RRB- sooner than these . And the slugs absolutely love to hang out around the bottom of these and chow down on the seedlings when you are n't watching .
 i used all 15 pots and only 1 did not mold up . switching to plastic cups . I will never use these again .
 Be careful and read the Description of the Item that you are Buying from this Seller . I saw a picture of a Flag that i wanted and i ordered it without reading the description . So its My fault for not reading the description . However I emailed the seller and explained that the Flag they sent me was Not the Flag i saw in the Picture . They Claimed they have no control over what the picture is and told me i should take up the problem with Amazon . Again its my fault for Not reading the Description of the Item and Going on the Picture that i saw . With them Telling Me to take up the problem with Amazon instead of them Taking care of it as it is the Seller that is Selling the Flag . They then Told me that my poor Feedback wasnt called for and that Because i sent Poor Feedback they said I Sent it is just Poor Character . They said i should have contacted them to resolve the issue , But the Flag Price was .99 Cents . The shiping was almost 5 bucks . It would cost more to return the item than what the actual flag is worth.So Basically what Im getting at is Make sure you Read the Description of the Item and Dont just go Off what the Picture Shows . That was Simply My Mistake . However telling me I should contact Amazon about the wrong Picture , Wrong Answer ... They are the Seller and They should be the Ones to Contact Amazon to Correct the Problem . Again be sure and read the Description before you buy from this Seller .
 I ordered this part and a week n a half or so later I finally e-mailed them about my order and they just refunded my money . They do not have this part ... so I would n't both.A earlier rely to my order letting me know this would have been helpful .
 This trap , while strong and well-built , is useless for trapping squirrels , as it claims , because the trip mechanism requires too much force to allow the trap to trip . I have not caught one squirrel with it . They are able to remove the bait from the trap tray without tripping the mechanism and getting caught.Also , it is dangerous to set this trap , and you must be very careful . If they had simply provided a thumb screw lever on the right-hand side of the trap , one could have very safely been able to set the trap without the risk.Very disappointing product ! If you 're trying to catch squirrels , pass on this one .
 This trap is is strongly built with a very powerful spring . Setting it can be intimidating because it requires strength and care because one could easily break one 's finger or even a wrist . I 've tried setting it and found it too difficult . Because of the strong spring , releasing a caught rodent for disposal after being trapped , would be a huge , messy challenge in reverse . However , inertia on my part has prevented me from requesting a refund even though its unlikely that I will put it to use . My rating is not for use of the product , but for safety concerns . I would like to hear from users who have successfully used this trap on a continuing basis
 First let me say that the edger starts and runs well and does a good job on the grass edging.The throttle is really a design piece of junk , however . First , the cable comes unattached to the throttle . Count on spending 3 hours fooling with that since there are no instructions on attaching it . The instruction manual says there are instructions in the engine manual . WRONG !!! My opinion is that the throttle setup on the engine is n't even the correct design for this edger.So ... . after you spend forever getting the throttle cable attached and adjusted , the next person to use it -LRB- my lawn guy -RRB- moved the throttle level on the engine which is easy to do since it 's labeled and bends the throttle cable all to pieces up near the top of the handle . Again , this is hard to explain but it from a VERY poor design.I solved it by tearing off the whole remote throttle cable assembly and I just use the controls down on the engine.McLane folks were very nice when I called but offered no good solutions but they did try to help ... some wo n't even do that much.SO , good edger , ignore the throttle on the handle feature as it will either not be hooked up at the factory or will soon break anyway .
 Never have luck with plants online they die than you fight with companies huge waste of money - they say its your fault
 I know these look like a great idea but ... I used to work at a gardening center - we 'd put various kinds of plants in these and they 'd always die as soon as these started to thrive . the water all sinks to the bottom of the bag and the top of the plant is in a state of continual wilting esp . in hot weather .
 At first the item was delivered later than advertised . When I attempted to be reimbursed for the postage -LRB- which was assured if not delivered on time -RRB- all I got was a run around . After installing the timer with the recommnded feeder it will only feed one time and then the timer goes blank and must be manually reset . They offered to replace it , but only after I send the original back in . I am in the middle of our local season and recommended that they first forward me a replacment and then I would send it in and I have gotten no cooperation .
 It did not fit the pool even though it was designated for the exact pool we own . It never tied down properly and the wind would frequently take it off of the pool entirely which defeated the point of having it .
 This cover does not even stay on the pool . Not only will it not stay on due to the air vent holes water collects on the top of the cover and in falls to the bottom of the pool . Totally defeating the purpose of a pool cover . Very disappointed with Intex 's products at this point . Once again money wasted and the company has no concern for the customer .
 i thought i was buying my daughter a sundial . the product is only a pedestal . it was very disappointing .
 I 'm an old hand at growing my own sprouts . But for some reason I can not get onion sprouts to grow well . It 's not just this brand -LRB- although I had hoped this one would grow for me -RRB- it 's all brands of onion sprouts . I have even soaked the seeds over night . After several tries I have given up . Unless you have some magic formula , or extra green thumb - save your money and go for a different sprouting seed .
 The ` chrome ' cosmix spinner came yesterday . I wanted it for a gift . It looks so shiny and beautiful in the picture . Unfortunately it did n't appear that way when it came . It looks like it 's stamped out of cheap metal . It 's not shiney and polished looking and it certainly does n't appear to have a chrome finish . And the edges are rough . It looks like something that would quickly rust . On top of that it is advertised for $ 21 something and instead I was charged more than $ 34 for it . It 's going back!Oh , and I do n't know why the description for this product says that it 's made out of acrylic ????
 I bought this with idea that I could leave it outside in all sorts of weather . Wrong , this item started rusting within a couple of months . The rust was so bad that I ended up throwing it away because it looked terrible . It was a waste of money . It is a nice idea but terrible materials were used to make it .
 The battery did not work on arrival , the links for returning both required that I return it and told me it could not be returned . Calling Amazon customer service fixed this and got me a prompt credit as there were NO replacement batteries available . I got a working one from a different vendor so my little mowbot is humming along on its own again .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 The picture shown is for the older charger , the one that charges in about 5 hours . What they will ship you is the charger that takes almost 10 hours to charge . Do n't buy this one . Alas , this is the only charger left . You can not buy the charger that is pictured . The picture is not correct of what you will receive .
 This replacement works fine but may need to be replaced over time . This is my third replacement because parts making connections have broken or have become corroded . Because of the price , these placements become a concern . Printed circuit boards should n't be this expensive !
 Very disappointed in this sprayer . Did not get to use it until AFTER the return deadline had passed , so I 'm stuck with it . Great looking sprayer and heavy duty , but I had trouble securing the screw on lid tightly . It kept leaking air , no matter how tightly I tried to screw the screw the lid . Looks like a great sprayer , but ... leaked air!Cost more money but the quality was n't there . I do n't blame Amazon , just myself for not testing it sooner , and when I really needed it to do some house staining .
 When I opend the package , I found it was damaged . Although the package itself was perfactly well . The sparyer was made by heavy -LRB- very strong -RRB- metal . I suspected that it was damaged before even it was packed .
 We bought this as a second biological filter for our 1000 gallon Koi pond . The media inside our waterfall is our original -LRB- and primary -RRB- bio filter . However , the five 6-8 '' Koi that we stocked the pond with years ago have now grown to about 2 feet long . They eat a ton and `` pollute '' the water like crazy so we decided to add a bit more mechanical and biological filtration . We bought a second pump -LRB- Laguna MaxFlo 3000GPH -RRB- along with this Laguna bio filter . This new pump is in bottom of deepest part of pond -LRB- 3.5 ' -RRB- and circulates water through separate above-ground UV sterilizer and then to this Laguna bio filter which then empties back into pond . As another viewer noted , it was a hassle to find hosing that would fit the output connections of this filter . Seems to be an odd or irregular size . Regular pond hosing did n't fit so had to spend a lot of time and MUCH more $ $ $ than should be necessary to get hose that would fit and survive the elements.As far as the actual performance of this bio filter ... I have to say I 'm unimpressed . The cost of it is low compared to others that I considered which is why I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 . What I like ? - The price - Easy enough to clean . Bottom plug removes in order to drain . Lift-out compartments can be quickly hosed off.Some other bio filters are set up for easy flushing and cleaning , but cost considerably more.What I do n't like ? - It 's sort of flimsy -LRB- we laid some flat concrete pads behind the landscaping in order to level filter box andgive it some stability -RRB- - I do n't like the filtering media provided -LRB- it keeps disappearing through the output hoses -RRB- . Will replacewith better option . - Lid does n't fit snugly enough . - If you are n't careful in making sure that the two output flows are removing water from the filter at a rateequal to -LRB- or greater than -RRB- water coming in , the excess water will just spill out from under lid ... and drain your pond . - The already mentioned problem with finding output hosing to fit . I ended up having to spend $ 35 for 4.5 ' of outputhosing . - I feel that the engineering of the filter input/output and compartments is not optimal . If I do n'tclean it out at least once a week , too much dead algae and other gunk settles in the bottom . I generally onlyclean out our other biological filter -LRB- BioFalls -RRB- no more than 2-3 times a year . In order to keep the goodbacteria operating at peak , the media needs water/oxygen circulating over it constantly . If water circulatestoo fast , the bacteria does n't have enough time to do its stuff . But in the case of this bio filter , itappears to me that there is too much lower area in the box where the water does n't circulate or move thewater . As a result , the dead algae -LRB- from the UV sterilizer -RRB- and other small debris just settles in bottomand slowly decays .
 2white mesh filters do not catch enough fine matter , ie algae . Purchased a different filter material for more fine filtration . Second filter slot does not do much for filtration , so i havE loaded bio material in there instead . The filter is ok , but I was expecting a better result . Definitely needs to be cleaned EVERY DAY !
 I bought this for my Homelite trimmer . This string is much thicker than the original . The originall had a separate groove or gutter for each string . This only has one . The two strings are stuck together when spooled and are supposed to separate as it unwinds -LRB- Like some licorice does -RRB- . I do n't like this design . One of these two things seems to make the motor work harder than it did before and the motor is stalling more frequently . It 's having problems unwinding , probably because of one of the two issues above.Also , the thicker string means that it appears to be much shorter than the original , meaning I 'll have to replace it sooner.When I have to replace it again , I 'll look for something else .
 This one did n't do too good . It was wilted when I got it and I followed instructions but it still died . It was very hot temps when I ordered it so I am in the fault of buying it at a bad time .
 German ivy , escaped into the wild in moist areas , is a noxious weed capable of climbing and killing trees . It also smothers wide areas of vegetation on the soil surface . It can root from small fragments of stem . Please do n't plant this pest !
 We have a large ornamental pond with a pool type filtering system . We keep the water clear and chemically balanced and bought this foam insert to filter particulates that may drop in the water . Unfortunately , when we tried to rinse it a week after it was installed , it just simply fell apart . Maybe it will work in a different environment , but for us it was a waste of money - absolutely of no use at .
 This item is not the foam pad type filter , it is just the foam pad !! It does n't say anywhere in the description that this is just filter media . it should be listed as filter media . not as a foam pad external filter .
 I had a question on this product and I could n't contact the company . I emailed twice with no response and I called and waited on the phone for 40 minutes then was disconnected . I would only buy any product from Oregon Scientific if you are not going to care if it works or not because the customer service is non existent .
 I bought this item recently on March 2007 , about a month later the pump stopped working ... . To my opinion , this is not a good product . . Do n't buy this , search other brands instead !
 The battery life is about what you expect and mechanically the machine works well . The problem with this machine is the power . It really does n't have enough power to adequatly till the ground unless the ground is pretty mushy in the first place.For two years I 've tried to use this tiller and after a 1/2 hour or less I end up pushing it aside and just using my hand tiller or my shovel.I would strongly recomend anyone thinking of buying a tiller to spend a little more money and get something that will work more effectively .
 This thing is a total POS , Unless you beds are topspil straight from the bag dont waste your money . It will not remove any weeds at all , even the really small ones . I would give it 0 stars but they make me give it at least 1
 I tried the machine in undisturbed soil the day after a heavy rain when the soil was softer . Trying to work at a depth of several inches , the machine was slow , the torque was insufficient , and the battery lasted about 20 minutes . Might be OK for an existing garden that previously required a gas tiller .
 This was totally useless in trying to work some clay here in my garden in Houston . Tried using both before and after a rain - the cultivator did nothing . I tried making sure weeds were cleared first and all that happened was that the tines -LRB- sp ? -RRB- just spun . Live and learn . Guess I will try an electric Mantis tiller or something like that . Learned -LRB- once again -RRB- that you get what you pay for .
 The only way I found this device works well is in previously cultivated or at least dug up moist soil , and , under such conditions , it worked admirably -- loosening the soil to the entire dept of the tines ; but not in a timely manner . Plus it did n't make a dent in packed , dry soil nor did it remove the weeds . As to its weeding capabilities after a lengthy time period it did destroy small weeds , those not more than 1 1/2 '' tall . Larger weeds got tangled in the tines . I do not recommend this cultivator over the standard rotary ones because I still had to loosen the earth , wet it down if dry , then use this tool to break the soil into smaller pieces suitable for planting seeds -- removing taller , sturdy weeds all the while by hand .
 Cultivate ? This machine barely stirs the soil . It 's really quite useless , and a fully charged battery lasts less than an hour . I have a Black and Decker weed trimmer , which is a similar design , and it works great . Takes the same battery , and the batteries last a long time .
 I bought this cultivator based on reviews I read here . After using it twice I am returning it . For any serious gardener this thing is almost useless . The battery life is less than 1/2 hour , so I could n't even cultivate around one 30 foot row of tomato plants without charging it twice , which takes at least 3 hours each time to charge . To use it effectively , I had to push it into the ground , back up 2 inches , push it in again , and so on . So effectively one is cultivating a 2 '' by 6 '' section with each push , which is slow going , let me tell you . I will be buying a gas-powered cultivator to do some real gardening in the future .
 Bought this at Lowes after reading the reviews here . Completely useless for tilling or removing weeds , even in soft dirt . I do n't understand the favorable ratings ... this simply does not work effectively and a simple hoe would finish more quickly and with less physical effort .
 I used this for 5-10 minutes before it broke . Maybe it was just my unit , but I was very dissappointed . I did n't even use on hard ground . The ground that I used it on I had already done by hand , so it choked on an easy job . The motor started grinding and the gears stopped moving .
 My new house had a couple of garden plots and I was itching to do some gardening , so after reading some positive reviews here I purchased a new Black & Decker GC818 18-Volt Electric Garden Cultivator . I already have other Black & Decker tools that use the same 18 volt battery and I had several charged , so I was ready to get to work as soon as this product arrived . I plugged in a freshly charged battery , brought the Black & Decker GC818 18-Volt Electric Garden Cultivator out to the garden , and boy did that thing ever shake those plants . I used it to shake those plants up and down the plot for over an hour -- going through three batteries before I was worn out and decided to hit the garden with aTroy-Bilt TB154 9-Inch 6.5 Amp Electric Garden Cultivator/Tillerso I could pull some weeds . I 'm pretty new to gardening so I do n't know exactly what the purpose of a plant shaker is or when you are supposed to use one , but thanks to the Black & Decker GC818 18-Volt Cordless Electric Garden Cultivator , when it comes time to shake the petunias this year I 'll be ready .
 Bought this at Lowes and am so happy that it has a 30 day money back guarantee , because it 's going back . I had to dig the dirt to lossen it and it barely went thru the loose dirt . I bought it so I would n't have to use the shovel . Save you 're money and get the exercise .
 Black & Decker is a fraud . Now that I have your attention , let me back that up
 Product FeaturesPrepares soil for planting and seedingPowered by an 18-volt battery -LRB- wouldnt you assume it comes with it -RRB- Adjustable telescoping shaft and soft grips for longterm comfortWeighs 8.0 pounds ; 2-year warrantyPerfect for general weeding and soil aerationOk ... where in this description does it say that it comes with no battery or charger ????? I would of never ordered if it didnt ! Even the picture shows the product with a battery attached!What a joke , customer service of no help and now wont answer my emails . I wouldnt buy from this company !
 I am very disappointed in this product . I read all the reviews and was convinced this was just the thing for my small garden . I spent an hour doing one row and much of that time I was pulling grass out of the blades . I was so impressed with the reviews that I purchased an extra battery and blades . Not sure what I 'm doing different from those who wrote such glowing reviews .
 This product will not work on a garden 2 days after rain as it does not have the power to turn dry dirt . I suppose if you used it every day to keep the dirt soft or used a larger -LRB- motor driven -RRB- tiller before using this one , it would be o.k. , although a huge waist of time . I would have given this a minus rating , however , none was available . Do n't waste you money on this .
 This is a good soil &#34; mixer &#34; but it does noting for clipping off the weeds below the soil line . It needs &#34; L &#34; shaped tines to be a better tool that does the job .
 I bought this because we have some garden beds with some gnarly weeds and I was wanting to start up a new vegetable garden ... it works great if you already have loose soil ... but if you have dense or compacted soil or even heavens forbid - clay , you 're wasting your time and money . I live in Cincinnati where the earth is half clay , half dirt . I followed the directions and waited until the ground was plenty dry -LRB- a week after the last rain -RRB- and it was almost impossible to use . I 'm seriously thinking of taking it back because I made more progress with a hoe in a half hour than I did with this cultivator in an hour which really disappoints me because I was eyeballing this for the longest time .
 it did not work for my yard . there is so much of noise while operating this cultivator . i tried contacting the vendor and they in turn directly told me to contact the manufacturer . if your soil is hard or clay , pls . do not buy this unit . i saw so many review and bought this one . also the battery dies out so fast . i should have got the corded unit .
 I saw these and did a quick impulse buy , did n't really pay attention to the design . I thought the ring was to hold the end piece of food from falling off during grilling -LRB- which is a problem I often have -RRB- , but it is to aid in pushing the food off the skewer . Traditional skewers do n't have a big handle wasting precious real estate on the grill , these handles are very long , and quite useless when heated to grilling temperatures . You ca n't grab them to turn the kabob , you have to let them cool off , and by then you might as well have removed the kabob contents for serving . I think these would be fine for the little hibatchi or a tiny open grill where the handles can hang off the side away from heat . Oh well , live and learn .
 As a seasoned griller , I have used a number of similar products . Although still a big fan of Weber grills , their accessories are of increasingly poor quality . This item stains easily and is difficult to clean . Furthermore , it 's awkward handles cause it to claim more real estate than its worth . The only thing professional about this is the name . Save yourself the time and nerve of cleaning this piece of garbage and use some tin foil .
 Good idea , maybe I have not learned how to use it well but I find that this gets stained easily and is hard to get clean . It does keep the veggies and fish from slipping through the grill but I can get the same effect from pan cooking or using foil instead . I do n't think I would purchase this again . Overall I have loved all my weber products , this is my least favorite .
 Not as advertised it says it is a kit , - one would assume that it was a kit too be used over and over , not at all happy !!! too much money and would never order again !!
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 Got this to plant strawberries in , only got about 20 in it . Says max 6ft , only if you have 1 tier . The strawberries grew great with it , but the problem is when you weed around it they just rip out the plant next to it since there is not much room for the roots . Wish I would of got something else to grow my stawberries in .
 My wife and I were planning to plant lots of bulbs and flowers for next year . She had over 300 different flower bulbs , And oranimental bushes and trees . We saw these really nice and seem easy to maintain Pyramid 3-Tier Garden Planters that were 6 # across and 6 '' high each tier corrigated alimunim with 2 smaller rings to form a really pretty Pyramid which was supposed to hold 75 plants , And also had a built in sprinkler included with tools . That sounds pretty good huh ? I ordered 2 . Well the day that our Pyramids were due to arrive I had a local contractor haul 5 tons of top soil in the morning which was dumped in my yard . Then our mail arrived and the 2 items we purchased were not the 2 items we purchased . Nevertheless I was very upset we received two 3 tier Patio planters that were about 3 feet across and were made to assemble on your patio not even a sprinkler system ! I called Amazon as they were the sellers of this item . The customer service man was very understanding and nice and told me that they would overnight ship the right Pyramid System . He did just as he told me and the next day I was anticipally waiting and UPS brought me two 2 tier patio planters a small oustide diameter as the 1st two . I was furious because it was supposed to rain that evening . So another call and the service representive was a little reluctant but sent me after they `` investigated '' what was going wrong . It did rain and pour that night and I have a yardfull of mud now . Then another few days later I got exactaly the same thing I just sent back the wrong item again . Also during this sad time I had with Amazon I started shopping at other places on the internet for this item and some sites had pictures that matched what they were selling like www.seedland.com so the evening I received the wrong item earlier I bought the right one Amazon advertised and could ` nt deliver on from Seedland . com and it is really nice . The customer service people were pretty good to me especially the 1st guy . But when a customer buys an item he really expecta he should get the right item !
 Last timne I checked universal meant almost every product.This head will not fit any trimmer that requires a smaller diameter thread.Not sure why they couldnt include -LRB- for the hefty price they are charging -RRB- a simple one bolt adapter that would truly make this universal.Instead it fits a very very narrow band of products that it lists .
 Terrible product . Valves began failing within 4 months of very moderate use - 15 mins daily.No visible problem or clogging in valve ; they just refuse to work and emit a high pitched whine.This darn thing killed half my plants . After a month or two of reliable performance , I did n't check it daily - is n't that THE POINT ?! That i do n't have to go out 2 times a day and make sure things are being watered ? By the time i traced the high pitched whine to the valves , the damage from weeks of watering-if-it-feels-like-it had been done.Unless you want to go out every day and watch the product to make sure it ' ; s working , you 'd do better off to buy a $ 5 watering can.Cannot overstate the horribleness of this product .
 I HAD WRITTEN EARLIER ON HOW I COULD TELL AS SOON AS I TOOK IT OUT OF THE BOX THAT THE PC-14 WAS A BETTER MADE HAMMOCK THAN OTHERS I HAD FOUND.HOWEVER , AFTER USING IT FOR APRX . 2 MOS , SOME OF THE ROPES HAVE ALREADY BROKEN AND AGAIN , I FIND MY SELF DISAPPOINTED . I TOOK IT IN EVERY NIGHT AND NEVER LEFT IT OUT IN THE RAIN.USUALLY ONLY MYSELF OR MY DAUGHTER USED IT ALONE . OCCASIONALLY THE BOTH US US WOULD LAY IN IT TOGETHER WITH OUR HEADS AT EITHER END READING.THERE WERE NO SMALL KIDS JUMPING ON IT OR ANY EXCESSIVE WEIGHT PUT ON IT.THE ROPES STARTED TO FRAY WITHIN 2 WEEKS FROM FRICTION IN THE WOOD SPREADERS.AFTER SEVERAL YEARS OF TRYING TO FIND A HAMMOCK THAT LASTS FOR MORE THAN 1 SEASON , I QUIT . I 'M GETTING RID OF THE STAND AND GOING BACK TO LAWN CHAIRS !
 BEWARE ! This product is not 11 feet long as advertised . It 's actually 13.5 feet long . Look it up on the merchant 's -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- website and see for yourself . Do a search for `` PC-14 '' Hammock and you will find it.Unfortunately , I only relied on the Amazon listing , and only realized the hammock was too long when -LSB- ... -RSB- sent me the confirmation email which stated it was 13.5 feet long . The really bad part is that I was out of town on an extended trip and could n't return the item with the 30 day return period . They eventually let me return it , but they refused to refund ANY of the shipping costs , so it ended up costing me $ 38 to ship to Brooklyn , NY from Tucson , AZ. I feel this was completely unacceptable due to their incorrect product dimensions on Amazon . Buyer beware !!
 I bought this hammock for my husband for Father 's Day 2002 . We stored it inside during the winter months . Still , this spring one of the ropes has popped . I imagine others will follow . Bummer .
 This hammock , when I got it was really dirty.And as soon as i hung it up it ripped ! It wasnt even stretched 4 feet !! What a rip !
 I saw another reviewer had the same problem I had with this hammock . I received it and hung it from two trees . The longest I could get the body of it was about 5 feet long . I returned the hammock and am scrambling at the last minute to find a Father 's day gift . I see some good reviews , but beware that you may get a 5 foot hammock . If you order , be willing to pay return shipping , mine cost -- , as you may not get a hammock long enough for an adult to rest in .
 This product is not the same as what is listed . The product description states that it is 60 `` x 84 '' and is 13 ` long . We tried to stretch it with no luck . Fully stretched out flat we measured it as 57 '' x 67 '' and 11 ' in total legnth . That makes the body just over 5.5 ' long - way too small . We 're sending it back .
 I tried this hammock and sent it back . ... I found the hammock to be coarsely constructed . The webbing is thick cotton cord -LRB- almost rope -RRB- that presses into the skin . The main support cords were not of uniform length , so the hammock did not hang straight -LRB- although not a problem when you lay in it . -RRB- The spreader bars are varnished hardwood , but of some cheap tropical hardwood and very low quality fit and finish . The cotton cord will show dirt very quickly . Perhaps okay if you want a really cheap hammock , as that is what this is . ...
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 WRONG DIMENSIONS ARE STATED IN REVIEW . HAD TO RETURN TWICE . WILL SAY AMAZON DID A GREAT JOB RETURNING PRODUCT AND REFUNDING MY MONEY
 NO STARS IS NOT AN OPTION SO I MUST GIVE THIS ONE STAR-THE AD FOR MASTER MARK PLASTOCS 29220 EDGE MASTER TRIM CLEARLY STATES 2 20 FOOT ROLLS OF EDGING PER PACKAGE . THERE IS ONLY 20 FEET OF EDGING PER PACKAGE . THE EDGING IS SO THIN AND WIGGLY THAT IT REALLY SHOULD BE 40 FEET OF EDGING FOR THE SAME PRICE THAT I PAID . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU WANT DECENT EDGING AND VALUE HONESTY.I DID NOT RETURN THE PRODUCT BECAUSE IT WAS UNROLLED AND UNWIELDY . BUYER BEWARE .
 I was expecting to receive this item , but when I got it , I was disappointed , because it does n't come with any screws , so I have n't set it up because I could n't find a right screws to hang it up .
 I have n't purchased this item . Is it weather proof ? Someone mentioned that it is quite heavy so I would like to leave it at our cookout area permanently . Would the weather harm it in any way ? Also , how is it cleaned ? Can you use regular detergent or does it require something special ?
 as in the other belt made by this company go to your local farm store and buy one they cost more but will last more than 2 days or a single season
 SUPER FAST SHIPPING BUT !!!! tabs on one side are broken off . I will try to assemble as is maybe somehow patch it was n't worth the 45.00 off for this . Always take a chance when u buy on line .
 Received this product without any assembly instructions . I assume it snaps together , but having a hard time figuring out what goes where .
 Although the Amazon page states that there is a $ 15.00 shipping charge for the item , the actual shipping and handling charge is around $ 39 . I have contacted Amazon about this , and they take no responsibility for their shipping charge statement .
 Nice looking but far too small to be of much use . The interior dimensions are MUCH smaller than the outside . If you want to store cushions , you need to get a 99 gallon size .
 It was missing side panels , and took 2-weeks to get replacement parts , so pool & deck time lost . Plus it can not be sat on by 2-people it looks good , but will not hold 1 weighty person or 2-people light .
 I thought my outdoor chair cushions would fit because the advertised dimensions of the deck box are a couple of inches larger than the cushions . Wrong ! Once I got it assembled I learned that the INSIDE of the box is only 17 x 19 x 37 inches . The box is really sturdy , though , because I was unable to disassemble it in order to return it . Suncast 's customer service department confirms that once the box is assembled it 's permanent . So I 'm stuck with it . I 'm sure I can find some use for the box but will have to store my chair cushions somewhere else .
 I ordered two of these at Christmas time , one for myself and one as a gift . BOTH arrived damaged . The packaging tells how to order replacement parts -- apparently breakage is an on-going problem -- but no phone number for Suncast . I expected a durable , usable box and neither of us got what we expected . Two thumbs down .
 Looked around at deck boxes and thought this one might be a good choice based on the number of positive reviews . Unfortunately , the small hinged portion on top of the lid is not at all weather-tight and fills will rain water . The rain water then runs down the two slots cut for the gas-assist cylinders into the interior or the box where it puddles in the bottom since there is no outlet for it.Also , the hinges on the top lid failed after two months and probably no more than 12-15 openings and closings . They are extremely an extremely small molding given the size of the lid and the force put on it by the gas-assist cylinders . However , at the Suncast site I was able to order a new lid under warranty , so it may be that the new lid will have better-designed hinges . If not , I 'll probably be ordering a new lid every few months until the warranty runs out.My recommendation from this point forward would be to get a box with a one-piece domed lid and hope the hinging mechanism is better designed than this one . I 'll fill the slots where the cylinders attach to the lid with silicone and that should stop the water caught in the top tray from spilling down inside the box . However , the tray will still catch water when it rains so the only real recourse to standing water in the lid is to seal the whole thing shut with silicone , thus creating a one-piece lid.I hope Suncast reads these reviews and asks the designer -LRB- or design team -RRB- `` What were you thinking ? '' when you designed the box this way . I do n't expect an inexpensive deck box to be a water-tight vault , but an inch of standing water in the bottom of the box just does n't cut it ... and the box is in a somewhat rain-protected area.I 'd be willing to give Suncast another try given the ease with which warranty service is provided , but I would definitely read over the reviews much more closely next time .
 Hinge on one side of the lid failed after 3 weeks of use . Called the manufacturer -LRB- Suncast -RRB- for replacement lid , but was told they do not warranty deck boxes and a new lid would cost $ 40 . The hinge is poorly designed -LRB- weak plastic -RRB- as it ca n't withstand the force of the gas pistons that keep the lid open . The replacement lid would have failed again without some kind of home remedy to fortify the hinge.Thank you to Amazon 's excellent customer service for standing behind a product that even the manufacturer would not.I would not recommend purchase of the Suncast DB12000PB 127-gallon Deck Box .
 I am disappointed with this product , but glad I did n't pay full price . I do n't think it 's worth $ 50.00 let alone the regular price of $ 100.00 . The `` stay dry design '' is partially true ... the rain runs off the domed lid , however , the construction is not `` air tight '' . The bottom is not a solid piece so items you store inside are still vulnerable to the elements.The fact that no tools are needed means it basically snaps together .
 It is not well made , horribly package for shipping and unexpectedly difficult to assemble . I returned it because it was defective and I wanted no part of a second one .
 I was very disappointed in this Deck Box . While simple to assemble , the pieces do not go together squarely and therefore the entire unit is wracked and does not close tightly . And I made sure to store it under the eave of the house under the porch overhang as I am positive it will keep nothing dry over the winter . I would n't buy it again .
 The product came damaged , a corner of the top was broken off . We glued it back into place because this was easier than dealing with return shipping . It functions okay , but would like a lot better without the 're - attached look ' .
 I purchased this box partly because of the price . After it arrived I found that although it is useful for keeping my patio free of clutter , it is nothing more than a cheaply made plastic box . Now if it was made like a Tyco kids products I would rate it higher , but it is more like a plastic trashcan , that surely will end up on the curb with them in the not to distant future .
 It said that this box was large enough to hold chair cushions but it is n't .
 Received this product and the locking mechanism appeared to be smashed/melted . Considering I just purchased new cushions for patio furniture was looking for good storage box . Where I really do n't care about the locking mechanism per se , I do expect a new product to at least look new . Customer service did not give a hard time when I reported the issue , but said it would be 2 weeks before I could get a replacement part . After hauling cushions back and forth from the shed for weeks , decided to call back . They found the issue I reported but could not tell me whether it had been shipped or when it would get here.Still waiting ... . Not happy .
 Did any one have trouble getting the hinges lined up ? I have n't been able to do it after a good hour of trying . Please help if you can .
 Is this the same storage box?At least 2 reviewers reported a price of $ 24 . The current price is $ 59.99 List price is listed as $ 75Is this the same storage box ?
 Do not buy this box . The first one arrived damage and the replacement was damaged as well . Amazon stated the box is more problematic than thought and ca n't send a third to replace it . Great ! I waited for three weeks and still do n't have a box . I will go to the grocery store and get a cardboard box for free !
 I received this and it was missing the fron panel , si now it sits on my pier waiting for the wind to take it away
 The product itself is decent quality as expected from Suncoast . However , there is no way to lock the top so the wind wo n't blow it open on the dock . This is a major flaw by the manufacturer .
 I returned this Deck Box the next day I received it . The body of the box was OK but not the lid . It might have been deformed on the way of transportation . It did n't align with the edge of the box , that leave a big gap at the opening , and rain might get into the box . It is also hard to disassemble . So , check everything very well before you put it together , otherwise , you would have to use 10 times the effort to take it down to pieces and you could n't do that without breaking some of the click-in nuts .
 The deck box is nice looking and it was easy to set up , but it was n't as big as I expected . It does n't hold 4 chair cushions like I thought it would . The first night it rained everything inside stayed dry , but something happened to the lid where we now ca n't close it properly and when it rains everything inside gets wet .
 The hinge broke on this box after less than a week . Stick to rubbermaid .
 Have had 2 years and it was leaking water from the in-tube side . I tried to change the o-rings following the instructions . However , when I popped out the black in-tube piece , it popped out with such force that it hit my face above my upper lip and cut it open . I now have a half-inch vertical slit on my top lip covered with a butterfly strip . It bled a lot . I still can not figure out how to get to the O-ring to change it . Is there a hose reel that a 100 lb. , 5 ' 2 '' woman can easily and safely perform o-ring maintenance ?
 This basic model needs to be assembled unlike the ones available at local home improvement stores . I found the unit to be flimsy and leaking water compared to my next hose reel purchase at Sears for $ 19.95 . If you are visiting Sears anyways , you can get a better one for cheaper price and YES , you do n't have to figure out how to put all those plastic pieces together .
 The hose connector assembly that passes through the frame into the hub of the reel and connects to the hose has stress cracks running longitudinally through the black tube of the connector . These cracks result in unacceptable leakage . I checked on the latest Suncast Hose Reel Carts and they use the same style connector . This is a part that is easily replaceable if replacement parts are made available . Ideally the part that cracks should be made of a thicker , stronger plastic . At first I was tempted simply to discard the hose reel with the cracked part , but when I saw the apparently same part on the new reels , I decided to bring it to your attention . Thank you for the opportunity to voice my concern about one of your products .
 Very cheap . Handle is made of cheap plastic and will break . Leaks , but i did change the O-ring . Front of unit to light and lifts up when I wind up the hose . I do n't recommend you buy this , but that 's your decision . Needs to be made of stronger plastics .
 I have had a number of these Suncast units over the last five years , and the reel is not sufficiently strong to hold 200 feet of the 5/8 '' Craftsman Best -LRB- rubber -RRB- hose which is very heavy . I have bought four of these units just to replace the reel assembly because it seems to be virtually impossible to get repair parts . Even though we do not use the hose that often because of the sprinkler system , the reel does not last much more than a year or so . At the time I bought these units , they were the only ones I could find that had at least a 200 foot capacity.Also , I have replaced the wheels and installed a metal axle because of the hose weight.This unit may be satisfactory if you use a lighter-weight or shorter rubber hose , but it definitely does not have the durability for 225 feet of rubber hose .
 I purchased this not too long ago . As soon as I opened the box and began to put it together I noticed that the main frame the `` A '' portion was exactly the same part as the other `` A '' portion . Therefore you could n't possibley put it together at all . Save yourself some time , pain , and suffering and just buy one at Wal-Mart or something .
 The manual is very unclear and confusing . There are numbers in the manual but not on the parts . It took me a long time to figure it out how to put it together . I ended up returning it to the store . Very frustrating experience !
 The plastic connector leaks due to stress cracking . No replacement part is available . A previous reviewer indicated that recent Suncast models still use the same connector . I would not buy another Suncast hose reel for this reason regardless of the cost .
 Product is too flimsy for even occasional use . Amazon would beter serve its customers by not selling this product .
 First of all it does n't hold 225 hose , It barely holds 200 ft. and even at that it 's over the spool . The drift pins that hold the handle did n't last a week I had to replace them with heaver screws . Then the front cross peace keeps coming off every time I move it . I used it today and the cross peace finally broke off ... That 's it I went to a farm supply store and bought a steel , four wheel cart , on sale for $ 64 . Now were talking . The Suncast is going to the recycle center in the morning . Never again .
 This product is of dubious design and quality . Using it provides for a garden hose management solution that is moderately better than just keeping the hose in a pile . The plastic used is thin and it appears a matter of time before something goes awry and breaks or falls off . Also - assembly is not difficult but you can tell the engineering behind the product is second rate . It works for now but I am less than confident in this being a long term solution . Its one of the cheapest hose-coiling devices available and when you get it you will see why you saved some money on it - because its not a good product .
 Suncast HRC200 Hosemobile 225-Foot Hose Reel CartI 'm very disappointed with the materials that went into the construction of the Suncast HRC200 225-Foot Hose Reel Cart . The wheels are too small and the gauge of plastic for the overall cart is too thin to provide reasonable support for heavy hoses containing water . The cart always leaned to one side or the other and was hard to move . I used it for one season and finally ended up putting it out with the trash . What 's a shame is the Suncast Hose Reel I previously had for 7 years worked just great .
 For my occasional use it is satisfactory . It is light and breaks easily . What I need now is a new handle . Can I get it from you or at a local store ?
 Might be suitable for occasional use with a lightweight hose , but if your needs are any greater than that , keep away , spend a few extra bucks for a beefier product .
 The reel is easy to use however it does n't last -- the handle broke after a couple of years .
 I bought this model to replace the Suncast Smart Trak Hose box that broke after about 10 weeks of barely being used ... this model broke the first time I tried to wind a 50 ft hose onto it . They all break in the same place , where the take up barrel meets the winding wheel . Do yourself a favor and stay away from the products made by Suncast ... spend a few dollars more and buy something more sturdy , In the end it will save you money . . and a headache
 This hose reel is a waste of money . The cart itself is ok but for some ungodly reason they use a cheap plastic elbow connection . Why not add a few dollars to the cost and use a brass connector . The instructions clearly state the need for caution when attaching a hose to this part . I was extremely careful and still could not get the hose attached without stripping the plastic threads . I was shocked to find this was an American made product and not some piece of crap from China . Needless to say I packed it up and returned it to the store where I purchased it . This is an open letter to Suncast . America can do better than this .
 I 'd been dealing with a hose reel cart I purchased from a large home repair retailer for about five years . Shortly after the purchase , the handle broke , making any and all attempts to move the cart around difficult . Because it was n't exactly cheap , I put up with it . After purchasing this cart from Amazon , I 'm thinking the other one , even in its less-than-perfect condition , was better than what I have now . There 's no real sturdiness to this cart at all -LRB- and I thought the other one was n't very sturdy -RRB- . The Suncast cart is OK and serves its purpose . I just do n't find it to be very durable . ------------------------------ UPDATE
 Just once in a while , I think it would be a good idea for the management of a company to take their products home and use them for a while before marketing them . My husband bought this hose reel which causes me to lose my pleasing personality everytime I use it . First of all , it wants to tip over at times as you pull out the hose . Secondly it is flimsy and you can actually rock it from side to side . The major complaint is when you are unreeling the hose , as you pull it , the hose will slip over the outside of the reel and become wedged between the outside of the reel and the stand . This happens constantly . The spacing could not have been made more perfect for this continual annoyance . Do n't even get me started with reeling it in . Do n't buy this model .
 The outtube cracked on my Hosemobile HRC200 in the same place other reviewers mentioned . I ordered one from Suncast based on the tiny pictures on the website . It did n't fit . When I described my outtube , the lady at Suncast customer service quickly exclaimed that they had depleted their stock of ` those ' replacements . I asked if there was any other option to repair the unit . She said NO ! then abruptly said `` GOODBYE '' and hung up . Honestly , I had been upbeat with her during the entire -LRB- short -RRB- conversation . I now own a cracked outtube and a new useless one . Obviously my next reel will not be a SUNCAST model .
 This was easily the poorest quality item I have ever purchased at Home Depot - and that is saying something . I should have known what I was getting myself into when I noticed that almost all of the boxes on the shelf holding this item had already been opened -LSB- a sign that they had possibly been purchased and returned -RSB- . I ignored this warning and found an unopened box and purchased it.My second clue should have been when I got home and opened the box , only to discover several pieces of flimsy plastic requiring assembly following a poorly-worded instruction booklet . It was n't exactly rocket science to assemble , but neither did the flimsiness improve once assembly was complete.Finally , I was given yet a third sign that this was not a top-shelf item when it did not provide instructions or screws for mounting to a brick/masonry wall . The instruction booklet simply said that the screws provided were for wood or siding mount , and for masonry , to consult with your local hardware store . When consulted , the Home Depot professional advised that the task required a pack of masonry screws -LRB- $ 10 - or 25 % of the cost of the original hose reel -RRB- and a 5/32 masonry drill bit -LRB- thank goodness I already owned one -RRB- . Foolishly optimistic , I purchased the masonry screws and continued the installation process.When mounted to the wall , there is no way to tighten the screws holding the reel -LRB- the reel housing covers the screws -RRB- , and as a result , when cranked , the whole assembly would jump up and down.Despite all of the above setbacks , I was resigned to my purchase , until I discovered that , far from holding the 250 ' of hose as described on the box , it held 100 ' feet comfortably , and one could squeeze another 50 ' on with a careful and exact reeling method.Well , that was the last straw , and I am making yet a third trip to Home Depot to return this item where it can rejoin its opened-and-returned brethren on the shelf .
 I bought this item to replace a broken Suncast hose real -LRB- one that rests on the ground ... . I thought I would upgrade to the wall mount model -RRB- . Everything mounted and installed fine . But after 3 months of light and infrequent use -LRB- maybe used it 8 times ? -RRB- , the sides warped outwards causing the reel to disconnect and drop down . Instead of being connected at both sides and sitting horizontal , the reel is now connected at only one end and hangs at a 45 degree angle . There 's no way to fix it . -LRB- I posted a customer photo ... . look right below the manufacturer 's photo for the link . See for yourself . -RRB- Suncast ripped me off by selling cheap junk that promptly breaks under normal use . Lesson learned the hard way
 This hose reel installs with four screws that are 15 '' apart : -LRB- Since it is designed as a wall mount I was hopping for 16 '' on center mounting capabilites.Most exterior walls do have particle board or plywood sheeting under the siding , but after a few years of use I suspect this will come lose .
 Stay away from this one ! It 's of extremely poor quality and not very sturdy . The sides of the reel warped within 24 hours of exposure to the afternoon sun , and the hose guide split the first time I used the reel . One positive thing , though ; the water supply tube does n't leak .
 These hose reels do n't appear to be very well made . The hose guide is more trouble than it 's worth . It needs a bottom support to be of much use . These are for very light use . I doubt they will last me one season in my yard .
 The unit is very poorly made , came apart three times in the first month of use . The hose guide has totally fallen apart and the guides simply fell out of the unit . Installed as per instructions after I purchase the necessary bolts which do not come with the unit however it is very wobbly at best . Unless you are installing it on a brick wall you need to take care that the mounting holes are 15 '' apart not 16 '' to fit normal stud location . I will be replacing it with a Rapid Reel or similar unit .
 I have been using it infrequently for about a month now and my comment is that it is bad . The build quality is low , it broke after several uses . Really unreliable . The hose guide is useless.Very disappointed.Don ' t buy it , seriously .
 Poorly designed crank handle flimsy and weak broke under normal gentle use
 I purchased this hose reel after relocating my hose bib made our side-winding real impractical . Big mistake and will be attempting to return it to Home Depot .1 -RRB- One of the snap-fit pieces never fully `` clicked '' -LRB- it was part of the center spool -RRB- . This may not have been a problem in and of itself , but it was bothersome nonetheless .2 -RRB- It was very difficult to mark the hole locations . Directions said to use the back of the unit as a template , but it was nearly impossible to fit a pencil through the cramped spaces from which to access the mounting holes . On top of that , it was SO FLIMSY that it twisted and bent , making it difficult to rely on it being in place when attempting to mark the holes . I eventually made a cardboard template , which was difficult given the pencil issue .3 -RRB- It is IMPOSSIBLE to tighten the screws after mounting - no wrench or screwdriver could fit into the spaces you have .4 -RRB- I have vinyl on top of wood lap siding . The lap siding is sufficient to mount the screws . And despite -LRB- 3 -RRB- , above , I got the screws nice and tight so that the unit was VERY SNUG after mounting it . Yet what happened the first time I attached a hose and began to wind it ? It came lose from the wall on the first crank . Despite it being impossible to have the screws any tighter.Very , VERY poor design for something that is under this kind of stress . I 'm taking it back tonight .
 To be succinct :1 . Gave the product two chances .2 . Product failed in less than two years both times3 . Hose `` Guide '' did n't work on either . Removed them4 . Attachment to brick wall could n't be tightened in place -- no access . As result , was loose and would come off wall on upstroke of retrieval .5 . Connection of retriever wheel to reel failed making retrieval a manual task .6 . Lessen finally learned . Ordered aluminum reel . We 'll see .7 . `` No Stars '' was n't an option or I would have chosen that one .
 The size of this unit makes it appear that it can handle a very long length of hose . It is quite heavy when attached to the exterior brick and you know that eventually your anchors are going to pull out from the weight . Last but not least , the spool is completely broken in half after less than a year . I have now been bitten 3 times on Suncast products . I would give this zero stars if I could . I will definitely tell my husband not to waste any more money on this brand when he is at Lowes .
 I am very disappointed in this hose reel . I have owned Suncast hose reels in the past and was only replacing it because it sprung a leak after so many years . The new one was somewhat of a challenge to put together but with the directions you could follow them if you paid attention . My BIG complaint is the holes for attaching the hose reel to the house are at 15 inches on center . Who in their right mind would do that when every thing is built with studs at 16 inches on center . This meant you had to apply a board to the house and attach the reel to the board . Next problem , the bottom screws for attaching it to the house -LRB- board -RRB- were impossible to get to and screw in the hex screw with any thing other than a small handled screw driver or hex driver as there was no room to get a tool or drill in that position . Also there is no template included . Or measurements for that matter . It was like they do n't want you to figure out the holes are only 15 inches on center in advance . I wish that there had been a replacement for the part that split on my old one as it was better made and had the holes to hang it at 16 inches on center . My next one will not be a Suncast unless they wise up and build them for here in the U.S.
 The Suncast TWM200 is an inferior product in all respects . I purchased this same model locally last summer and it did not last a full year before its plastic parts began to loosen up and , worse , leak like crazy . By leak , I mean the water pressure would force the parts to loosen up so water would gush out from the seal . There was no way to fix it . Yes , I used it with a high quality rubber hose that surely weighs more than cheaper plastic hoses , but that should not be an issue for a quality hose reel product . I had been reasonably satisfied with earlier Suncast wall mount models but those were of a higher quality . This most recent design is terrible . So , I spent more and purchasd an all metal Rapid Reel and have been totally impressed with the high quality of the materials and components . They even supply all the tools needed to install and assemble it except for the drill bit and electric drill . The instuctions were easy to understand . Other reviews seem to echo similar sentiments . Do yourself a favor -- spend a bit more and I think you will be pleased .
 I guess this product is not made to withstand direct sunlight . My unit turned brittle after 12 months of use and the right wheel 's mechanical parts fell apart .
 I bought this to use in my back yard . After 6 months the rotating seal would pop out every time I turned on the water and then walked somewhere reeling out the hose and nozzle to sprinkle my plants . To not have the supply hose pop off and geyser water I had to first stretch out the hose to the location I wanted to water , then walk back and turn on the water faucet and then walk back to the nozzle and use it . A pain . The water pressure from the faucet is n't high at all . I tried screwing in the rotating seal plate , which kept it from blowing off , but then the entire hose reel would pop off the supply connector and squirt water everywhere.Conclusion
 This hose reel lasted about 1 month . After installing properly and attaching to a brick wall , the reel broke at the plastic holes where the bolts connect this product to the wall . Do n't bother purchasing . The design flaw could be easily corrected but , I assume , Suncast does n't see the need to manufacture a quality product . Look elsewhere for a better wall mount hose reel .
 The product feels weak , like it might break at any time . Not the sturdy quality of my other hose reel . AND - the directions must have been written by a jerk who never tried to execute them with a clear mind . I 'm 65 years old , can read and understand , and have assembled many things in my lifetime . Without doubt , these are the worst directions I 've ever encountered . And they did not `` lose something in translation '' - they were written in English ! I would n't recommend purchasing this product .
 Stay away at all costs ! Cheap materials , very flimsy , bad design , and the hose guide is horrible because it slides on a single square shaped rod which prevents it from sliding back and forth very easily . Not that big of an issue when winding up the hose -LRB- but still a bit annoying -RRB- , but when you 're walking across your yard pulling out hose and the guide wo n't move , you 'll be cussing under your breath as you walk back to the house to move the guide . I only purchased this because it 's was the best of my choices less than a year ago at The Home Depot . Last Sunday this POS literally just fell apart in my hands ! The inner hub snapped off the outside wheels and the entire unit just fell apart . Also , I remember the mounting braces where so flimsy by the third day it was mounted in started to fall off the wall -LRB- I rigged up a better way to mount it ... something the mfg. should have done from the start -RRB- Do yourself a favor and get the `` Ames True Temper 23887B Hose King Hose Reel '' which is available from Amazon and others . It 's MUCH sturdier , the hose guide runs along two smooth round rods that make for a very easy wind/unwind experience , and they do n't leak . I 've owned five of these over the last 15 years -LRB- none ever broke ... I just kept upgrading to a bigger house and leaving them behind -RRB- .
 I mounted on the side of the house and it was perfect for pulling the hose out to the front of my house . But Two years later I see the back FRAME broke and it is barely hanging on the wall.It was only used it 1-2 times a month and the part that broke is behind the wheel which means UV ray damage was probably not the issue.I Can not believe that in 2 years I have thrown out BOTH suncast reels -LRB- read my other review on the RSH-125 -RRB- I ca n't believe we are filling up the landfills THIS QUICKLY . I am just a Joe homeowner and I have chucked 2 hosereels in the trash in 2 years.Go with Metal - Buy once , Cry once .
 I 've had this for four years . It leaked from day one . Finally took it down to see if I could fix it . The replacement part from Suncast costs 64 cents but the shipping is $ 9.50 . On a 4 year old item , replacing the part does n't make sense . Since this hose is right next to my front door , I have to have some sort of reel . I 'll look elsewhere .
 I received this item with a severely warped spindle . Did not want to hassle with returning and used the spindle I had from my old one with the broken base . So , basically I paid for just a new base . Can not believe the QC people did not catch this . Also the hose for connecting this to the water spout is too short to be useful .
 I have 2 of these units . Both have broken off the wall after only 2 years . The plastic can not take the Florida sun , hardens and becomes brittle . I did not have the hose connection problems as others have had . Plastic is not good in the sun !
 First , you should note neither the box nor the printed instructions from Suncast contain a warranty because there is no warranty . I called Suncast and was told that they warrant that the reel is not defective at time of purchase only . If anything breaks , you need to buy a replacement part which , when you add shipping , will cost you the same amount as a whole new unit.Second , the way this unit is constructed , the cheap plastic will break , either from the weight of the hose or from the force of pulling on the hose to unwind it.Therefore , I suggest you look elsewhere for a well made hose reel .
 I spent 90 minutes anchoring this reel on my stone wall , and then when I tried it with my 100 ft. hose , the top bent a bit off the wall so the reel would n't spin properly . Weak plastic. ,
 This hose reel seemed quick flimsy and cheap made . It came with a warped reel and is hard to roll the hose up . We have had several other Suncoast hose reels in the passed and have been VERY satisfied with them . Are they just making everything cheaper these days ????
 My hose reel is just about to part company with the frame . Through fairly light use over the past two years , or so , the spokes of the hub section have broken in two . I have a 75 foot hose attached and try not to be too agressive rolling up the hose , but it appears the frame is just too flimsy . This reel was a replacemnt for the previous model I bought in 1993 -- it lasted about 14 years before the frame broke . The previous model also had rollers that reduced friction while rolling onto the reel . For my installation , the design of this reel is the best -LRB- I need a side feed -RRB- . The good news is that there has been little leakage and I do n't store the reel indoors during the winter -LRB- just drain the hose at both ends -RRB- . I 'm looking for a more sturdy reel . I just wish this company would go back to their old design and quality .
 This item lasted maybe 3 weeks before it started to crack on the base , just above the hub for the hose reel . They say it 's good for 100 ' of hose , but I do n't think they are taking into account the wt . of the water in that hose . I really like the design concept , but they need to reinforce it in a few places so it stands up better .
 We just bought and installed this today - it leaks like a sieve ! We are taking it back to the store - I do not recommend this product at all . I had to give it one star to post the review , but I would n't give it 1/2 star .
 Purchased from Amazon 6/08 along with a 75ft Apex Neverkink 5000 hose . Kudos to Amazon for many happy purchases!This hose filled the reel with no room to spare - you must have to have a cheap 100ft hose to reach that capacity ... Now -LRB- 8/09 -RRB- the reel has broken . The weight of the hose had stressed the plastic and cracked the mounting base . Searching the Suncast website for warrantee info , I found that this model is not even listed on their products page any longer - seems to be replaced with a SWA100 , and looking at the manual for that model they seem to have re-designed the base to be substantially beefier.I 'm going to try my luck at getting this replaced , but will have to look at it closely to see if there is anything that can be done to add support to the base to prevent this in the future.As far as leaks , I had no issue , but I did follow the manufacturers instructions by applying the supplied lubricant to the o-rings , and re-lubed in the spring with Vaseline.O-rings are not meant to operate DRY in a movable seal !
 I wonder how people buy this and think it wo n't eventually leak.Maybe using a cheap , lightweight 25 ' hose might be ok , but for any real heavy duty 75 or 100 ' garden hose , forget it.Besides it 's only supported on one end , the other mistake .
 not a good buy . the plastic connection between the main hose and the wheel typically leaks and when you really try and screw it down , the plastic threads tear . go metal if possible .
 I wish Amazon , Lowe 's , Meijer 's and the other chains would carry all steel reels with brass fittings and a quality baked enamel finish . My parent 's steel reel lasted 20 + years . The threaded plastic connector failed on my reel and now water sprays in all directions . I ca n't find a steel model anywhere , including the internet . Will probably revert to a simple wall mounted hose hanger .
 First off , the mounting hardware was totally inadequate , it just pulled out of the wall until I reinstalled with much bigger screws . The problem is a single screw at the top holds most of the weight . Once I got that fixed , the reel leaked some , which was n't a big deal.Then after only 3 months , the reel literally fell apart , the plastic breaking from the weight of the hose . The hose was 100 ft. 5/8 in. , exactly what it is supposed to hold . The warranty only covers replacement , but why would I want another piece of junk ?
 The fatal flaw with the design of this hose reel is that it can not support the weight of a 100 ' hose full of water . The first problem was that the wheel part wanted to separate from the spindle due to the weight of hose . Finally the part you screw to the wall gave way and broke in half after about a year . This is a waste of money - anything plastic is essentially junk . I have now replaced it with a full metal version from another maker that was about three times the price . It looks like it will work forever . Also , this reel BARELY is able to hold 100ft of 5/8 '' hose . It is probably more suited for 50 or 75ft . If I had it to do all over again , I would have purchased a quality reel the first time .
 Product works fine no trouble with it the first year , this spring the first time I turned on the water it leaked like a down pour . The rubber O rings had dried out . No problem I thought right . Just run over to the hardware or Home Depot and pick up two .20 cent O rings . Ha I have been to Home Depot , hardware stores , auto parts , plumbing supply ect . No one has the .20 cent O rings to fix this product . So you have a big leak or go buy a new hose reel !
 Since I wanted a sleek and inexpensive side mounted garden hose reel , I bought this Suncast model . At first it appeared to work well , but revealed its underlying structural weakness over not much time and sun exposure . Its plastic hub/axle is too thin and weak to hold even 75 feet of 5/8 inch hose . Within 9 months time , I ended up replacing this entire unit twice and even got a free replacement hub from Suncast on attempt # 3 . There is NO WAY you will be able to fit 100 feet of 5/8 inch hose on this reel because my 75 feet of hose was almost spilling over ! The hose connection within the reel developed a fierce squirting leak due to the Boa effect . You should not reel in the hose with the pressure turned off . Otherwise when you turn the pressure back on with the hose reeled in , the hose will act like a Boa and constrict the hose reel apart along with crushing and crimping the hose connection within the reel . While I am sure the Boa effect occurs with other hose reels too , I am convinced that a metal reel/wheel will be needed to last over time . I am not going to waste anymore time trying to make plastic work . You get what you pay for .
 3 , all broken with in 1 year use each time . Do not buy this , cheap plastic will crack at the mount every time .
 I just returned the first one of these I purchased from Amazon because it arrived in a crushed box and was warped . When I got home from the post office I saw that the replacement one had arrived . The box was crushed even worse than the first one , and the reel had stains on it . It appears to be a return . Since the reel is less warped than the first one , and since it is such a pain to ship it back , I probably will keep this one . But due to such lousy shipping I certainly will look at Amazon 's competitors when I order my next item .
 While it may well hold 100 feet of 5/8 '' hose , your garden hose is likely bigger than 5/8 '' . Our hose is 1 '' in size and thus we were disappointed to find that this reel is not big enough to hold all of the hose .
 It leaks at the O-rings whenever it experiences water pressure . It 's a design flaw ... it ca n't not leak .
 Lid does not fit . Ca n't snap it on as the lousy instructions suggest.Been in my garage for 4 months . I eventually will have to add two steel hinges for it to work .
 This was the most frustrating item I have ever put together . I had all the sides together and the lid would not fit . I turned , pull , pushed , swore and finally precede to use a metal mallet ! That was the trick . If I could have taken the box back apart it would have gone back for a refund . If you have the patience of a saint purchase otherwise do n't bother
 This box is not of good quality . The quality has deteriorated from our previous Deck Box by the same manufacturer . However , we are using it and it looks nice .
 This product is not engineered to assemble well . The panels can not be pressed together as indicated . This product is an embarrassment to American engineering and that is shameful . Two adults weighing 170 lbs . each could not press pieces together . Suncast tried to produce a product cheaply resulting in a flawed design which will be returned .
 Bought 3 of these and was pleased to see Made In USA on the box . I was very disappointed in the quality however . No tools are required for assembly but we found them hard to assemble with fist pounding . One corner shattered before popping into place . The wheels spun just fine before the end pieces were attached but when assembled they would n't roll at all . We tried cutting away the parts of the joining tabs that slide into place against the wheels but it did n't help . None of the 3 deck boxes ' wheels roll . So I consider these boxes cheap pieces of plastic junk that I 'm just going to use , abuse , and throw into a landfill like a good little American consumer .
 Got a new patio -LRB- not a porch -RRB- poured last summer and decided to buy new deck boxes ... At the end of the season I put my patio cushions in it along with other items . Just opened the boxes today . and the entire bottom was full of water ... about 3 '' and EVERYTHING is moldy and ruined ! I am currently looking for rubbermade containers ... When it seems to good to be true , it probably is ... Suncast deckbox with wheels and a seat on top
 Definitly too small to store cushions - I have the smaller version as well and there really is n't much difference between the two except for the price - I was sorry I bought this - I was extremely dissapointed - I would n't have been happy with this item at a lower price but the expense makes it even worse .
 This product was impossible to put together . It cracked when we were trying to snap the pieces together and yes we were following the direction . I will not buy this brand again , ever !!! I bought it to store our bird seed in . I am off to the store for something else !
 We returned this item because the quality was so poor that the pieces would not attach together . The connector clips were very thin and made assembly impossible . The pictures show this deck box to be attractive but in person it looks extremely cheap .
 This hose reel is rated at 100 foot capacity , but it will not reel my 75 foot hose in completely.As if that is n't bad enough , it starts to `` walk with you '' when you pull the hose , instead of letting the hose freely run off the spindle.When reeling the hose back in , the box jumps all over the place and if you try to hold it down with your foot on the footrest underneath , risk a twisted or cut ankle.I imagine it would be a very nice product for someone with a 25 foot hose .
 This was actually a replacement for one that did n't have a long life . The fittings on this have leaked from day one . The lid is not really hinged . Therefore , every time you open and close the lid it seems like you are actually `` forcing '' it , which I 'm sure you are . You must roll the handle carefully and make sure your hose does not kink while being re-wound . After 3 summers the fittings have completely given way , and this huge piece of plastic garbage is now destined for a landfill . I will see if they take it with our plastic recycling but I 'm not sure . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I gave this review 1 star because that is a low as you can go . It is simply IMPOSSIBLE -LRB- at least on my unit -RRB- to attach a hose to the internal plastic connection . I do n't know how you can screw this up as a manufacturer , but Suncast has done it . I tried dozens of times , tried lining up the threads as perfectly as possible after I got determined , and could NOT get it to thread . It is a joke . You will crack the cheap plastic housing before it threads ! Buy something else !! *** NEW REVIEW OF SECOND HOSE REEL *** I bought a replacement model-the larger version . It has the EXACT same issue as the first . You simply CAN NOT , I repeat CAN NOT get a hose onto the internal plastic connection . I have another brand hose reel on our front yard hose that works perfectly . I am a big boy , and can thread a hose onto a male conncetion ! But not this one ... no matter how slowly , carefully , fastidiously you baby this connection , it WILL NOT , WILL NOT go on straight . I wasted at least an hour with both of these units . I have now resigned myself to laying the hose on the driveway . Suncast is blackballed forever !!
 I own one Suncast hose box , the one with a moving track to guide the hose while winding it in . Although we had leaks initially , tightening the connections with a wrench worked well . I wanted a hose in a different part of the garden where there is another faucet but not room enough for the larger box so I ordered this smaller one . There is a hose guide , but it does not move independently of the hose and one 's hand . The result is that you are buying a decent looking box , but winding it in is just as difficult as wrestling with a coiling hose without a box . If you have the space , save your money and go for the larger version . It costs more but is well worth it in frustration-reduction . I have yet to use the hose which was placed in the box just today . I expect to be tightening the connections with a wrench . If I had not bought this from Amazon but from the local big box store I would be returning it .
 Hose connector eventually pops off and wo n't stay connected.These seem to be the only choice at Home Depot , Lowes andWalmart . I would relate these to a bic lighter , use it for a while , then throw it away .
 While I have no real complaints about the quality of the product , I do dare anyone to show me how they get 100 feet of hose reeled into this!I have 75 ft medium duty 3/4 inch garden hose and no matter how carefully I 've tried to reel it in , the most I can get on the reel is about 60 ft. I guess if I went out and bought the flimsiest 1/2 inch hose I could find I might be able to get it reeled in , but I have my doubts .
 the design of the valve employs 2 sharp angles which reduce the water pressure to very low , too low to use the hose to clean a patio for example.a shame ` coz the item looks reasonably good .
 After seeing Jeannette 's negative review , I went to a local store and examined the larger version of the hose storage box . Indeed , the sharp angles of the connection device would diminish the flow of water . The lid kept sliding out of its `` hinges '' as well because it was loosely assembled . The product information card boasted of the fact that it was totally assembled . I am very disappointed because I liked the idea of storing the hose within an attractive container , and this type even matches our house color . I will not be buying this product .
 I bought a 100 ' kink free hose for this box and the handle broke after reeling in 20 ' on the first use . I 'm taking it back and looking for something stronger .
 After 15 minutes of wrestling with this reel , I decided to return it . I have 100 ' of 3/4 '' hose and this product is too flimsy to handle it - the box moves around when winding -LRB- too light -RRB- and the hose got stuck over the edge of the reel first time . It might be OK for a very lightweight hose , but after some research I 've decided to spend the extra and get a Rapid Reel instead .
 I bought one of these eight months ago and it is already broken . The part where the short hose connects to the spindle broke . The design concept is great but the plastic used is not nearly substantial enough for regular use or exposure to the elements . Why have a hose storage device that will biodegrade upon exoposure to sunlight or cold ?
 I have had one of this companies products for two years . It self destructed . The company is not easy to deal with on warranty claims . They expect you to know their parts numbers , etc. . I would not buy one of their products ever again and I recommend you do not either .
 the hose fitting on the reel has a square-edged lip before the threads , which blocks a hose fitting from sliding up to the threads . one turn and the threads lock , and no seal is made . attempts to turn the hose fitting past this point strip the threads , as the fitting ca n't move further . the slide track bars for the hose fell out on first attempt to reel on a hose.garbage . it might make a nice-looking compost box , though .
 How do I hate thee ? Let me count the ways ! I purchased this locally , and although it supposedly will hold 100 feet of 5/8th '' hose , it does n't even do well with 50 feet . I purchased the one with the guide for `` easy '' reeling , and I darn near have to sit on it to get it to stay in one place while winding and unwinding , but I could n't do that if I wanted to since I have to open the top and help the thing wind smoothly . If ... no ... WHEN the hose winds on top of itself , it will not be able to clear the container because it 's too thick and , remember , this is with the 50 foot hose.The crank for winding is too close to the ground , and I scraped my knuckles several times in the process.I THINK the square in the front right of the box is to brace it while you 're reeling , but there 's no room for any adult foot or toes . Perhaps the larger size hose reel would be better , but I wanted something more unobtrusive . Now I 'd settle for ugly and easy.I do n't know if my `` solution '' will work , but tomorrow , I 'm laying the full hose out in the hot sun , and hope that all the kinks are out when I try to reel it in . Mind you , it does n't stay put while unreeling.The only thing that seems to be reeling is me .
 There is no way this reel can hold 100 feet of hose . It can handle 50 feet .
 I bought two of these slightly over a year ago . They had light use -LRB- considerijng they were in storage due to a move -RRB- and both hubs have broken . I believe a cast aluminum or steel hub design would be better , as my two units are now in the trash . I am here to find a better solution to replace both units .
 This is the worst thing i have bought from your company . You can not get the connection from leaking and try to role the hose is almost impossible unless you stand and guid it . robert thomin
 We have purchased three of these Hide A Way hose reels in the last year . They have all broken in the middle of the reel after about four months . The construction is VERY POOR . I would not recomment this unit to anyone . It is a piece of trash !! Von GiesslerFt Myers , Fl
 +1 Star for having a foot anchor while you are reeling , otherwise see other 1 Star reviews . BTW This item is half the price on Targets website .
 I have used the product for two years and got a surprise this spring when the inlet hose attachment popped off when water back pressure was applied . Maybe there is an easier way to fix this but I ended up disassembling the reel to find out what the problem was . The inlet and outlet tubes are secured together with a two-sided white clip . The clip had jammed open which meant the inlet tube could not click -LRB- lock -RRB- in place . I have read elsewhere where other people had the same problem . Some people got frustrated and threw the unit away but this is certainly a fixable problem if you have the patience to take the reel apart without destroying it .
 I 've purchased 2 of the phh100d hose hideaways and 1 ofthe smaller models and on each one the connection where the shorthose connects to the hideaway `` pops '' off for no apparent reason.I have become very frustated and wish their was some kind ofservice dept. to talk to . Keith Claghorn
 has gadget to distribute hose on reel but you need three hands to use it since unit is so light you need one hand to hold reel in place . Nutty design , mine 's in the trash
 this is probably the lowest priced hose reel you can find , but do n't expect much . the handle and reel are plastic and will break with time and usage . i had one and it lasted one year , with fairly light use -LRB- i 'm now shopping for a better replacement and saw this unit and thought i would share my experience -RRB- . it leaked , so i had to constantly shut the water off at the faucet . also , i believe the design of the inlet valve is poor and significantly reduces the water pressure . if all you 're looking for is a way to hide and unsighlty hose , this might be good enough for you . if you are planning to use it often , invest in something more sturdy .
 I just purchased my Suncast 100 at Lowe 's and I 'm here to see what else is out there . The idea makes good sense , of course , but the quality of the product is lacking . Using a 100ft premium -LRB- commercial -RRB- grade hose I was unable to pack all of the hose on unless it was loaded . That in itself cause many difficulties . Consider dragging a 100ft of hose loaded with water ... quite a task . So heavy was the hose that I had to perch myself on the box in a precarious way so 1 -RRB- I can reel it , and 2 -RRB- the box would n't flop around . The latter problem probably can be resolved if you secure the box to the ground -LRB- but you still can see the box flex out of square with each turn -RRB- . Moreover there is NO levelwind mechanism to evenly lay the hose on the reel . But the weight of the loaded hose at full length pretty much requires the use of 2 hands for cranking . The handle flexes and it is my opinion that it will be a short amount of time before it snaps . And even though there is a guide , you really need a third hand to evenly lay the hose . My best guess is that if you choose to purchase this item use a 75ft hose or shorter for better results . And be mindful that the box may still flop and the handle may eventually break d/t fatigue .
 The same thing happens every time I use one of these plastic hose reels ! I thought it was just because I always bought the cheapest ones , so this year I invested a little more and bought this one . I read the instructions , had all the connections tight , barely turned the water on - and BLAM ! The side connector blew out of the thing and the water started flying all over . I did n't even have the water pressure up yet ! So , i just figured that the inherent design of ALL of these products is flawed , and they must ALL do that . So , I put the side hub back where it was supposed to be and screwed it into the plastic to make sure it was NOT going to come back out the next time . HA ! I win ! I turned the water back on , and - BLAM - the hub came back off , but this time from the INSIDE OF THE BOX ! Now anything I would attach to it to hold the center piece tight to the side of the box is going to keep it from spinning , making it kind of useless , other than something to sit flower pots on . This is probably the fifth one of these types of things I 've owned , and I 've never gotten to use ANY of them the way they were intended . The next one will definitely be metal . With what I 've spent on the plastic ones over the years , I should have just invested in the metal one in the first place . We live , we learn ... I gave it two stars because I can still roll up a hose with it and close the lid to hide it . That 's worth something , I suppose .
 This hose real is made out of poly-resin and all the connector pieces are plastic . While I was `` assembling '' , I was hand tightening the short hose that goes between the house and the reel , and the connector clean snapped off . For goodness sakes , I am a programmer so I ca n't be that strong!After that the lid snapped off as I let it fly across the yard . Just plain too cheap !
 I have the same problem everyone else has . I called suncast corporation at 1-800-846-2345 and they sent me free replacement parts . The parts that go bad are called the in-tube with o rings and the out tube . Suncast says these parts will freeze and crack if your in colder climates if you do n't drain the water completley out .
 I 've had leakage problems with this unit since purchase . It was difficult to get the various supplied hoses connected to my exterior faucet hook up and to the 100 ' hose to be attached to it . Everything leaked . In desperation -LRB- after I 'd tried everything , including plumbers tape -RRB- I asked my gardener to check the connections to see if he could get them to stop leaking . He advised that there was nothing he could do - all connection parts were defective -LRB- missing threads , crooked threads , threads that were too short -RRB- . By this time , the return date was long gone . I 'm going to be stuck having to buy another unit . It wo n't be a Suncast product !
 Broke where the middle part connects to the bottom part with the wheels within 2 weeks . Put it back several times , but eventually would n't go back . Will never buy Suncast again . Very poorly made !
 I purchased this device during a close out of a hardware store and in the winter months so I could n't try it when I purchased it . It leaks badly at the internal connection and there is no cure . Of course the hardware store is now out of business so I 'm stuck with it . It was in a sealed box when I purchased it . Who would have thunk !! Steer clear of this brand for sanity sake .
 I also experienced the short hose separating from the reel unit . Attempted to repair it as instructed . It came apart again . I got one season 's use .
 I had a Hosemobile for years and it was great . I purchased a new one recently . It is tooo light . They should send them back to where they came from and FIRE the Engineer who designed them.Then go back to the quality they had before .
 The second year the attachment for the external hose separated from the housing and can not be re-attached . It is now useless !
 The whole reel is made of cheap and thin plastic . The crank gear is also plastic , and as soon as you put some stress on it -LRB- like trying to rewind a 100ft hose laying on the ground -RRB- it will start skipping and coming apart . The whole product is made of smaller plastic parts that are snapped together , which can not take the smallest amount of stress without breaking off from one another . By my second heavily assisted rewind the whole assembly started leaking like mad -LRB- something else snapped I guess -RRB- , prompting me to return it.This seems to be a common theme with all the Suncast products , as this is a third model of their hose reel that I have tried . If you had a bad experience with one , do not assume that their more expensive units are any better made . They 're just more expensive , that 's all .
 I have had three of these over the past 3 or 4 years and all but one have failed miserably . They leak and the Rube Goldberg hose connection on the inlet side of the hose reel invariable breaks off rendering the whole unit useless unless you want to use it to roll up electrical wire or something like that .
 This is a typical -LRB- parts made in China -RRB- , piece of crap . I 've had 2 of them and they both leaked like sieves .
 There 's a fixture where the short green feeder-tube connects to the axel that is held togeather by two tiny clips of plastic about as wide as a paperclip . If these peices get stressed -LRB- say by tugging on the hose even a little bit -RRB- they break and the feeder hose falls out of the reel.The problem is
 I had my previous Suncast hose reel cart that wintered outdoors in Virginia winters for more than 10 years with no problem - other than eventual old age . Based on that experience , I ordered this item thinking it could not be that bad despite the reviews.The item I received in August was broken by January . After reading some of the posts here , I contacted Suncast . The representative was very gracious in stating there was a design flaw in the intake tube that had been corrected and shipped the new parts to me , so brownie points for their handling of the issue.The rest of the cart seems very sturdy for what you pay . I am cautiously optimistic that this cart will now last the next ten years.If you live in the south , you probably would not have this problem .
 Broke on the 10th or 11th use -- now I see the reviews here it was a terrible mistake to ever buy this product .
 It 's plastic , that pretty much sums it up.The cart I have is about one year old and I recently replaced an older 100 ' reel of hose with 120 ' worth of 5/8 '' heavy duty hose on this fragile cart . After the 2nd time using it with the new hose the entire reel drum snapped in half ! Plus the connector hose for the spigot leaks from day 1 -LRB- where it couples at the reel -RRB- Just a poorly designed , assembled and manufactured product .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I had looked a long time for a decent way to clean out the skinny-necked hummingbird feeders I keep . When I bought the Perky-Pet 23T , I hoped my dreams had come true . Imagine how my dreams crushed to the ground like bits of broken black-oil sunflower seed when on the second use -- the 23T fell apart , like clouds separating in the wind.I do give the item one star , since I used it successfully once . But the design is embarrassingly ill-configured
 I could not believe the poor quality of this brush . It was made in the USA but not of the expected high quality of other USA made products I have purchased recently . A piece of wire and a few spongy looking strips add up to a waste of money . This loser came apart during first use . After throwing this piece of junk away I went to the Dollar Tree and for a single buck got a multi-purpose brush that looks like a Rolls Royce compared to this Perky Pet jalopy . I have been a Perky Pet fan but if this is what they are putting out these days I will become an ex-fan . If you have access to a Dollar Tree go get a brush that will do what this brush does and much more all for a single dollar .
 These work well when new . But quickly disintegrate and are useless after a few uses . I find nylon brushes are the only things that work for any extended period of time .
 i bought this thinking it would be perfect to clean my hummingbird feeders.i liked the idea of the sponge head to get into smaller openings.it worked well the first time so i thought this is great.however during the second use the sponge fell apart.big waste of money .
 Is it just me ? I ca n't get the mop into the small feeder neck . I have three different feeders and it wo n't work on any of them . The mop comes off the handle whenever I force the issue . I 'm a pretty smart person - but this does n't seem to be the cleaning tool I need for the feeders I have . Hmmmmm
 I used this item one time and it fell apart . So I wasted my money and my time .
 On its face , a good idea
 A great idea and wonderful for cleaning hummingbird feeders . However , it fell apart the first time it was used and I was unable to fix it . I do n't believe I would order it again .
 After a few years my previous Perky Pet cleaning `` brush '' fell apart so I ordered another . The product has been made so as to save money , I guess
 I was n't very impressed with this . I think I could have found a bottle brush or something else in the store more suitable and sturdier .
 I have been using these mops for cleaning the bird feeder for years and they usually last quite a bit longer . I do n't know why they are falling apart very quickly and the mop sponge part does not feel sturdy at all like they used to . COME ON PERKY-PET start making a good product again !!!!!! If I remember right seems they used to be made out of actual sponge material instead of this foam garbage .
 This is advertised often as a non-scratching bird feeder cleaning mop . I like most Perky Pet products but this mop does not work for me as it was advertised . The clump of sponge strings are mounted at the end of a metal handle that will not fit into the Perky Pet 8oz pinch-waist bottle neck . The sponge strings bunch up at the bottom of the mop and do not fit through smaller bottle necks . Also , the metal that is at the sponge end WILL scratch anything it touches - it scratched a plastic bottle I used it on . I had to catalog order from a different manufacturer a long , narrow , soft-bristled brush to fit into my narrow neck feeder bottle . The mop does n't fit into any of my feeder bases either . As for cleaning the feeder bases , I soak them in a bleach solution , then rinse well , and thoroughly air-dry .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I purchased 2 of these traps for inside a business . We did n't notice a difference . After a month I opened it up to clean out the bag and from both traps I found only 1 Mosquito . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I purchased this with high hopes that it would work . Followed the direction perfectly and it did not work at all . I did not catch a single mosquito in a mosquito infested backyard . I thought just through dumb luck I might catch at least one . Contacted company and they did not want to hear it . They offered to return with a restocking fee and paying for shipping I would be only getting back around 25 % of my original payment . Very dissappointed .
 I bought the Mega Catch Alpha Indoor and Outdoor Mosquito Control Trap in the hope of making our evenings around the pool and barbecue bearable . So I bought it for $ 100 and spend $ 80 on shipping it to Australia . I set it up as per instructions and have been running it non stop for 2 months , 2MONTHS and it has not caught one single lousy mosquito ! , it did caught a few harmless moths , but not a single mosquito , I can sit next to it and within seconds I will get bitten . So , do not buy this , it is a ruse , a sham and does absolutely not work . I Only gave it one star because you have to give it a star on order to publish the review .
 I have had this item for over two weeks and have tried it in a couple different places in the yard . The mosquitos -LRB- and flies -RRB- are still attracted to the dogs and people more than this foolish machine . I have emailed the company several times with questions and have received not one response . It has caught less than 10 mosquitos in two weeks time . Definitely a disappointment and waste of money . Should have gotten a good old-fashioned bug zapper !
 Unfortunately someone sprayed the unit with water and ruined the motor so I used it only for two weeks before this happened . The only positive I can offer is it did operate very quietly . I had it placed as the instructions directed , however during the two weeks of operation the bag contained only one musquito plus a few other small flying insects . I would not recommend this product at any price .
 I was hopeful for a non-chemical mosquito trap . And , with the success of this companies other products , I thought they might be onto something . Nope . Mosquitoes still completely control my back yard . All his thing seems to catch is a few moths and other random bugs . Ok . . there were some mosquitoes in there , but not many at all . But , the worst thing about this trap , is not it 's lack of bug killing . . it 's the lack of foresight by the designers . At some point , a large moth got caught in the fan blades and stalled it out . Who knows just how long the fan was stuck , but it burned out . After I cleaned out the moth and other bits , the fan refused to go . Ok . . no problem I though . I 'm pretty handy with fixing things , and replacing a simple 80mm fan should be a snap right ? WRONG !! There is NO way to remove the fan without destroying the whole unit . The bolts that hold the fan in place are run from the top down and then covered with non-removable electronic parts . Are you kidding me !! How could you not expect the fan to one day need replacing , and design it so it CAN be easily replaced !!!! Even if this thing managed to catch 2/3s of the mosquitoes in my yard , this fan fiasco is a show stopper .
 I live in a suburban area plagued by Asian tiger mosquitoes -LRB- Aedes albopictus -RRB- . I bought a Mega-Catch Alpha trap at the end of summer 2006 and tried it for a few days . Upon examining the catch bag , I found that the trap had caught dozens of small moths and other non-biting insects , but only one or two mosquitoes.I tried the trap again in the summer of 2007 . I moved it to different locations , and used octenol and lurex attractants in the trap as well . In all cases the results were the same -- lots of moths , but essentially no mosquitoes.It 's possible that this trap may work for some other mosquito species , but if your problem is the Asian tiger mosquito , the Mega-Catch Alpha does n't do any good .
 It simply did not catch any mosquitos all summer long . I saw mosquitos flying all around it , but there were never any in the capture bag . It does not work .
 I had high hopes for the Mega Catch Alpha . We have a bad mosquito problem . We continue to try every product we can get our hands on . I received the Alpha late last year . We run in continuously in the back yard . The results were questionable . Running it again this summer has convinced me it 's not making a dent in our mosquito population . Looking in the catch bag reveals a small amount of other flying insects but few if any mosquitoes . It 's back to the drawing board for us .
 We had several mosquitos in our bedroom . We set up the Mega Catch Alpha Mosquito trap and it did not catch one mosquito . A total waste.Charles Winecoff
 I myself had read the wide range of reviews here about this product , but decided to give it a try , as dengue fever had recently been discovered near my house in South Florida . Thankfully , there 's an easy way to see if this thing is catching any mosquitoes - the trap bag . Unfortunately , the only bug it caught was a small moth . Still plenty of mosquitoes . After a few week , it 's in the closet . I even used the separately sold chemical attractant . No good .
 Just like the last poster , I had high hopes . And it does n't seem to be doing anything but making my yard look like a disco and driving up my utility costs .
 I loved my old Fiesta Optima grill , and hoped to keep it running with these new burners , but they do n't work very well at all.They failed to put enough gas into the front rail to allow the igniters to ignite the gas.When I went back to lighting the burners myself the flow of gas was not uniform enough to allow the entire edge of the burners to ignite.In short , if this company wants to make a good , useful product , they are going to have to match the original Fiesta Burners to a much closer degree.Other than them not working , they were very well made and fit just fine so this company knows how to make good things.The sad part is that my old grill had to be replaced because there are no workable parts to keep it running.This old Fiesta was a great grill , it deserves to have someone make parts for it that actually work .
 The bottle was awkward to remove and difficult to clean . The ports were impossible to keep clean . It leaked . It became covered with icky black mildew . It attracted swarms of ants and bees . It became so gross and disgusting , I threw the thing out within a month after getting it .
 The feeder is very hard to fill and the color of the flowers and bottle have faded out after only one summer . If you want to feed hummers , buy something else !!!
 I loved this feeder when I got it because it looked exceptional and has the little roof to keep the rain from deluting the nectar but ... it leaked from day one so much I had to take it down . No matter what I did it still leaked . When I would bring it in to refill I would find earwigs and ants in it and it was attracting Yellow Jackets constantly and they were chasing my hummers away . It is a shame I ca n't use it because it is so nice looking but my hummers did n't think so because they do n't like sharing their nectar with all the bees and other insects it attracted . I would have returned it but I did n't want to pay the return shipping .
 Amazon , shame for selling this . Shame on me for not realizing I would get what I paid for . This feeder looks great in the photo , but it a real piece of junk when you open the shipping box . It does n't even come IN a box of its own . Held together with incompletely `` shot '' staples , nothing is aligned properly . And worst of all , the plastic parts of the bottle and feeding flowers do n't fit together , so it leaks sugar water all over my patio . Try something else , folks . Do n't be mislead by its attractive appearance .
 Box left on my doorstep upside down , all contents spilled out . Do n't know if this was poor packing or poor shipping , but I have used Amazon.com for ordering of items for years and have never received such a sloppy -LRB- and late -RRB- delivery . The wishing well feeder was inside a plastic baggy-like bag in the box . The hummingbird nectar I 'd also ordered was inside and packaging on THAT was torn and spilled all over the inside of the box shipping box . As someone else said it was nailed together with tiny nails that did not even go into the pieces it was supposed to go into and the wood was already chipped and splintered . The copper-like top did not align with the wooden top underneath it . In all it looked like a project a preschooler had made . And if a preschooler I loved had made it I probably would have hung it up anyway , but when I 'm paying $ 15.00 for an item from Amazon.com I expect it to be of decent quality . $ 15.00 is not a fortune , but still , yeah , this is a pretty sad piece of work . I do n't know how anyone could have written the positive reviews on here . I was so disappointed that I almost just threw it in the dumpster but will go ahead and take the time to return it instead .
 I was very unhappy with this bird feeder when i received it . The copper top was different colors and the wood was jagged and splintered .
 I purchased 2 of these from Amazon soI would be able to use with differentchemicals for different applications.Neither one of them work ! It says topump 15-20 times . Well , pump 100 timesand you may get one `` squirt '' out of it , then back to more exhausting pumpingon the plunger.Save your money , I tossed both in the trash.Would I recomment this product?NO !
 While the Woodman 's Pal is fairly robust and effective , I think the quality is sub-par in comparison to the cost . When stamped from the steel sheet , the edges remain unfinished . The wood handle -LRB- at least on mine -RRB- is not one solid piece , but two pieces glued together . The shank is not matched well to the wood handle . Only two rivets secure the handle , and are not recessed flush into the handles . The main cutting edge has a concave , hollow-ground edge , which is a relatively fragile -LRB- and the lowest cost means of sharpening -RRB- and makes it impossible to properly sharpen with the included stone . The main blade was sharpened unevenly on each side . The hook-bill is poorly sharpened to just a dull edge , -LRB- I can easily run my finger along it 's edge with moderate pressure with no risk of getting cut -RRB- and also ca n't be sharpened with the included stone.Compared to something like my Ka-Bar BK7 , which is far higher quality at a lower cost , the Woodman 's Pal just has the aura of a cheaply assembled , stamped-steel tool . If you could find a used one for around $ 35 , that may be worth it , but certainly not twice that much .
 this is useless . . look at the hook on it ... it wont hold anything and the wind just blows off anything you hang on it . I wasted my money and would not not recommend this
 This is a very light pole and it does not hold in the ground well . I live in Kansas and we have lots of wind , I would not purchase this pole again . There are lots of poles out there that will better serve the purpose .
 I used the chair once ... on my way back from the beach , one of the shoulder straps broke -LRB- actually , the one thread that was holding it to the frame unravelled . . the other is on it 's way to the same fate -RRB- . I got in touch with customer service , they were nice , but when I told them that the box the chair came in was unusable for return , they told me to get another , at their expense -LRB- easier said than done for a large object -RRB- So I am using the chair with safety pins -LRB- till I find time to sew the strap back together -RRB-
 We used this product while camping and two feet away from the dispenser was my husband . Needless to say , he recieved four mosquito bites in less than a minute , by the same mosquito ! I do n't think this works very well . I would suggest the BUG BANDS instead . You wear them around your wrist or ankle and they are DEET FREE as well . The bug bands completely protected my family on a recent camping trip from insect bites . None of us recived any and we wore the wrist bands constantly .
 I bought two of the 1/2 acre size and they worked just fine . They zap a bug and that 's it . So , I decided to save some money and bought two of the 1/4 acre size -LRB- for indoor use in a small space -RRB- . They zap bugs all right , but then keep buzzing since the bugs are not zapped out of the killing screen . The continuous buzzing is quite annoying , so I am now going to replace them with the 1/2 acre size .
 cant say much about how effective this item is , because like several others it came broken from amazon . looks like a shipment was airdropped out of the back of a plane with a tiny parachute .
 This product arrived broken . I epoxied the thin plastic broken mounting plate , replaced the broken bulb , and separateded the shorting grids . The bug zapper works good now although it is very fragile .
 GUys , Dont buy this . It works okish but i bought 2 and it took me months to recieve a working pair . Every time they sent it to me it arrived badly damaged . . I mean litterally broken into tiny bits . even the working pairs i have are broken .
 I ordered one of these a few months ago . It arrived with a shattered plastic support plate , and with the bulb detached . The `` replacement '' from Amazon also arrived with a broken support deck . Returned both without being able to plug one in . However , the spiral grid looks like it would clog in no time . I replaced this with a BK-15D that works great ! Buy one of their larger models as they have metal support decks and straight `` self cleaning '' grid bars .
 Dont buy this product , It s design to break.The whole thing is made of very thin plastic which is brittle and flimsy enough.My first one came with few cracks so i returned it , the second one came in basically shattered.I glued it back together piece by piece like puzzle.It does turn on . But who needs it.Stay away from this brand because of the poor quality.I didnot returned it for the 2nd time because i am so pissed and it only cost me 20 Bucks for this thing but it cost Flowtron its goodwill.Very bad construction which almost guarantee 100 % breakage during shipping .
 I bought one of these and it did not work at all ! It lit up , and the bugs went in , but did not get zapped . I am returning it .
 I bought 2 of these - one for my backyard and 1 for my camper . 1 did n't work AT ALL right out of the box -LRB- I even swapped it with a known working bulb -RRB- . The 2nd lit up but bugs never got zapped . I 'm returning both of them .
 Purchased two units , and one was DOA . Fast ship for unit replacement . Overall , these are not a good buy in my opinion . No bulb retainer is provided , even when the doc 's show one . Power is too low to keep the electronic grid clean , and no access is provided to clean the grid . The grid itself seems poorly attached to the top of the unit .
 Got the unit and installed it , it does seem to attract flies and such . However the wires on the electrified mesh are too close together so they are continually arcing . This seems to be a design flaw . It makes a lot of noise and interferes with the TV in the house Do n't buy this one until they fix it .
 The electric current constantly arcs across a separator on the electrical grid . So , the unit sounds like it is constantly killing insects but is only making noise . It kills some bugs but it appears the arcing noise/light scares the insects away as they are flying towards the light . Not recommended .
 I bought this item to try to get rid of the many spiders and centipedes that come into our house . I read the reviews and it appeared that many had claimed to have favorable experiences with this . I however , did not . I have tried the item in several different rooms of the house and have allowed it remain in each location for several weeks , but I have seen no improvement . We still have the same number of critters coming in the house , even in the same room as where the unit is ! We have even seen spiders build webs within a foot of the unit!I really just think this item is just a bunch of hype and really has no effect in discouraging critters from coming in the house . I would definitely recommend that you just save your money !
 Gave the product ample time to work -LRB- directions recommended 24-72 hours for it to take effect -RRB- and showed no results . Was using the item for ants and spiders . Used for two weeks before returning .
 We have a spider problem since we live in a new construction area . We were insane last year at this time , killing sometimes 7 a day . I bought 2 of these to cover my 3500 + sq ft home . I placed 1 upstairs and 1 down stairs to spread out the coverage . They have been plugged in now for a couple of months and the spiders really do n't seem to care . They are comming back just like last year at this time . I actually had one build its web off the corner of the unit itself . Some repelling action that is . One can only guess if the EMP pulse is doing anything at all behind the walls as it claims . Given the facts , one would have to think not . I had such high hopes for these units , but they are just more of the same that do n't work as the manufacturer claims ...
 I had this product installed for 3 weeks and used 4 of them to cover my entire house . After three weeks my wife saw a mouse in the bathroom.They may work for bug but they DO NOT WORK for rodents .
 On the page it says that this is a `` 6 pack '' -LRB- and in another review -RRB- . However , when it arrived in the mail today I only received one.At $ 29.99 for just one it 's not worth the money . You can get the same thing for $ 10 - $ 15 dollars less.These kind of bug/rodent repellents are good for chasing these things out of the walls and making sure they do n't make eggs/babies . However , you 'll probably see more rodents/bugs than you did before.It does serve it 's REAL purpose , but when they tell you that these `` repellents '' get rid of pests by themselves it is false advertising.You 'll still probably need to put down traps , bait and/or poison .
 Does n't work for my bugs . I guess my bugs are special . If you insist on buying this product . I have perfectly mint condition one for sale .
 Listing stated pkg of 6 ... But , got only 1Too soon to know if it is working .
 I bought it reading the good reviews and seeing how they were rated `` helpful . `` It does n't work for flies , mosquitos , or ants . I am unfortunate enough to live in an apartment without screens -LRB- a different issue - one for the landlords -RRB- and have flies , mosquitos , and ants that fly around in my apartment.There is no conscienable way for me to say that this has made one whit of difference . Please save your money !! This is nothing short of BOGUS with a capital B-O-G-U-S .
 I used it for around 2-3 weeks , and the roaches are still there . It does n't seem to work well . Though I do n't know if I put it longer , it 'd be more effect , I turned it back . I 'm planning to another kind of it that my friend used to use , and it works better than this .
 Save you money on this unit . Buy bug spray or a fly swatter . These are tried and true !
 Product Description `` Bug Fighter '' Magnetic/Ultrasonic Pest Repeller . 6 PackIt 's nice that they give you 6 of these ! You only need one per house so why not give the other 5 for Christmas gifts ?
 I am very disappointed in this feeder . I 've only had it for 45 days and it leaks a lot . I guess I 'm a whole 15 days pass the period I can return this poor quality bird feeder . I hope something can be done about this .
 This was very disappointing because it arrived missing 2 of the little yellow bee guards . They had to know they were missing when it was sent and I thoroughly searched the packing to make sure they had n't just fallen off and they just were n't there . I will avoid this source in the future .
 The price was right . Product was delivered on time BUT......Perky-Pet forgot to install one of those little yellow flowers . I called Amazon and they gave me some relief , as they always do-Amazon 's great . I then tried to buy one of those little yellow `` Flowers '' at several pet stores in my area . Result
 I live in California , and we have TONS of Anna 's Hummingbirds . So many in fact , that I 'm getting a little worried about the feeder . I love this feeder because a lot of things it has are detachable , including the big , red flowers on the bottom of the feeder , the perches , and the bee-guards . We have never had a problem with bees with any of our hummingbird feeders , but since my dad insisted on leaving the bee-guards on , we left them on . We have seen only 2 hummers since , and I give ALL the blame on the bee guards . A lot of people argue about the tumor-thing with the red-food coloring , and I did about 4 days ' worth of research , and it 's totally false . The food coloring attracts them here , anyway.When you take the bee-guards off on this feeder , you may notice how far the nectar comes out of the red tubes . I think this is natural , and since the hummers are a lot less clumsy than humans , I do n't think that we will have a problem with them spilling the nectar all over the place . We just took the bee-guards off , and we placed the feeder amongst a whole lot of Chinese Bells , which the hummers LOVE . We also cut-off two of the perches , so two hummingbirds will fly and two will sit.The bees are really attracted to the color yellow -LRB- in their world it means `` Pollen ! OMG ! I have to tell the colony so we can get
 This feeder is the worst one I 've ever used . The `` flowers '' -LRB- dispensers -RRB- are way too low , so that the slightest breeze will cause the feeder to leak .
 I 'll have to echo the other bad reviews on this item . Unfortunately , I did not read them before purchasing . Assembling a hummingbird feeder should not be difficult and probably should n't require an instruction sheet . However , this feeder was frustrating to assemble . There was n't even a picture on the box . It 's also hard to fill and clean . It looks cheap and I really do n't expect it to last very long .
 I bought this feeder to replace my old feeder that kept getting taken by raccoons . With my old feeder , I always had a hummingbird at the feeder . With this one , I have never seen one hummingbird . Looks like I will be buying the Hummzingzinger Ultra again .
 This style of hummingbird feeder is the birds ' favorite by far , so when my husband broke our feeder i immediately ordered two of the same type . Each feeder is supposed to have 4 yellow bee guards for a total of eight . These feeders were shipped with only six ! Each feeder was missing a crucial component - so back they went ! I also found these $ 3 cheaper at my local PetSmart and incurred no shipping charges either .
 I 've had several Perky Pet hummingbird feeders over the years . They do attract hummingbirds but are notorious to keep clean . I mix my own nectar and maintain my feeders on a weekly basis . It got to be such a chore with the Perky Pet feeders I almost gave up . Then I heard a local hummingbird expert mention the Dr. JB feeder . Now it 's the only hummingbird feeder I recommend . So simple to fill and clean . A much better choice for me .
 purchased to hang on giant wisteria that does sometimes get ants on it . liked the look of it also . hung up with my 2 other feeders & this 1 was almost instantly covered with dead ants floating in it . moved 1 of the other feeders to check that it was n't the spot it was hung in , & viola no ants . nice idea tho . of all hummingbird feeders , i have learned that `` Best 1 '' glass feeders are the best no doubt.Gotta love amazon tho . Couldnt have made return easier
 Seems great at first ... until ... - Sugar water spashes out every time you invert-Hummingbirds will rip off the bee guards , loosening them - ** The plastic washer thingie will get stripped , and the whole thing will start leaking . If you 're very unlucky , you will invert it , and the entire bottom will fall off , and all of the sugar water will spill out , and your loose bee guards will roll all over . * - Bees and wasps now are all over the place , annoying me and the hummingbirds.-Apparently sugar water on your feet can take the paint off your balcony.Keep in mind , I have a LOT of hummingbirds and I 'm refilling mine every 2 days . My 2 feeders died after only a couple months . Going to get the flying saucer shaped ones.Maybe this would be OK for a low-traffic area .
 All Perky Pet glass , clinched waist feeders have an inner part that connects the red bottom to the feeder itself - it 's a circular small plastic insert with threads that screw on the bottle top . In every feeder I have bought this part seems to shrink in a very short time and then the bottom falls off the feeder . I wrote Perky Pets and they said they do not have replacement parts for hummingbird feeders so I give this feeder and the whole company a big F. It 's a lousy product and the company wo n't back themselves up .
 The yellow bee cages attract bees!Yellow attracts them.Why cant read or white replacements be available?The bees also get around the cage and jam it up - this is a design flaw . Too much space wound the cage and the red fake petal.Bees are so attracted to this feeder that I now have a massive bee army that 's taken it over!Ive watched the bees chase the hummingbirds away!Ive tried Best-1 feeders since they claim its better against bees . WRONG.Even though its not using yellow , the bees congregate on the top of the surface in groups of 10-20 . I like bees when they are useful like pollinating fruit . But I surely hate them for scaring away my friendly hummers!very disappointed in this product !
 Product was received with 2 bee guards missing . There should have been 4 total but only received 2 loose in the box . It is not convenient to return this item since it was part of a larger shipment , low price , repackaging , ... Additionally , it is probably easier for me to purchase a set of 4 replacements from my local Wal-Mart ... than to go through the hassle .
 I got this model at K-mart for a very reasonable price -LRB- ~ $ 7 -RRB- . I am disappointed to find that it does NOT have perches for the little guys to sit at while sipping . In going through the pros and cons of perching , I realize that most hummers hover while feeding at more natural food sources -LRB- flowers , etc -RRB- . This line of thinking helps me feel ok about this perch-less feeder.I put up the feeder because -LRB- 1 -RRB- I enjoy watching them feed and -LRB- 2 -RRB- given their high energy intake requirements , I worry that there are not enough natural food sources for them in the neighborhood . I am comforted thinking that they can get a quick blast of energy when they are tired or cold.I thought that perhaps the lack of perches would discourage other species -LRB- eg - orioles -RRB- from using the feeder . However , I did observe a determined oriole using this feeder within a week of putting it out.I am now trying to figure out how to modify the feeder so that it includes some perches.note added later : I could not figure out how to add perches without making the original design leak , so I asked for the same type of feeder WITH perches for Christmas , and Santa obliged . Although I did rationalize that hummers should n't need perches , since most of their feeding sources do n't have perches , my feeder hangs from a tree limb . I realize that what makes me so uncomfortable about this is that the feeder is incredibly massive compared to a hummingbird or its natural food source . The thought of a hummer attempting to get a meal from such a massive object swinging in the wind is my motivation for the perched-version of a feeder .
 We ordered two from Amazon based upon the reputation of the company and pictures presented . Totally disappointed with the total lack of quality . The price is low because of the low quality of materials used . Bottomline is that a ` good ' feeder can not be purchased at this price . The units purchased leaked the sugar water all over our patio . The unit can be sold as an ant feeder . We returned the units .
 I 'm disappointed in the quality of this product . It seemed to be just cheap plastic -LRB- the foot rests -RRB- and shipping was extremely slow .
 I have purchased previously this item and have been happy with it . This particular feeder has begun to continually leak through one of the blossoms , , , , emptying out in about 2 days . I am dissapointed with this feeder since I am now unable to use it after only about 2 months .
 I have tried various types of feeders and have found this to be the best one yet . I have four of these out now . I have purchased about 10 and have given 4 out as gifts . I 'm in the Los Angeles CA area and have a hard time keeping these filled for more than 24 hours , in winter , from mid January to March . The traffic is constant . I rinse these out with hot tap water with each filling cycle and have yet to have them . When I first got them , I used to soak them in bleach water but found that to be excessive . I am actually more concerned about leaving any chemical residue from the cleaning agent . When traffic slows , I reduce the number of feeders , never leaving sugar mixture more than 3 days in the summer or 5 to 7 in the winter . I use a mixture of 4 to 1 -LRB- plain sugar -RRB- . I highly recommend these feeders and do n't think you can go wrong with them.Added 7/20/2011 . Though I have a long history of recommending this item , my last order came with design changes that I dislike strongly.This feeder originally -LRB- 2008 -RRB- with a red wire from which to hang . About a year ago they shortened this wire -LRB- cost savings ? -RRB- which caused me concern as that it became a bit harder to hang . Now , they have done away with that wire completely . The suspension is now made with a very thin mono-filament line threaded thru two holes in the to . Having purchased about 12 of these over the years for family , gifts and my personal use I can no longer recommend this feeder . I would not hang a Christmas ornament with the supplied line . The only remedy for this that I can think of would be to replace this line with a much higher strength line from a sporting goods store . My option was to simply return it for a refund and call the company and voice my opinion and concerns about this ridiculous change they made.The original hanger has lasted for at least 5 years and I 've only had one failure due to age . Why buy something which needs to be customized at the point of purchase.Those are my thoughts , I 'd be interested to her what other users think of it .
 The fact that this is one of the most popular hummingbird feeders on the market is mostly due to its wide availability , cheap price , and gaudy styling rather than its quality . I used these feeders for years before discovering better designs , and I came to hate them . The first thing I noticed was that they 're hard to clean , with too many small parts and hard-to-reach tubes and crevices . It takes way too long to take the feeder apart , get all the parts clean , and reassemble it.The next thing that became apparent is that the `` bee guards '' really do n't do a very good job . Honeybees and wasps ca n't reach the solution through intact guards , but some long-tongued bumblebees can , and tiny bees just crawl right through the guards -LRB- and often right into the bottle ! -RRB- . They 're also bright yellow , the same color as many bee-pollinated flowers -LRB- what was the manufacturer thinking ? -RRB- . The insects really swarm around when the solution oozes out , as it 's prone to do on warm days -LRB- particularly if you refill the bottle with refrigerated solution -RRB- . It did n't take long to discover that this feeder is also not very durable . The plastic parts do n't hold up to exposure to sunlight , becoming brittle and loose over time -LRB- more quickly in sunny or high-elevation areas , where intense UV light seems to deteriorate the plastic more quickly -RRB- . The hardened glass bottle is actually the most durable part of this feeder , while the bee guards are the first parts to break down . The size is okay , though if you 've only got one or two hummingbirds visiting you wo n't want to fill the feeder completely.The best hummingbird feeders cost about twice as much as this model , but they will last at least 10 times as long . The feeders I use most now are the Hummzingers from Aspects and the Droll Yankees LF , both saucer-style feeders . For high-traffic times such as late summer , I switch to the Nature 's Best bottle feeder . I never use anything in my feeders except the solution recommended by all hummingbird experts
 This was ordered on April 30th and they did n't ship until May 11th . Way too long of a delay . The item did n't arrive until today , May 14th . My initial experience has been that it becomes frequently clogged with the garden dust . I have had to carry a small probe with me in order to clear the nozzzle . Bummer .
 I 've owned several of the Agri-Fab 14 cubic foot garden carts in the past and I used to rave about how great they were.After my last one started getting a little beat and the wood started getting rotten , I looked for a new one . Based on my past positive experience , I passed up several other brands and after much searching for the Agri-Fab 45-0177 at Do It Best Hardware.I was disappointed from the moment I opened the box.No longer made here in Illinois - now in China . -LRB- How can something this heavy be made in China !? Does n't the shipping cost kill any manufacturing savings !? -RRB- Anyway - the `` wood '' sides and bottom are no longer any kind of recognizable wood . They used to be nice-looking dark-stained plywood . Now - they 're HEAVY , ugly , rough green-painted junk wood . Not even a nice paint job . Mine even had oil stains on it right out of the box.The hardware is completely inappropriate . The screw heads USED to be a wide `` truss head '' that held onto the wood well . The stuff they send now is a small , `` Fillister head '' that is completely wrong for use with wood . It 's too small and sinks into the hood before it 's tight enough to hold . I guess you could replace all the hardware - and I may still - but c'mon guys ! Send us the right screws!The wheels/tires are also JUNK . They used to be standard 26 '' bicycle-type wheels with fairly standard tires and tubes . The ones currently supplied are kind of `` crimped '' onto the rims . Not readily replaceable or even available locally . The tires/tubes also leaked air right out of the box . Just cheap material I guess . The hubs of the rims are also different . They 're CAST IRON ! This is great for a truck , but VERY heavy ! the older-style stamped metal ones were fine . Strong , durable , and LIGHT.In all fairness - the metal parts of the cart are very good . The fit is good . The paint is actually excellent . It LOOKS like it will be durable and it 's smooth . Time will tell if it holds up.If I had unlimited time , I 'd replace all of the hardware , the wood , and the wheels - but what 's the point of buying something just to have to re-build it to make it usable?BTW - I have replaced all the wood on my old garden cart . It will be good for another 5 or 10 years - and it 's much lighter and durable than the `` new '' one.Agri-Fab
 Bought this spreader hoping that it would do the trick when spreading grass seed . Very disappointed . Even on the highest setting , the coverage is inadequate . Better to use the `` throw it out by hand '' method . Plan to donate this spreader to Goodwill .
 it worked well at the beginning . but after two uses , the wheel does n't spin . It feels like some gear stuff was broken/loose in there . My lawn is about 1,000 soft . Fairly disappointed . I have thrown it away and will get a walk-behind spreader.if you have similar size lawn as mine , do n't waste money on this hand held spreader . I have learned the lesson that when buying the tools , start with these in the middle of price range . It 's quite certain that you will upgrade if you start with the cheapest choices -- they either break quite soon , or take a lot of muscle/time to use . You will end up to grade , for sure .
 The width of the axle is too small , causing this to tip over with even a light load on even the smallest of grades . Mine tipped over , bending the frame making the unit useless . It 's just built too cheaply .
 I came here looking for a part for my unit , the same company makes the Statesmann II for Southern States & Ace Hardware stores , even though it is an Earthway product . My crossmember piece which attaches to the frame & the axle rusted after 1 year of use . Now I ca n't seem to find them or get the part to fix the thing ... it seems they want me to buy another whole unit for another 59.99 ... nope not throwing 59.99 away every 2 years . I want something that is going to last 10 years or more the first time I buy it . This is not built to last more than 2 years . . and I kept mine in a shed all winter too . .
 This product is terribly made and a waste of my hard earned money . 1 -RRB- Low water flow forces you to `` mist '' you big plants to death . It is like watching paint dry . 2 -RRB- plastic attachment started popping off the faucet on the second use . From then on it popped of ever single use . 3 -RRB- The connection to the hose broke on the 4th use , and that was the last straw . I have never written a bad review , but this product is just terrible . Into the trash it goes .
 I needed a brass wand/fittings but this item had plastic ones which bent during use . Also , the hose became detached from the fittings when the water was turned on , disconnecting the hose from fittings , causing water to spray all over the room . I had to return the item and the optional fittings .
 Within one minute of hookup and water pressure the section where it attaches blew off . I was able to get it back in one piece but even then the pressure had to be very low.If you can get this for under 10 bucks , I might suggest it ... Otherwise , stay away.No instructions or warranty included in the plain brown box it was shipped in other than a single sheet on how to use the faucet attachment .
 You get no pressure with this hose . . good for watering plants with mist . Thats it . If that is your use . . buy it . Its perfect and is great not to have to haul around the water can . Also the wand is nice so you dont dump water down your arm .
 The thing just flat does n't work . The coils catch on everything , there is no way to get water out in anything other than a mist , and leaks like a sieve from every possible place .
 I was really excited about having an easy watering solution for my front porch plants ; this turned out to be pretty disappointing . First , it can not handle the pressure of an outdoor faucet - why they even bother with pretending you need an adapter for household faucets is beyond me - it can only -LRB- sort of -RRB- work at indoor faucet pressures , so why not just manufacture it that way . Second , the overall construction is VERY flimsy ; had I not returned it , I seriously doubt it would have held up for any reasonable length of time . Lastly , the adjustable tip was a joke - all it did was change the direction of the poorly-defined spray pattern -LRB- perhaps because it could n't handle the pressure , but I tried it with my faucet set at barely a trickle with no better outcome -RRB- . Great concept , but this one 's not the one to get .
 Should you choose to order this product , suggest you have it shipped directly to the landfill and save yourself the trip ... junk !
 Not well made at all . The length is shorter than stated and when you try to fully stretch it to reach the area you want to water it pops off of the faucet . Do n't waste your money !
 The product photos show a metal connection piece to attach to the faucet . Mine was plastic and broke after a couple of uses . Would not buy again .
 Title says it all ... Wrong product description -LRB- I believe the small diameter of 1/4 '' instead of 3/8 '' accounts for the slow output -RRB- . I am getting a different one . I am sick of using this .
 It 's a great idea but a lousy follow-through . The hose connection at the faucet has a plastic ring . If the water pressure goes up , as when you turn on the water , the pressure will blow the hose out of the ring .
 Impossible to attach to faucet
 The playstair springjet 25 ' garden hose wand set -LRB- coiled hose -RRB- was shoddy at best.It leaked when attached to the spigot , and broke -LRB- at the wand attachment -RRB- when I tightened it , and them turned on the hose.Quite disappointing .
 I purchased this thinking it was of better quality than the smaller blue Earthway salter . Sadly it is n't . It did arrive quickly ready to go , but after using it I 'm not thrilled . It will now serve as my back up , it does n't seem to want to move all that well when its full , and it feels kinda cheap . I 'm sure it will be just fine for residential or private use . But if You own a business and need to use it for more than one or two accounts , I suggest to purchase a Salt Dogg , or anything with larger wider wheels , and one made of heaver metal .2 / 11/2010This thing just fell apart on me last night , wheels and gearbox fell apart . Do n't count on it to last if you have to do a lot of work with it . If its just your house it will probably last for a while .
 Word nice for one winter after they replaced a flat tire but beginning of this winter it just fell apart . Epic fail . Note , this was only for personal usage .
 First time using spreader the cable that operates the orafice opening broke . It broke where it connects to the handle.Back to using my cheap weed-eater spreader for my salt , at least its still going after three years .
 Second one I bought , and they both leak out of the flower pedals . Annoying , because it draws ants when they leak . Poor product . Just wish I would have kept the box so I could have returned it . Live , and learn .
 The hummingbirds recognize this feeder right away -LRB- better than the saucer kind -RRB- but it started leaking after a couple months . Pretty unreliable .
 The feeder is the perfect size . It immediately attracted hummingbirds and I thought they were drinking like crazy since I had to fill it almost every day . Turns out it was leaking through the flowers drip by drip . I 'm now looking for another feeder .
 Very disappointing , this lasted less than a year , purchased September 2011 . It started leaking in July and ca n't find where is leaking from . You would think it would last at least a couple of years . Look for a different feeder .
 Both new Feeders leaked !!! I needed to update this review . Obviously there is a manufacturing problem with the feeders and they are not sealed on the bottom . The first one leaked right away . The second one started leaking after about a week . We are trying to glue the bottoms ourselves as the birds do like this feeder a lot , but if it does n't work they will both have to be returned.We had one of this model feeder , and another one from the same company that holds more liquid . The birds would eat out of this one twice as fast . I think it 's the way the feeding portion is so close to the bottom . I think they can get more food out of it faster .
 I bought two of these feeders expecting to hang one up , then add the second one once I had a few hummingbirds showing up regularly . Well , after the first cleaning and refill on the 1st feeder the base was leaking and all of the nectar had leaked out by the next day . I then opened up the second feeder , planning to try and seal the first one somehow . I filled the 2nd feeder and it was fine at first . It took a 2nd cleaning and refill before this one started leaking from the base as well.They are a very nice looking feeder , and the hummers seem to prefer them over the hummzinger feeder that I have , but their food keeps ending up on the ground . Very disappointed with the quality of these feeders and I hope it 's not a pain to get them sent back . I wish I could just have the manufacturer send me new bases , but I will probably just return them .
 This was a gift for my parents who are both disabled.If the product description said that assembly was required , i would not have purchased it.It may seem simple to put something together if you have the use of your hands , but if you do n't -- it 's impossible.List this and save disappointment from your buyers .
 The item came with no instructions on how to assemble it . A plastic coated wire was inside the container , which I guessed was to hang the feeder , but it was inadequate . The perch fit the bottom but did not attach ... was loose and did n't stay put . I put the feeder together with the aid of super glue and some duct tape , and used picture hanging wire to hang the feeder . I would not recommend anyone buying this item . You can get one assembled already at Walmart .
 I have been feeding hummingbirds for a while . There are a few things that surprise me with Perky pet feeders
 This was one crazy purchase . Immediately , after hanging the Perky Pet 210P , two things happened . Hummingbirds were drawn to this feeder , like magnets . One evening I had , 2 hummingbirds sharing each perch . The other thing that happened is that it leaked slowly drip by drip , and , needed filling daily . The hummingbirds loved this feeder so I tried to fix it . I ended up fixing the leaky `` Perky Pet 210P , with a bunch of surf wax , the top of a water bottle and a rubber-washer . The neck of the bottle is not long enough , so the sugar water level is to high , and , it leaks out of the yellow , flowers . Finally , I sent this poorly designed hummingbird feeder back to Amazon . I did not get all my money back , but , that is what I get for trying to fix the Perky Pet 210P . Avoid the hassles , and search elsewhere for a quality hummingbird feeder .
 It seems strange that this feeder is billed as having a no-drip base . I 've had one hung out for about a month on a branch , and as it sways in the wind , the `` flowers '' drip water very quickly - so fast that it only takes 3-5 days to empty completely , even though it 's apparently too early in the season to attract any birds . The flowers , which are detachable , are a press fit into holes about 1/4 inch in diameter . This fit is not water-tight , so in addition to losing water from the small feeding holes in the center of the flowers , water seeps readily from the larger holes around the base of each flower with the slightest tilt of the feeder . I 've just glued the flowers in place with silicone cement to eliminate that source of drip , and perhaps that will reduce the problem to some extent , but at the cost of being unable to replace the flowers in the future . I 've also removed it from the branch and hung it from a solid structure to try to reduce the swaying . Perhaps these fixes will save it from the garbage bin , but given that this is one of the more expensive feeders , I 'm quite disappointed with it .
 Have used this product for overe 15 years . The last order I ordered two and the first one we tried , the base leaked . Returned for replacement . Received replacement . Tried the secoond unit and then the replacement and both bases leaked . I contacted Perky Pet direct and they sent two new replacement bases . Have not tried these based yet . Not sure why the problems with the base ? Hope all will be ok as we like the product but ... not the leaks .
 Perky Pet 209 `` Our Best '' Hummingbird Feeder , 30 oz capacityThe plastic seal on the lid becomes stripped easily and then the flowers start to leak-what a mess considering its SUGAR water ! would like my money back as I 've had it for 1 month !
 It leaks.There 's no real reason to add anything to that paragraph . It 's a fatal flaw . A hummingbird feeder that will not hold water feeds nothing . Other reviews mentioned that it leaked , but who reads other reviews ? I will from now on , not just look at the number of stars on the review .
 I keep going back to this feeder because of its volume only to be reminded that it usually leaks . Bees love it for this and the hummers have to dodge bees to feed . It seems to leak from the bottom v. the feed sites or the bottle entry .
 Purchased 4 of these feeders and one of them leaked profusly right away . Sent it back and Amazon replaced it with another one that also leaked . Since then , the other three started leaking also . Do n't know if I can still return the entire batch since it has been a couple of months , but I am going to try . I had these same feeders in the past and they lasted several years . Somebody `` improved '' them.Update
 I 've had this type of hummingbird feeder in the past . The quality seems to have gone downhill , as the bottom of the feeder leaks constantly . There are no signs of cracks in the plastic . I returned it to Amazon for a refund .
 Used this for 5 minutes -LRB- at 1 MPH -RRB- and the gear box came apart , and the spreader tipped over . This unit is no more than a poorly constructed toy . That 's why they only give you a 90 day warranty and tell you not to tow it above 3 MPH . Save your money and buy a unit with metal gears -LRB- Craftsman or others -RRB- . Avoid ! , Avoid ! , Avoid !!!! On the bright , side Amazon was great . They will pick up the piece of junk and even pay the return shipping . Now that 's what I call customer service !!
 This junk tore up the first time I used it . Cheap thin metal bent and the spreader spinner quit on my second sack of rye grass . 80 pounds is too much weight for this cheap built thing . I put 40 pounds of lime in the hopper and started pulling it very slowly and the metal bent and the hopper turned over and is not usable . This was my first and last day to use it .
 Spreader made very cheap . Not at all the product that was described . Would not recommend for anyone . I have 2 other Earthway spreaders and they work well . Love Earthway products but , this thing sucks .
 I would have to say that no engineer built/developed this thing , if one did they received their degree from the bottom of a cracker jack box . Putting this thing together was a bit of a challenge due to the placement of the bolts you need to tighten . It was very clear that the product I received had been put together once before , because the three areas that you need to screw/tighten were all scratched to hell -LRB- yep right out of box -RRB- One would think that they would of sent me a new unit -LRB- that 's what I paid for -RRB- but it was clear that the unit I received was used before I got it . Once together it did the job , but required some skill to not tip the unit on turns . Save your money for something else , do not buy this unit .
 I thought the concept of this hose was great , unfortunately in a real life garden it is not.Don ' t think because this hose is coiled it will not kink , in fact it kinks more than any hose I have ever had.As long as you keep tension on the hose from the faucet it works good , however loosen the tension or walk back toward the faucet and you have a tangled mess . A mess that is a real bugger to undo.The coiled hose tense to be a real hazard to your small plants , delicates & pots it reeks havoc on them.All in all , I salute the idea and the only real good I am getting out of this hose now is for tying up my trees.Yes , I cut the hose up into pieces and I am using this for tying trees to stakes for this I give it 5 stars forwatering my plants it gets 2 stars .
 There is n't much water pressure , but it is n't much hose . It does recoil , but not in a uniform manner , so I found myself unknotting it in order to use it . They were more trouble then what they were worth , so I replaced them with straight hoses . However , if you had them on your porch to do light watering , I suspect they would be fine .
 The fitting on the end of the hose was not crimped and so it broke when installed . This product was poorly made .
 This was very poorly made and leaked horribly from the onset . Very big waste of money . I purchased two and both of them had the same problems . Both were thrown in the garbage . Please do n't waste your money on this product .
 The hose in the picture shows metal conectors the one I got was plastic . I have high water presure and it blew off and soaked my bathroom .
 My in-laws purchased us one of these and it was annoying ! It would get tangled in between coils . You had to pull really hard to get it extended .
 Was originally excited to use this b/c we have a small front yard , and a smallish backyard , but it fell short of my expectations . When the water 's turned on , it reduces the water pressure a lot , so when you use a garden trigger , you do n't get the same effect . Also , it 's not as easy to move it around the yard as I thought it would be , which is one of the main reasons I got it .
 I previously owned a rubber coil hose for several years which never became kinked . This new coil hose is lightweight as advertised , and as such , it is not very strong . Therefore , it does not recoil very quickly and you have to make it happen somewhat . It tends to twist up each time I recoil it -LRB- the plastic kind of sticks -RRB- and then I have to take the time to unravel it . Though I am only talking 15 seconds at most , compared to the rubber hose I owned -LRB- which I could not find anywhere to purchase -RRB- it is annoying . Also , this hose has such a short threaded end that when you twist on a spray nozzle , you may not be able to tighten it enough as you have nothing to grab other than the hose by the time the nozzle gets to the end of the thread . Mine currently drips due to this . I doubt I will even be able to remove the spray nozzle without cutting it off the hose . My advice , find a rubber coil hose then post on Amazon where you found it !
 I am an Extension Agent who specializes in Horticulture and I can tell you that this is a poor idea for a product . First , there is insufficient flow though the narrow hose . It takes a long time to properly water with this product . The second major flaw is that once you 're more than a few feet from spigot , the hose tends to make a straight line between you and it thereby knocking over pots and breaking fragile stems . The retraction `` feature '' also makes it hard to set a sprinkler out in the yard without staking it down . You would be better served by buying a quality supple hose and spending the 45 seconds -LRB- I timed it -RRB- to properly wind a hose . This might be okay for someone in a Condo or only has a few plants on a deck .
 I THOUGHT A $ 50 HOSE FOR $ 20 WOULD BE A WISE PURCHASE . I THOUGHT THE TRANSPARENT BLUE LOOKED COOL AND THAT THE COILED FORM WOULD SAVE EFFORT WHEN WATERING . I AM DISAPPOINTED IN THE HOSE FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS
 Granted , this is a $ 20 hose , but I thought it would be ok for what I wanted . I only have a small group of shrubs and plants which I wanted to water with this hose and I thought it would be great to pull it out , do my watering , and presto , let it spring back . I was very wrong . First of all , I had a horrible time with the faucet fitting . I tried multiple times to get it to work without leaking but it only ended in me getting drenched when I went to turn the water on or off . The water pressure was not great , but with the smaller hose , I had already assumed that would be the case . If you want to use this for something other than minor watering , do n't bother . The spring recoil did not work . I basically had to pick the hose up and place it where I wanted it and `` help '' the recoil process along.I really liked the idea of a quick , cool hose . That 's exactly what it was though . . just an idea . I would NOT recommend this to anyone .
 We had to return it because the water pressure from our house bent it out of shape after first use -LRB- it no longer &#34; slinkies &#34;
 I bought 8 of these hoses to connect together to reach the different levels of my garden . I bought several so I would not have to stretch them too much to make them reach . I only used them a few times and two of them pulled apart right away . I have had other brands of coiled hoses in the past with no problems but these are very cheaply made . No doubt made in China . China is becoming well known in the world for cheaply made garbage .
 I was not able to connect the coiled water hose to any of my faucets . I recently upgraded the faucets in both the kitchen and the bathroom and the hose connector did not fit either one . The kitchen faucet has a wand which detaches from the main hardware and I even went so far as to dismantle the wand but the Plastair SpringJet Water Hose still was incompatible.Plastair SpringJet 50-Foot Coiled Water Hose and Wand Set , Ocean Blue #PUJ 250B93OT
 This was purchased for my wife to replace a similar design that had developed a crack in the handle after 8 years . I hooked it up and immediately regretted my purchase because of the inferior design and materials to the one I was replacing . I hoped that I was just being critical - they sell it on Amazon , right ! I was in the house the first time she used it and when she came in , dripping wet , and asked if I would help her with the hose I knew that it had failed . Trust me and you can stop reading here.Oh , that was n't good enough and you want something more technical and descriptive ? Okay !! Grasp this ! The part that connects to your water supply -LRB- spigot -RRB- is composed of 3 separate pieces in the overall design . A small threaded portion , made of a type of flexible plastic . The hose-end is a slightly more rigid black plastic piece , fused to the coiled hose , with a pencil-lead-sized small hole for water flow , and an outside diameter only a couple of millimeters larger than the hole in the threaded-piece that it is inserted within . The third piece is a black vinyl washer , intended to cushion and seal the hose-end within the threaded portion . The problem comes when the water is turned on ! It would work well at a trickle - maybe 10-15 % pressure . Try for more water and the threaded portion flexes sufficiently to allow the whole thing to blow apart .
 Plastir Spring Jet 50 ft coiled water hoseI am unable to connect the hose with the parts included so thew product ios essentially useless .
 The hose end that connects to the faucet has a cheap plastic connector . All I have purchased before have been metal . The plastic connector leaks if you have more than 25 0r 30 psi of pressure . Because you can not take the fitting off , it makes the whole hose worthless .
 Most all said it was trash ... they are right.It does come with a metal adaptor/connector between the plasticand the sink -LRB- this is new I think -RRB- . However it still leaks bigtime.It is being returned unused .
 Low flow water pressure , not correctable . This is more of a mister . Leaked from the faucet on first use .
 When I first received this item , it worked great . It attached to the faucet well and was quite convenient to use for houseplants . Then ... after being used about 3 times , the plastic threads to attach to the faucet no longer held . Now , it 's useless , and I 'm beyond the 30 days to return it . I had read other reviews mentioning this same thing about the plastic threading - so I bought a brass coupling for attachment , thinking I could get around it . No . It did n't help . Now I 'm out the money for both . IF I buy another -LRB- elsewhere ! -RRB- , I 'll be sure that the faucet attachment is not plastic .
 I was excited about this product . It seemed like it would allow me to easily water my plants around my room . When I tried to hook it to my sink , the connections did not attach easily . It leaked and when the water was turned up with any pressure at all , it popped off of the sink - In order to keep the hose attached , the water pressure has to be very low . It took longer to water with this hose than to carry water to the plants in one gallon water jugs.Plastair SpringJet 50-Foot Coiled Water Hose and Wand Set , Ocean Blue #PUJ 250B93OT
 I thought it would reach to my balcony plants but did n't and it did n't connect with my laundry room spigot .
 This was one of the worst items I have ever bought on the web . There is no way to keep it fastened to the faucet . When you tighten it to the faucet and turn the water on , the plastic disk attached to the hose blows out the bottom of the ring around the outside faucet and you have no way to keep the hose connected to the faucet . Not worth having .
 I wasted my money on this . It was made of plastic parts and squirted water all over my kitchen as it came apart in several pieces the first time I used it . It has gone to the dumpster - WAS MY BAD PURCHASE of the week .
 The plastic hose connector and washer are not leak proof when connecting to any hose bibb and leaks will occur unless you make a better seal with teflon tape .
 I bought this to use in my apartment . I really liked it , but could n't use it when first purchased because it was too early in the season to plant . When I finally got a chance , it broke within 3 uses . I am really disappointed . I have spent a lot of timed ragging it around to various hardware stores attempting to get the proper end for it . No one had anything to fit it . Now it can not be returned for the purchase price because I ordered it 3 months ago . I 'd be very aware of the flimsy material used in construction and that you may be out $ 25 .
 The first time I connected it and turned on my faucet the water pressure blew the plunger apart making it inoperable.Do not waste your money on the cheap plastic construction .
 I put this device on my outdoor faucet and it functioned beautifully as advertised . Unfortnately , I left the faucet on at full pressure and went out to run an errand and , when I returned , the hose connector -LRB- which is plastic and not metal as shown in the picture -RRB- had ruptured and I had water streaming out and flooding everything . We have very high water pressure in our town , but you would think that they would have designed the device better . I would NOT recommend .
 This product is a waste of money . The plastic connection started popping off the faucet on my second use , and got progressively worse . The Plastic hose popped off the sprayer on the third use , and can not be put back on . Becuase of the low water flow , it actually takes me LONGER to use this product then just filling up a pail . Garbage .
 Ok , I live in a very very small condo . I have a end / ground floor unit so I have quite a bit of planting space and a fairly large patio . For months I had been lugging pails of water back and forth.Not having access to an outdoor spigot I needed a hose that could attach to a indoor sink and I wanted it to stow away in a small space.I ordered this hose set up from amazon . It came in a very worn box with no packing or instrucions . As a another reviewer stated this hose may NOT work out of the box with some faucets . That was my problem ... I had to purchase an adaptor -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- to get a threaded faucet end . Sadly , I had to purchase yet another adpater -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- to get the right combo of female/male -LRB- ? -RRB- end ... and finally I have a working hose . Thats works just ok and does not have great water pressure nor reaches 50 feet.Another problem the `` wand '' with use keeps popping off . You can fix this by turning off the water and then reattaching it and then tighting it ... a lot of work with this hose . After two weeks of daily use it also has devloped a small leak at the wand to hose part . I also have a mess of adapters on my faucet -LRB- UGGH ! -RRB- My advice check out local stores and check your faucet BEFORE ordering this item !
 I searched a while for this kind of product -LRB- to replace a good one from years back -RRB- and thought this was ` the one ' . Brass swivel fittings , wand sprayer that adjusts from fine mist to stream , 5 yr warranty . Not the case -LRB- as others have noted in reviews -RRB- . 1 -RRB- The fittings are not brass , they are plastic . This makes for a nearly impossible connection on my outdoor faucet -LRB- it detached itself due to the water pressure within 3 minutes -RRB- . Further , if it stayed connected , I 'd expect it to fail within the season from expansion/contraction due to weather or stripping of the threads due to mismatch with metal water faucet threads . 2 -RRB- The wand tip only allows for a single stream . The wand itself is also very flimsy -LRB- as others have noted -RRB- . I should gone with my gut . I put it back in the box after 10 minutes and sent back the same day . Thankfully the shipping was free but what a pain . Do not purchase however enticing this product appears to be . I will keep searching . Enough said .
 this item used to be 50.00 now reduced . It still isnt worth the lower price . Very poorly made . The connecting attachment is to soft and strips as soon as you try to tighten it up .
 Low Flow . Made for Indoor Plants.As in my situation , I used the product outdoors . It Blew and High pressure hose water went everywhere!Low Quality , but an interesting idea if it worked well .50 ft is more like 20 ftHowever the mist is nice .
 I loved the idea of having this to water my plants on the deck and front porch without making several trips with the watering can . It worked well for about 2 times , then the plastic connector would not fit on the faucet again . It kept popping off .
 At best , it takes a longggggg time to water a plant -LRB- water barely dribble out of the tiny pin hole ; - -RRB-
 I like it but the part where the hose hooks onto the sink is made of plastic so everytime you take it off it strips the inside . The end result is water shooting out of the top part . I ended up going out and buying another one with a metal connector .
 This product does not convert to any fawcet . It did not convert to mine , and so I am stuck with the thing . I ca n't send it back for a refund because it is too difficult to package for shipment . A Great disapointment because I am disabled and am having dificulty watering my plants . I had hoped that this would enable me to water my plants .
 Sorry if you 're intested in a device to accomplish the stated function , keep looking ... as this is junk ... I received the item 3 days ago . . and have n't been successful in using it ... the idea is good ... but even with low water pressure on my faucet ... as soon as I get it attached and turn on the water -- even slowly -- the apparatus pops apart and you have water all over your kitchen ... the screw on fitting remains on the faucet ... the flaw is in the design - the part that attaches to the screw-on collar has very little variance - and either that bit of pressure pops it off - ... or -- where the two elements attach do n't allow for ANY moverment . . I really tried everything -- and it was very disappointing ... I will be returning it tomorrow and look for a higher quality design
 We purchased this in January 2007 , and had to replace the hose connector right after we received it to keep it from leaking , used it only a few times and always kept it stored in a protected area in the shade . We tried to use it today -LRB- 11-30-08 -RRB- and the hose had split . We are very disappointed in the quality of this item and if I could give it minus stars , I would . Plastair SpringJet 50-Foot Coiled Water Hose and Wand Set , Ocean Blue #PUJ 250B93OT
 I returned my Plastair SpringJet 50-Foot coiled water hose and wand set because I found it to be flimsy . I attached to a faucet and used it for minutes and went on to do something else . When I returned water was spraying everywhere . The connection had failed and blown the connector apart .
 I have a problem with it leaking where the hose screws onto the faucet . I thought i would have been better made for the $ 25 i paid for it .
 The item does not fit all standard faucets , and it does not stand up to any pressure other than a dribble . I ended up going to a local hardware store , buying an adapter and fitted it with a small garden hose . Cheaper and does the job much better . The item is very attractive .
 The fitting that connects to the water supply is made of plastic and it leaks . It is easy to overtighten and strip the threads , therefore there 's really not a way to stop the leak . The whole set is n't really useable .
 Plastair SpringJet 50-Foot Coiled Water Hose and Wand Set , Ocean Blue #PUJ 250B93OTThe picture clearly shows brass or metal faucet connectors on the product , but what I received has not just plastic , but cheap plastic connectors . The plastic connector flexes when tighened on the faucet and leaks immensely . When tighened more , it leaks more because it flexes and separates from the internal hose component . Even if you can tolerate the leaking , if you tug any at all on the hose it will pull through the cheap plastic connector on the faucet separating it from the connector and the faucet . Unless one is interested in wasting huge amounts of water , I can not recommend this product to anyone as it is totally unusable .
 In the picture it show 's metal conectors they are really plastic . I hooked it to the bathroom sink and it blew apart soaking the entire bathroom . Not a happy customer !
 First there is no way to control pressure , water either dribbles out or shoots out so hard that it splashes mud all over the room . 2nd , by the third time I tried to use it , the threads stripped and it sprayed water all over the house . DEFINITELY NOT worth the $ 30 and aggrivation it cost me !!!!!
 i 'm sure this is the answer to my constant quest to move water without carrying buckets around . i ordered this product in june but i 'm still waiting for the shipment to arrive and the summer is rapidly waning . c'mon amazon send me my hose .
 I purchased this watering wand to replace my 15 year old greenhouse watering wand . The very first time I used it , the hose separated from the housing , which remained attached to the faucet . I was unable to reattach the two parts , so it is now useless . Perhaps it only is meant to be used for attaching to indoor faucets , in which case , that should be clearly noted in the product description . The picture that shows a person watering in a greenhouse is misleading . The idea was good , but the execution was very disappointing .
 WHAT GOES ? IN PICTURE IT SHOWES METALL COUPLER , I RECEIVED ONE WITH PLASTIC COUPLER . WOULD NOT STAY ON WHEN WATER PRESSER WAS TURNED ON . I HAVE BEEN DEALING WITH AMAZON FOR A LONG TIME . NOW I FEEL LIKE I HAVE BEEN RIPPED OFF . SENT IT BACK FOE A REFUND ! WE WILL SEE ! WHAT A PIECE OF JUNK !
 I would have been better off with a watering can ! This is pretty much junk with a plastic coupler that would n't seal on my faucet . Water was squirting out the side of the connection and therefore , I had zero water pressure at the other end . I maybe was able to use this once or twice and then decided it was n't worth the hassle . Waste of money .
 After just a couple of weeks , this is already busted and in the trash . The part that screws onto the sink is plastic and can not handle the water pressure . If you have two people and one person can turn the water off and on so there is never any pressure built up , it would probably work just fine . But we found that , if this will screw onto your sink faucet , any hose will and we just brought in our outdoor garden hose with metal fittings and it works great . I wish we had tried that first before we bought this .
 Do not buy this water wand unless you buy a mop and bucket with wringer . The item failed from the day it arrived . We had a simiilar product in our plant room for years , but it failed with age . This looked similar to our original , but the rubber bushing by the water feed just pops out . We do not connect it to a sink , but rather a water spigot by our plants . Even with the most minimalistic water pressure it pops . I siliconed the bushing , hose bushing and entire water connection assembly as a last ditch effort . Now I can not even return it . A total waste of time and money . Good luck finding a suitable product .
 This product is already broken - only used twice . Attachment to spigot would not hold - hose became detached.Would not recommend .
 ASIN : PUJ250B930T-AMZ50-Foot 3/8-Inch coil garden hose wand set-blue-I purchased this item because years ago I had owned one similar . I have already thrown this one away . I hooked it up to my sink and from the first time , it leaked . Not only did it leak around the faucet but it also leaked around the spray nozzle . I would not reccommend this product . One that works is very helpful . One that leaks makes nothing but a terrible mess .
 low water flow , cord gets tangled if pulled much and seems to strain the plastic fixture ... all plastic !! : -LRB-
 I am very dissappointed with this tool . This is the second one that I have ordered and both leak water out of the side of the nozzle . This makes it impossible to use it inside of the house . That is the reason I ordered it to begin with .
 This coil type was purchased to replace a similar product from Costco that they no longer carry . The product is similar to the previous item but the design results in very inferior performance . The spray wand is made of injection molded plastic parts and warps when it is stored in a horizontal position and is difficult to adjust the spray pattern and the adjustment range is inferior to the prefious metal design . The female threaded hose connection is also inferior due of insufficient strength of the threaded collar . It leaks profusely at normal water pressure and replacement of the hose gasket only fixed it for a short time . I still use the item but I have to use it only while the lawn sprinklers are on and the system pressure is less . The clear coil hose , on the other hand , is superior to the previouse product . I like it 's handling characteristics and it 's looks . My rating
 I was very disappointed with this product . Hooked it up to sink and it leaked at connection . Took it apart and fixed that problem only to have it leak at the spray nozzle . Took it off , could n't fix that so I have no spray nozzle on the end , which shortened my reach by 12 '' . Would not suggest anyone buy this one .
 The hose pulled free from the female faucet side connector . It leaked even before it broke . Total waste of money and time .
 I got this to be able to quickly water plants and top off our hot tub and it is doing the job for now . It is soooooo cheaply made that I am pretty sure it will not last long . The plastic parts have all kinds of flashing left on them , the open/close latch does n't work because the parts do n't fit well , it leaks .
 Plastair SpringHose 50-Foot Coiled Water Hose , Ocean Blue #PUW 650B93OTI wanted something to make it easier for me to water the plants and flowers on my back deck and front porch ; something easier than pulling out my heavy duty front-yard and back-yard garden hoses . Well , the two Plastair Springjet 50 Ft. oiled Hose and Wand set are a waste of time ; not time savers . They are extremely light duty , do n't connect to outside spigots very well -LRB- leaks at the connection -RRB- and pass water so slowly that an old fashioned watering can would have been much faster . My hoses are being sent back .
 The product was delivered in a timely mannor . That is the good point . After connecting the hose to the water supply and turning the water on , the coupling blew apart . So I put it all togeather and reconnected it . I tried a much lower water pressure with the same results . After repeating this procedure a few more times , with the same results , I went to Lowe 's and bought a 3/4 '' to 1/4 '' reducer , cut the connector off the hose and put on the reducer . Now it stays connected to the water supply and is useable . However , the nozzle will not adjust , I can only get a solid stream , no spray or anything else . Would I recommend this item , I do n't think so .
 I was very excited to get this product , because I live in a condo and have plants and flowers on my terrace , but no outdoor faucet . I could just hook it up to my kitchen sink and the long hose esily reached outside to the terrace . Unfortunately , the first time I used it , it came apart and water sprayed all over my kitchen ! I was very disappointed with this product .
 Despite many negative reviews on this product , I went ahead and bought it hoping the product would work but it did not . The hose is the perfect size that I was looking for because I have a balcony garden and I have to carry pitcher after pitcher outside . The fixtures are metal but it would keep popping off my faucet . Even if it did fit securely , the hose has an inherent defect because the water literally enters the hose one drip at a time because the metal fixture is attached to the pipe with a plastic part that has a tiny little hole . I am back to the pitchers of water again !
 I bought this as an extension to my back yard hose to keep the patio nice and clean . Unfortunately I hooked this to my hose and within 5 minutes the connector between the hose and the coil hose had come apart . I do n't think the connection could stand up to the pressure dispite using very low flow . I would find another product before purchasing this
 Plastair SpringJet 50-Foot Coiled Water Hose and Wand Set , Ocean Blue #PUJ 250B93OTUnable to use the product cause the connection from the hose to female/male connection does not stay in tact . The male connection does not allow you to buy an adapter which has the same threads , so unable to find an adapter which will allow the system to be used.would like to return the item ... very disatisfied ...
 This hose did not work due to the fact that the piece that screws onto the faucet is made out of rubber or plastic and will not screw to the faucet . When I tried to screw it on , it crumbled into pieces . They need to put metal connectors on them like they do on the outdoor hoses . This one is for indoor plants , but it is no good to me because I ca n't get it screwed on and I will have to get my money back . Mary Doerr in Virginia Beach , VA
 This item does n't stretch 60 ' ... it is more like 25-30 ' . Any farther than that and the plastic female connector on the hose itself leaks and sprays water in about a 3 ' radius . The problem is that they provide a male metal connector for the faucet and plastic connector on the hose . Also , if you have any large plants , the water flow is so small that it takes forever to water . I have 5 Hibiscus that range from 3 ' - 7 ` and one Lemon Tree that is over 10 ' and all of them are more than 30 ' from the nearest sink . I still have to water them by hand or risk creating a geyser in my kitchen . If you have small-medium plants within 25 ' of your water source this is a great item .
 Plastair SpringJet PUJ250B93OT-AMZ 50-Foot 3/8-Inch Coil Garden Hose Wand Set - BlueWasher not includedPoor design where product attaches to house hose spigot . Inner part that is attached to 1/8 inch hose slips through end of part or again the part that attaches to house spigot.I had original item like this for 12 years made by predessor of this manufacturing company and loved it.To much trouble to send part back to you . Really hurt my impression of Amazon and quality products.Ed Parmacek
 Do n't waste your money . Not only did the fitting leak at the faucet connection , when any water pressure was applied water leaked from the handle and every other connection . Had to return the product because it could not be used for its intended function . The carpet was soaked instead of watering the plants !
 I am not sure I got what I paid for . My hose is 1/4 inch x 50 Feet.Because of the smaller size of the hose the volume of water is reduced greatly . It is usable but takes more time to water my plants .
 The description of the product and the price compared to other indoor hoses made me think this was going to be a nicely constructed product . It is not . It works , but as others have reported it leaks at the faucet . Additionally , the sprayer does not change from a stream , the description says it will go from a fine mist to a stream . Be aware it does no such thing . Additionally the plastic the entire product is made from is cheap and feels like it will wear out before long . Time will tell .
 Purchased this on-line with good intentions . Was sincerely disappointed with it . First , the length is not what it is described , it stretches to 23feet , the spray nozzel does not spray no matter how you turn it , just shoots a harsh stream of water which throws dirt all over , and thirdly , the sink adapter which screws into the hose , the threads are tooooo short and it keeps popping off the sink when turned on creating another disaster with water all over.FORGET THIS ONE OUT THERE , there was a better one with brass water wand and brass coupling for a few $ $ more . Ca n't find in now . Let me know if you see it !!!!
 This product fell apart the first ime I used it . Save your money !
 The hose did not get tangled which was good however , the connection at the kitchen sink did not last for more than 2 minutes then it started leaking and disconnecting completely . I was dissappointed .
 This Item is one of the biggest piece of junk i have ever bought . The hose is very very thin and not sturdy and the faucet coupler is IMPOSSABLE to connect . and it pops off constinently . even if it did connect and stay as it 's supposed to the itewm wouldn '' t last 2 weeks due to it 's flimsy and cheap construction . The manufacturer and AMAZon ahould be ashamed they sold this item .
 I did not read the reviews carefully before purchasing this or I would have found another product
 No offense Amazon , but this is junk . Looks nice until the hose sees water pressure . The cheap coupling -LRB- to faucet -RRB- flexes and blows right off . No matter how little you have the spigot open . . Additionally , the inlet is a very small hose -LRB- reduce pressure to the tip , increase pressure at the spigot ? go figure -RRB- ... . poor design.Returning as soon as I can get it in the box.Like the Haunted Forest said , '' I go back If I were you ''
 works great , yes the coiled hose makes the length a bit short but as long as you are not trying to get to the last 5 feet it 's all good.that was what i said when i first used this ... after just 3 uses i have found that like others the plastic used on the faucet attachment is weak , soft and will not last with any real use . the thing will come apart and you will wind up with a mini-flood in your home or aprtment to clean up.the adapter needs to be made much stronger out of metal or with better plastics that will not pop out while in use .
 Okay , I have wrestled with this for months , trying to get in not to leak . The one that it replaced was substantial with brass fittings and lasted for years in my sunroom . This is basically a piece of junk and I am very unhappy with it . I am particularly unhappy that a better one does not seem to be available at any price . Most plumbing fixtures seem to be of very poor quality these days , I 'm talking of threaded connectors etc. . They may be cheaper but they are not worth it .
 Despite other such wands that usually have some brass parts and a fully adjustable spray , this one seems entirely of plastic , with a wand that will not deliver a fine mist - which is a critical flaw . Worse , within 5 minutes in use , the hose coupling that attaches to the faucet , `` blew off '' completely and was irreparable because the nut that screws onto the faucet was separated entirely from the hose and could not be reassembled . Fortunately I was able to return it to Amazon the next day and I think my only net loss was the postage to send it back .
 It leaks just like the rest of them at the lid . No matter which of the 3 settings you choose it leaks out of the other two . You get more miracle grow on you then on the plants . They are all worthless so far .
 I recently purchased this sprayer thinking I could adjust teaspoons and tablespoons for the dry mix fertilizer.It is only adjustable for liquid . I decided to use it anyway and after one use it is already broken . Instead of 1 Tablespoon per gallon it is putting out about 10 per gallon.Ended up just throwing it away.Waste of money .
 The first season it stopped working after a few months . The company replaced the engine at no cost -LRB- warranty -RRB- . This year it worked for 1 month then stopped . I give up.I do n't recommend this product .
 The plants were small and arrived in the mail dried out and in poor condition . Regardless of the condition of the plants I went ahead planting the Salvia per instructions provided . It did not help . Plants are basically dead !
 I 've bought globes before , but from a different vendor , and I loved them ! However , these appear to be seconds or rejects because the stems were super narrow . That makes it extremely time consuming and nearly impossible to fill the globes . Kind of defeats the whole idea of having a time saving watering system !
 The aqua globes are an attractive addition to my plants but they require very exact repeated attempts at placement . The stems of the globes tend to fill up with soil from the pot and create a barrier so that no water trickles out to keep the plant at the right level of moisture .
 Do NOT , I repeat , do NOT make the same mistake that I did in buying this product . I have a lot of plants so I 've spent over $ 100 on this nonsense . It is an absolute waste of time and money!Oh , they look so pretty when initially you put them in ... then the time comes to refill the bulbs . Then you realize that half of them are still filled with water because the dirt got into the narrow openings . So you carefully make sure that the bulbs have their holes made for them to avoid this happening in the future and hope for the best . Then you realize that the plants are hungrier than you thought.WITHOUT the bulbs , you need to feed/water your plants every 2-3 days . Guess what ? WITH the bulbs , you still need to water your plants every 2-3 days ! Only now , except just watering your plants , you will be spending 5 times more time in filing up the blasted bulbs in addition to watering your plants . So , a 10 minute job becomes 2-person 45 minute job . And for what ? The bulbs BREAK at the slightest provocation , they have a hard time standing up until you prop them , the openings get stuffed with dirt and become impenetrable by any means other than a letter opener ... It 's a mess!In other words , AVOID LIKE PLAGUE and save your money !
 I purchased these for a plant that I often forget to water . Unfortunately , they 're not effective . When I checked the plant a week after inserting the globes , I found the soil to be dry , and the globes to still be full of water . Soil had clogged the spout , preventing the water from coming out . Removing the impacted soil was n't easy , and no amount of repositioning once it was cleared prevented it from happening again . They look pretty , but did n't serve their purpose .
 The main problem is inconsistency in the diameter of the tube . Some are so thin that water do n't come out even if you leave them in the air . Some other aro so big that the water get depleted over night . So , they look pretty nice , but are pretty useless if you are looking for something that you can trust when you go away
 These globes do not hold enough water to water even the smallest of my potted plants for one day , let alone for two weeks . I suppose they would work fine if it rained during that period , but otherwise , do not purchase .
 I like how they look in the plants . But mine kept getting clogged when I put them in . My plant got dryer and dryer and the water still stayed in the bulb ... Maybe I did n't dig the hole deep enough ? I 've already thrown out those flowers so if I get some new ones I will try digging the hole deeper to see if they work that way . Hard to get the dirt out once it clogs .
 Put this in my plant and the globe was empty in about 1 1/2 hours . Needs to come with a cork or something to slow the water down .
 They do not tell you that for all but the smallest plants you . Need two globes . I did not find that they kept my plants watered as I had hoped . I still have to water my inpatients . They do n't do anything for the ferns . Also , in spite of making a hole for the stem , they still got clogged with dirt . I would n't buy them again .
 I ordered 3 packs of Aqua Globes . I did n't unpack them until I was ready to use them -LRB- I was going out of town and wanted my plants watered while gone -RRB- . None of the boxes was damaged , but one of the pair in a box was broken . No glass was in the box but the stem of the globe was about 2 '' shorter than the other one and it was ragged at the end which indicated to me that it was n't made that way . One of another pair , the stem is so narrow that it is almost impossible to get water into it .
 I purchased these to water some window boxes . I filled the globes and inserted them into the planter boxes as the directions stated . Withing a few hours all were empty . I needed these for watering while away . But the water emptied out before I even left . Product looks nice , but does n't work as expected .
 I got 4 Aqua globes with the high hopes that they would work adequately . I did everything the instructions asked of me . When I got back after two weeks I noticed that two of the globes had not emptied into the plant . Not so great . The two plants deprived of water barely managed to survive their ordeal.Since the globes performed so marginally I decided to create my own Aqua Globe system using a one liter soda bottle , some silicon sealant and some pieces of Plexi-glas tubing . I made it much the same way as an Aqua Globe . The difference being the ability to prime my watering unit by squeezing it . Something you ca n't do with a glass ball . Also , the one liter capacity of my `` Soda Globe '' provided far more water than the meager amount contained in the glass bulb . I think I need to make more of my own watering units , or just devise a wicking/capillary action mechanism.Overall , the Aqua Globes are aesthetically pleasing which is why I gave this < 50 percent-dependable product a middle of the road rating .
 I got these as a Christmas present and was excited to try them out in my houseplants . The first thing I noticed that even without water , they are heavy . So once you add the water to them they weigh a lot more than you would think . I tried them in several average sized pots -LRB- just like they show in the commercial -RRB- and they were so heavy that the pots kept tipping over . Also the ends were constantly getting clogged . It 's just much more efficient if I water my plants myself . I 'm just glad that I did n't spend any money on these because they were a complete waste !
 I bought these for when I went on vacation . I could n't get them to work . The water would drain out of them immediately . Or dirt would get stuck in them . Eventually they shattered .
 if you do these things just right they drip gradually , but still do n't water as consistently and for as long as the hydrospikes . they are prettier , but more work than is worth it
 I sent the product back ! They 're very nice looking but I live in a windy area and I was going to use them in my hanging plants outside and I was afraid they would break .
 If the pot is too small it will tip over . If the pot is too big these will not do any good for any duration -LRB- too small = baseball sized -RRB- . Ideal for a 6 '' pot . A better design would have an open top so you can refill without removal . Everytime you place it you have to make sure you do n't plug with dirt or it wo n't work right . The glass bulbs are very pretty , but they do n't hold much water . Forget about using these for being gone on vacation , unless your plant requires very little water . We lost several plants in just 1 week .
 You need to have a large enough potted plant for the Aqua Globe to stay upright . If you ca n't stick it in deep enough it falls over . I had problems with it getting clogged with soil . Even for the one plant , I was able to use it in , I did n't notice that I had to water the plant less then I normally did . I also did n't like how it looked in the potted plant . I felt it detracted from the plant 's appearance . My Aqua Globes are all under my bed now . I 'll sell them at a yard sale someday .
 the first day I got this and put it in my planter . it went through a whole serving of water . my bf filled it up again a few days later and the same thing happened . Soon mold was growing at the base of my plant . It eventually turned brown and flopped right over . Waste of money . I bought the ceramic cones and they are a million times better .
 The bulb simply emptied out completely after about an hour , overflowing the water on my plants . Also , the color depicted for the item was a cobalt blue , instead I got a very bright robin blue which is really ugly with my pots and the plant . If you want a specific color , you should find an item where the color is specified .
 The item seems fine and seemed to work well at first . When I has going to go on vacation and watered the plant and then filled and inserted Aqua Globe the filled globe was top heavy and the wet soil could not support the weight . The globe tipped over . Luckily I caught it . I 'm now just using them for decorations and would not purchase anymore .
 Was given to me by my sister as a birthday gift and while beautiful these globes just do n't cut it . I have tried it in several plants and the little tube always gets clogged with dirt . I have tried waiting to see if eventually the dirt would get moist enough to release the rest of the water but my plants started wilting and I did n't want to risk it . Does make for a pretty decoration though .
 The watering balls did not work at all for me . I tried them in several different pots with no luck . The only time my plants were watered is when I lifted the balls out of the dirt . I had hoped that at least they would be decorations in the pots , put they are very heavy .
 To start , these things are very pretty , the hand blown patterns are very unique from bulb to bulb . However since they 're hand blown not only are each of them different in color patterns but also in the thickness of the stem inside . The pack I had ordered came with one normal sized stem and the other came with a stem that was near impossible to `` easily fill '' unless I trickled water down into the bulb VERY slowly . I suppose they watered well enough but the amount of water used seems more or less proportionate to the density of your soil so if you have your plants newly potted then they might consume water -LRB- or waste , I honestly could n't tell -RRB- in about a day . I recommend this only as a cheapass alternative to asking a friend to come over to water your plants when you 're away .
 Aqua globes do not work ! The end clogs when you push them into the soil and no water can get out to water the plant ! Even making `` pre-holes '' with pencils , pens , fingers , etc. . . the end of the globe clogs when you put it into the soil then the water ca n't get out . I have left these in for as much as a week to see if it unclogs itself when the soil is dry and no , it does not . I have to take the globe out of the plant soil and unclog it with a pencil while running under water . These are pretty but they do not work and are a waste of money !
 Go to Walmart -LRB- even if you hate it -RRB- and get one of these globes for $ 0.98 !!!!!!!!!!! If you want to stick it to the man , then donate what you saved to some non-profit that opposes Walmart ... but I love it .
 Although these globes are very pretty , the fact that they are glass makes them not a good buy IMO . I bought a couple of these a few years ago . The second one I started inserting it into a potted plant . I was putting a little bit of pressure on it to get it deep enough into the soil , as the soil was a bit packed , and all of a sudden the stem of it broke . Well , my hand moved downward and the broken piece that was in the soil sliced all the way across the palm of my hand and across a couple of my fingers !! I had to go to urgent care and it required about 10-14 stitches , and it was very painful and took some time to heal . I can still feel a bit of numbness in one of my fingers that got cut pretty deep.So if you do buy these , WORDS OF CAUTION - BE VERY CAREFUL INSERTING THEM INTO THE SOIL AND NEVER NEVER PUT PRESSURE ON IT IF IT DOES N'T GO IN VERY EASILY !!!! Personally , I 'll find another way to auto-water my plants!But other than the breaking , I also do n't think they work well because the other one I had put in a different pot before this happened -LRB- and went in fine -RRB- did not release the water . After I came back from my trip , the globe was still almost full of water and the soil was dry . So seems like for these to work at all , and not break , the soil must be very loose .
 I followed the instructions faithfully . I did n't have the problem some people mentioned of the bulb getting plugged , that 's fairly easy to take care of with a large unfolded paper clip . My problem is that these do n't really do the trick . Unless you pre-water your plant every time , they are useless ... so you ca n't use them to water your plants or trust them when you are gone . 2 weeks ? That 's a joke . Also one might not be enough for the plant , even a small one . A pot with a drain will lose all the water overnight . Pretty but useless unless the weather is cool enough to prevent evaporation .
 I have a 7 ' banana tree in a pot and need two aqua globes . With the globes , I replenish the water about every 3 days . The slender tube is too narrow that dirt is lodged in the shaft . To loosen the dirt before I could refill it with water , I cut a section of wire from a metal hanger . This was alot of work so I switched to a watering spike -LRB- with clay casing -RRB- and use a 25 fl . oz . bottle and that works better . I can go about a week before filling the bottle but the best part is , I do n't have to dislodge dirt ... the clay casing remains in the soil and I just refill the bottle .
 I followed the directions closely but have found that these do not perform as advertised . Soil does get clogged inside the globe but that seems normal and unavoidable given the design . I fill it up with water and it quickly drains out . I filled it again and the same thing happened . So , this product does water plants but not any better than you pouring the water in yourself . But I will give it good marks for its appearance . I think it looks beautiful and at this point that is the only reason I keep it on my plant .
 does n't work for my potted plants , most died from not enough water in 2 weeks . Came back to life when i started to water them myself .
 These Aqua globes have very fragile necks and did notwork for me for any plant I tried them in . Oneneck broke the first time I tried it and I wasvery careful . Once inserted , the remaining AquaGlobe did not work in any plant . The water would notcome down because it would be immediately blockedby the soil.I fail to see how they work for anyone . I regrettrying them for so long because now I can not geta full refund and would have to pay return shipping .
 I have purchased this aqua globes before . Most of the time they are really great at keeping your plants watered , but the openings on these that I ordered on Amazon.com were so tiny that it was almost impossible to fill them with water and once I did manage to get one filled it would not drain into the plant . These were very unlike the ones I purchased in the store . I will not order them online again . I still want two aqua globes but I will wait until I can find them in a store so I can check the opening to make sure they can be properly and easily filled with water .
 Disappointed in the watering of our potted plants . Perhaps they were to large for the product to work , but even the smaller plants were not maintained as the product described . They do look pretty though !
 These look so pretty in the pot but what I find happens is no matter how I tried , dirt and little pebbles would get into the tube and stop the water from leeching into the soil like it was designed to do . Great concept , unfortunately I did n't find that it worked well . Pretty though !
 What can I say . I feel the only redeeming quality of this product is that the motor seems strong and runs quiet . The cable that opens and closes the feed is to flimsy . And last but not least , the media kept getting clogged inside the hopper . Probably would spend a little more money next time and get a better quality product .
 Only 2 of the 7 pods sprouted . When I filed a claim , they sent me a form email stating that I had to call them to confirm that my aerogarden was actually working . The phone number they provided was disconnected and there was no way to reply to the email . Very disappointing .
 I am unsure of the plant quality yet . However ... there are only 3 seed pods in this pack and 4 spacers . The first gal at the company told me to contact Amazon . No , I said this is your product they are simply acting as a middle man . I told her I would like to speak to someone above her . She says her supervisor is `` tied up '' but will call me in a few minutes . 45 mins later I call back only to reach a sarcastic supervisor on the other end . Watch out doing business with this company . Too bad really .
 The herb kit I received with the Aerogarden unit was unimpressive.Most of the seeds failed to germinate.I have had no problems with their cherry tomato kit , which have grown about 2 inchs in only 9 days .
 This is the first kit that I 've had trouble with . I love the herb kits in general . I think I was able to get about 8 - 10 tomatoes TOTAL out of the entire life of these 3 plants . I followed all directions , manually pollinated by shaking hand over bushes daily , etc. . The plants seemed to grow fine but produced very little fruit.I agree with other reviews that say this is not a good choice for the AeroGarden .
 We are at week 16 and still no tomatoes after following instructions to a T. Get the herbs . They last and are easy to maintain .
 My parents have one . On Easter I just had to ask : `` What is that constant clicking noise '' ? Well , it 's the Aerogarden . Over a few days later and reading the manual , trying to clean the -LRB- non-removable -RRB- pump out , but same problem.Also , I know they had it a month at least , but I could n't begin to get enough basil to add to a vegetable dish I was making - woulda taken all off the plant.The tomato plant is taking over and everything else seems shadowed by it.But even if you could cook like crazy off it , I could n't bear the noise .
 not advised to get this seed kit . the peppers grow taller than the aero-garden before setting any fruit.stick with the basic herbs that come with the original garden as they are the only ones that will grow in the limited space .
 This is the first Aerogarden kit that I have not been pleased with . My two Cilantro pods did not sprout at all . I contacted Aerogarden and they said there is a known issue with the Cilantro and they are investigating ways to fix it . I would not recommend purchasing this kit until they work out the problem.The other herbs are growing just fine . The Epazote is growing like crazy - although I 'm not sure what to cook with it .
 I am SO NOT happy about purchsing this item . It is NOT as described . What the description says is `` Italian Basil , Purple Basil , Chives , Dill , Mint , Parsley & Thyme , '' what I got was Genovese Basil , Thyme , Mint , Lemon Basil , Oregano , Dill , Global Basil . I 'm EXTREMELY angry that I did not get what I ordered . If they were going to make a substition , they should have asked . If automatic substitions are their policy , they should state that in the description . If the description is wrong , THEY SHOULD FIX IT . This item has been listed with this description for MONTHS before I purchased it . If I had wanted 3 kinds of basil , I would have purchased the basil mix . I expressly wanted the chives and the parsley . Buyer beware .
 I love the idea of this product but I am definitely doing something wrong . I 've tried 3 seed kits and I have n't had a terrific amount of luck . If all that you 're interested in is basil , you have it made . Not much else seems to grow very well . My chives were a failure as were my purple basil , cilantro , and parsley . I called and complained to the company and they were kind enough to send to me another seed pack . The sweet basil flourished but everything else pretty much floundered.Truth be told , I would recommend growing your own basil , parsley , rosemary , cilantro , and chives during the warmer months . If you 're fortunate enough to live in a large city , you can buy herbs from your grocery store for a relatively low price during the off seasons . I live in Houston and our Central Market sells organic herbs for $ .99 / bunch . I wrap my herbs in paper towels and bag them in plastic bags the day that I purchase them . They last for a few weeks . I definitely get my money 's worth without having to spend a bundle on an Aerogarden . One caveat though , buy basil and use it within 3-4 days . It 's great in salads too !
 Did EVERYTHING according to instructions . Plants grew but flowers -LRB- that lead to tomatoes -RRB- that were supposed to appear by 4 weeks did NOT appear by 4 MONTHS -LRB- when I gave up -RRB- !!
 It took forever for fruit to flower - two of the three plants fruited , grew nice-sized tomatoes , but the weight caused them to topple . Next , the leaves all rotted off but the remaining fruit ripened ... bland , ugh , no taste . The remaining plant finally grew fruit and they ripened red with tons of tape , etc. to support it -LRB- that 's where all the extra work came in - trying to keep the plant upright -RRB- . Taste on these was a little better but far from worth the effort . Back to herbs !!! -LRB- I do love the aerogarden for the herbs ! -RRB-
 Just a warning
 My first batch died after a couple weeks of growing to about 1.5 inches ; the company was very quick in replacing all three plants , however the next batch did the same thing . I do n't know what is wrong with the tomatoes , my herb garden in my other aerogarden is growing so much that I 'm throwing away basil to keep it under control . Also have tried on another set to grow cilantro with no success even after trying to transplant from a very small potted plant , similar failure with trying strawberries . I 'm getting the impression that aerogrow is really good for growing their standard herb package and nothing else .
 I was so pleased with the herbs I grew in my standard Aerogarden I bought a second one so I could grow both herbs and cherry tomatoes . Wrong ! The herbs did fine again , but what they fail to tell you is that the tomatoes require 8 hours of absolute darkness . If you want to have the two gardens in the same room , or even in your living area , forget about the tomatoes . Lovely greenery , no blossoms = no tomatoes . I finally just threw them out . I 'll grow herbs again , and maybe try another kit , but I ca n't recommend the cherry tomato kit .
 This kit saves you the time of making your own , but at three times the cost . Anyone can buy bulk planting sponges or rock wool and make their own for a couple dollars . However , if you do n't care about the price and want to make Aero Garden planting fast , easy , and thoughtless , then this is made for you . The kit is great , just uncomfortably priced for what you get .
 Dont waste your money on on this . Use rock wool instead . I called the company asking what kinds foam is in their kits and they would n't tell me they described it as bio degradable special foam - so I called a couple of foam companies asking questions and experimented a bit . What worked best for me and is drastically cheaper is rock wool instead .
 This package contains some foam seed holders , a few plastic cup sections to hold them , and some clear `` caps '' for the seed pods . Also , there are about a dozen blank circular papers to stick on the seed pods to identify your crop type . That 's it!Re - use the original pod components and stay away from this item . $ 39.00 for $ 2.00 worth of plastic , paper , and foam .
 Do n't bother spending the money . Re-use the pods you already have . I 've picked up Rapid Rooters and Dyna-Gro 7-9-5 plant food from a hydroponics store , and I 've had no problems growing two batches of lettuce and herbs from my own seeds .
 Only two of the seven herbs grew . I was not satisfied with this product .
 Out of the seven seed packets , only four sprouted . I wrote the seller but have not heard back . My friend who has an Aerogarden said she 's never had that many NOT sprout . I 'm disappointed , because the seed kit is not cheap .
 Bought this for my daughter-in-law , who is from Japan . She was excited to be able to grow fresh Japanese herbs indoors . Unfortunately , a couple of the pods never sprouted , and the others that did took such a long time and ultimately ended up dying shortly after coming up . I have purchased other seed kits from Aerogrow and have had great success . This one was a dud . After the fact , I did some research and found that others had marginal success , so not sure if it was something we did , or just a bad batch of seeds . Amazon was great about refunding the full purchase price , and I thought about purchasing another to see if we would have better luck , but decided against it based on the few reviews I read . Maybe others will have better luck .
 My package arrived quickly , but was not packaged well . -LRB- Squished -RRB- The salad greens , which I started 4 weeks ago , began to grow and then whithered and are now dying . This is the 4th kit I have done and I have checked everything on my end . I know I did everything right and I never had a problem with any others . -LRB- 2 bought at stores and 1 bought on line/different vender -RRB- Not sure what the problem is , but I 'm guessing the kit was old . I guess that is my fault for not checking the date and have since thrown the box away . Will be more careful in the future buying kits .
 WELL I ORDERED THIS ITEM AND KINDLY ASKED A CS REP IF THEY COULD SHIP THIS ASAP FOR ME , REASON BEING IS THAT I HAD TROUBLE GETTING THE AERO GARDEN THROUGH CUSTOMS AND IT ARRIVED WITHOUT MY SEED KIT . THE CS TOLD ME IT WOULD GET TO ME JUNE10-25TH , I SAID OK THATS FINE , 2 WEEKS . I JUST RECIEVED AN EMAIL SAYING THAT IT WILL ARRIVE TO ME JUNE25TH.wow I ASKED FOR HELP TO GET IT TO ME QUICKER AND ALL THIS REP DID WAS MAKE SURE I HAD TO WAIT A WHOLE MONTH FOR THIS PRODUCT TO GET TO ME , MY AERO GARDEN WAS HERE IN 2 WEEKS EXACLY WHY WOULD THE SEED KIT TAKE A WHOLE MONTH ??? NOT A HAPPY CUSTOMER , ALSO I WAS NOT GIVEN A TRACKING NUMBER .
 I started my first Aero Garden with great success ; it gave me more herbs than I could keep up with . However , when I ordered this International Basil seed kit , despite following the re-plant instructions to the letter , after about a month , I have just one basil sprout , approximately 3 cm above the label . The package says they 're `` guaranteed to grow '' but says nothing about how to redeem that guarantee if they do n't grow . Now I 've spent over $ 20 on something that did n't even work . What a waste !
 Shipping was fast . Grow tablets were sealed in celephane and , obviously , are giving off moisture as it is collecting in each separate pouch . Doubt they will last the year they are supposed to . Also , I am not `` couch potato as it says in the title .
 Only 1 plant grew and then it died . I have two gardens and greenbeans do n't work.Everything else is a gardeners dream .
 I received the box , which contained -- to my surprise -- three spots with the rest spacers for the tomatoes . At a price of $ 19.95 -LRB- and I 'm not that price sensitive -RRB- , I thought this was seriously over priced . Worse , while two of the plants are well on their way , the third never sprouted . Did some investigation , and there were no seeds in the third . So , I basically paid $ 10 a tomato seed . As much as I love cherry tomatoes , and have loved other aero garden kits very much , I would not recommend this one .
 I purchased the cherry tomato 3 pod seed kit about one year ago . I followed the booklet 's guidelines exactly . There was much leaf growth and occasionally a few flowers , but no tomatoes ever appeared . $ 20 is way too much for zero production ! I 'll stay with herbs from now on . By the way , amazon 's service and speed of delivery were excellent .
 Despite what the package claims , namely that the seed kit contains a mix of Red Leaf , Green Leaf , Butterhead & Romaine , it , in fact , had seven pots of the same seeds , namely Butterhead lettuce . Had I known this was the case I 'd not have bought it , and feel deceived by the packaging .
 The green beans were my third or fourth seed crop from the Aerogarden folks . Had great success with the herbs , and have been trying other crops to gauge my success and interest . Sadly , the green beans I considered a bust . I got one meager handful of beans from this ; no more . I 'm going back to the herbs after this.One thing that is a challenge with the beans - once they flower , you have to be your own `` bee '' to get them pollinated.Bottom Line
 I do n't know if it was just me or what but I CAN NOT get any tomatoes to grow.I 've followed all of the instructions -LRB- of which there are many -RRB- and so far I 've only had flowers bud but then never come to fruition.I 've done the manual pollination , I 've made sure they did n't fall over , I 've even trimmed them but dang it if I ca n't get a tomato . And , these plants are a total water hog . I have to fully fill up my water every 4-5 days due to how immense these plants grow.So , if anyone else has had a good time growing the tomatoes please let me know . I think I 'm going to have to go back to herbs and lettuce .
 I thought what fun . Fresh tomatoes all year round . The tomatoes bushes grew and grew and went past my hood of my garden and drooped over the top . I am loaded with tons of green tomatoes . Unfortunately , the bottom of the stems are slowly dying and I will end up not harvesting any tomatoes.I have 3 aerogardens . I have tried the lettuces -- GREAT . Herbs -- GREAT . Petunia ----- still blooming up a storm . The tomatoes ... I am hoping to salvage two plants by taking them OUT of the ` water ' and planting them in real soil . The Aero Garden works great on the above except the tomatoes.I love my machines . I have given the Aero Garden as Christmas and birthday presents ... -LRB- I should have stock -RRB- but , the tomatoes are a bust . Sorry .
 After having been reasonably successful with the initial herb seeds that came with the garden , I thought tomatoes would be a nice next step.The tomato plants grew quickly and required a lot of trimming and pruning . They also do require support to keep them from falling over.After 5 monthsI saw some yellow tomatoes -LRB- the kit comes with 2 red tomato pod and 1 yellow one -RRB- . I have not harvested them yet , since they still show hues of green . So I can not comment on the taste.The red tomatoes never came to fruition . One of them became sick or certainly looked sick so I pulled it . The idea is nice - unfortunately the execution lacks .
 I love my AeroGarden and was thrilled with the herbs and even happier with the cherry tomatoes . When I discovered the green bean kit , I could n't wait to try it . My five-year old son loves green beans , and I was looking forward to having fresh beans to give to him . When I planted the green beans , they grew rapidly just like the other kits . However , the plants just grew and grew . They became overly bushy and never produced any beans . I waited and waited for the beans to grow and then finally tossed the plants out and replanted tomatoes . This kit was very disappointing , and I am hesitant to try it again .
 We must have gotten old stock . It does have the sponge material instead of peat moss , it did not have the liquid nutrients and the tablets were falling apart , and now after 4-5 weeks , I have one very healthy basil and one very small thyme , and a small mint . So 3 out of 7 actually sprouted/grew . So now I get to call the company and ask for a replacement : -LRB- Update
 I have to say I 'm incredibly disappointed with this seed kit . First , neither cilantro pod even sprouted . I went to the Aerogarden website and got replacement pods , but they do n't offer a replacement for cilantro , so my garden is not likely to be very `` South of the Border '' . In addition , the only two pods that are really growing are the globe basil and epozate . The thyme , parsley and oregano are a pathetic bunch of sprouts that are beginning to turn brown after four weeks . I 'm following the directions and just finished a successful garden , so it 's not like I 'm doing anything wrong . These gardens are supposed to be idiot-proof , at any rate . I would not bother purchasing this seed kit in the future .
 The plants grew huge , flowered , but never produced tomatoes . We shook them like the instructions said , but zero tomatoes . On top of that , over the last few weeks , it has gotten very loud . Sounds like the pump is loosing a bearing or something . We have cleaned it , but still loud . Very disappointed . My wife wants to toss the whole thing in the trash .
 This is the kit I used first with my AeroGarden . It sprouted well and was ready to harvest in 3 weeks . My problem is that there is not enough lettuce for 2 dinner size salads . You are also supposed to only harvest 1/3 of the product , which is enough for a small side salad.It takes about a week from picking to be able to harvest again , and the plants do have long stems . I wo n't be getting this kit again . Hopefully the Herbs will be better .
 The International Basil kit only works in the 7 pod gardens , which is not specified anywhere in the product description . After realizing that the basil was not sprouting , I discovered the reason why - this kit is not compatible with the 6 pod garden - the pods are shorter and do not reach the water ! Very disappointed - my rating is due to the product description .
 This is my fourth AeroGarden kit and I am very disappointed in the quality of the kit . Only 4 of the seed pods have sprouted , leaving 3 not growing . The sprouting plants , 2 types of basil , 1 dill , and 1 mint , are growing very slowly and are very spindlyAeroGarden 0001-00Z Gourmet Herb Seed Kit . We always clean out our Aerogarden before planting a new kit . I bought this in August and I am going do have to remove the plants early , and start in again . I think this is an out-of-date kit . I would not recommend this product .
 Be warned
 Do n't buy the cherry tomato seed kit unless you own the newer , higher aerogarden!I own the `` standard '' Aerogarden . This version has a maximum distance of about two feet from pods to lights . I had previously had a great experience growing the herbs . The tomatoes just needed a lot more headroom that my aerogarden provided . My harvest was a meager eight -LRB- if great-tasting -RRB- cherry tomatoes . I 've noticed that since my experience , Aerogarden has introduced a new version with a four foot headroom . I think the tomato seed kit should be clearly labelled as requiring the four foot version!Also , make certain to read the directions -- you 'll need to pollinate the tomato flowers by hand , which is a straightforward process that is clearly described.I 'm now planting another round of herbs .
 Do n't bother spending the money . Re-use the pods you already have . I 've picked up Rapid Rooters and Dyna-Gro 7-9-5 plant food from a hydroponics store , and I 've had no problems growing two batches of lettuce and herbs from my own seeds .
 Ok , I love the Aerogarden and it worked great with my last batch of herbs . But the tomatos grow very fast and even with tons of trimming , I ca n't seem to keep them away from the lights . But that is not the biggest problem . Since the roots are not attached to anything , the tomato plants fall over in all directions . You can TRY to follow the instructions to tie them up somehow but the reality with the garden is that it is not easy to do so . There is only the one hood support to use . So even using garden ties , velcro , etc , the plants are always flopping around . If Aerogrow is reading this - I have a suggestion for you
 I am working on my second Cherry Tomato seed kit . After about three months , the first crop provided about eight Cherry tomatoes . Hardly a bumper crop . During the growth I had to clean out the pump which got clogged with roots -LRB- more on that latter -RRB- . So I figured , ok , I had to disturb the root system when I had to clean out the pump , so perhaps that was the problem.I started a second crop of Cherry Tomatoes about three months ago . So far , I have had one marble sized yellow tomato . I also have an additional two , marble sized , yellow tomatoes ripening . I have not even seen any flowers on the two red tomato plants . The red tomato plants grow , but no tomato production.I am running out of plant nutrients . I checked AeroGrows site , and they want a ridiculous price for an additional package of plant nutrients . Corporate greed at its worse.I have read all of the reviews , and I see that about one-third of the Cherry tomato reviews are positive . That leaves two-thirds of Cherry Tomato reviews as negative . Adding my negative Cherry Tomato review drops the positive Cherry tomato reviews to 30 % positive , 70 % negative.Given that we are all growing these things under pretty well controlled conditions , I suggest that the Cherry tomato seed kits might have a limited shelf life , and AeroGrow could be selling their old kits.My negative review of AeroGrow 's cherry Tomato seed kit on their site was NOT PUBLISHED . So I published my review on Amazon.With respect to the AeroGrow garden , in my opinion , the location of the pump is flawed . It should not be located at the bottom of the tank because that is where the roots want to go . The pump should be located higher up on the tank , and it should be located in a position where it can be easily maintained , without damaging your crops . I hope someone else comes out with a competitive product . Frankly , I do n't like the way AeroGrow does business .
 The herb kit that came with my Aerogarden was superb and I enjoyed caring for my little garden . Once it was time to replace it , I purchased the cherry tomato seed kit . These also grew rapidly , but one day I noticed that they had completely fallen over ... how would I stake these on an Aerogarden ? And yes , the lights were as close to the plants as possible . I kind of leaned them against each other to keep them upright . But they still fell over several times . So they grew and grew but I never got any tomatoes . :-LRB- I also did follow the directions to ensure that they had complete darkness for proper flowering . Fortunately we have several tomato and cherry tomato plants in our outdoor vegetable garden . Unfortunately , I spent $ 20 on 3 cherry tomato Aerogarden plants and got zero yield .
 I purchased two kits and only one plant grew from each kit . It was a waste of money . The plant is now dying and still not one tomato .
 So far we used 7 pods in the AeroGarden and only two have come up . Honestly those two are doing really well , but the rest are DOA !!!
 As much as I like the AeroGarden , I have to say I did not have any success with eh Tomato kit.Herbs seem to work great , but when it requires pollination -LRB- shaking the plant as per the instructions -RRB- , it does not work . I had tried the snow peas and they did not grow either.I am going to go back to herb kit -LRB- s -RRB- , Sean B. Hallidaywww.tricitiesguide.com
 Product did not deliver what was advertized . Out of 7 pods only 3 grew and I am disappointed .
 The item is NOT the birdhouse , as listed on amazon , just the base.I thought I got a really good price , and ordered from two different sellers , but I was disappointed both times .
 i ordered the big kahuna , but recieved a stainless steel basket instead . now i am waiting for a reply from amazon . hope they can straigthen this out so i can write a real review .
 I wish they had mentioned that a propane tank was needed , and how many are needed . I am completely and utterly new at this , and purchased it without knowing that it needed a propane tank . Upon receiving it , I had to go search for a tank and found that even THAT information was wrong - as a new tank will run you more , but no one gives information for newbies , just for seasoned users . So I 'm saddled with this fryer and a tank and hoping that it will fry the one turkey I want it to . More info for those of us who are brand spanking new at this , please .
 All turkey frying machines are dangerous . Use this product , if so inclined , but be careful .
 The swing was cute ... And that 's almost all the good I can say about it .1 -RRB- I am pretty capable with a wrench , and very mechanical , however the awing was difficult for me to put together as thee are subtle angles to the cuts in the legs that make it hard to put together . The directions were of very little help .2 -RRB- there were gouges and gashes in almost all of the wood .3 -RRB- the finish on the wood will not protect it for long in any outdoor conditions .4 -RRB- the skrew holes for the bolts did not line up and I would have had to drill my own holes to get the swing together .5 -RRB- when the swing was together it creaked and groaned under the weight of one small 130 pound adult .6 -RRB- when softly swinging , the boron of the bench would hit the back/bottom support beam .7 -RRB- I did end up getting a full refund , but not until I emailed back and forth with the supplier , and contacted amazon ... Sent them pictures of how it is disfunctional , dismantles it and took it to the post office only to find that if i mailed it back and ate the cost of shipping that it would cost almost $ 100 to mail ... They finally refunded me and said they would pay for the return postage but overall it has been a huge pain ...
 I bought this as a Christmas present last month for my grandparents only to be sadly disappointed in the quality of it . This product is n't sturdy enough to hold one person , let alone two . As soon as my husband started to assemble the product , the boards started cracking , and one board even had a crack from end to end . Not to mention , when he put it together , it looked like a swing for two kids , not two adults . Please review the measurements on this swing before purchasing it because the picture is misleading . It is less than 6 ft tall and could n't hold two grown adults . This is definitely a swing that is for decoration and not use.I contacted this company to let them know I wanted to return the product because of the problems with the boards . This company requested pictures of the damages before anything would be done about it . I sent the pictures , and the company only offered to send replacement items . I refused and stated that I wish to return the entire product . The company sent their address and told me to send it back to that address . I stated that unless I am provided a return label , I will be contacting Amazon because I refuse to pay return shipping on a crappy product . The company replied that per their return policy , they do not pay for return shipping . It took filing a claim with Amazon to have my original shipping charges refunded to me -LRB- $ 25 compared to the $ 85 I spent shipping the item back -RRB- . Needless to say , this has been a terrible experience with this company , and I refuse to ever buy another one of their terrible products ever again .
 The spreader is advertised as having a 100 pound capacity , actually 60 pound of lime or fertilizer will fill it up . THe unit has an exposed gear and sprocket and will hang up and drop piles of product at the same time KILLING your lawn . I used it one hour and took it back apart and shipped it back to Dixie Sales , a/k/a the Outdoor Store in Brown Summit , NC after finally finding a phone number for them in the small print . When I called I was told their return policy would only refund a portion of the sale price even though IT DID NOT WORK!I tried to call Agri - Fab Co. the manufacturer , but they would not return my call.After 3 weeks I am now told that they will refund purchase price but have not seen it applied to my credit card yet . I still lost over 30.00 in shipping in this mess and will never order from this supplier again ...
 This spreader looks good and I thought it would work great for my purposes , but boy was I wrong . The first time I used it the shaft sprocket broke off ! Upon inspection I noticed that the gears , shafts and sprockets are way undersized and not at all durable . Do n't buy this one . If you do , you will regret it . And , one more note , the customer service is horrible .
 The gear/sprocket mechanism on this cheaply built machine is far too light and the tolerances are so loose that it constantly jams , especially when fully loaded , if anything the hopper is actually too big for the undercarriage . Mine never worked well and finally locked up for good after less than 50 bags of fertilizer had been run through it . I would never buy one of these again , I wouldnt even take one if it was given to me .
 Less than three months after purchasing this , it broke . The mesh skimmer part separated from the ring holding it . Very flimsy . Too late to return it . Makes it very expensive for less than 90 days of skimming .
 I like the idea of this cultivator , but as someone who is having problems with wrist , finger arthritis issues , I found this item to be to heavy to use easily . I 'm also not to sure how the ergonomic part plays in , but since it 's kind of hard for me to use and feels awkward , it probably wo n't see much use for me .
 The revolution burner broke during assembly very easily . I thought this product was made for the outdoors . I e-mailed the company and asked for a replacement before thanksgiving and they told me that would not be possible but they will send me a replacement . I had to purchase another burner assembly for thanksgiving and still have not recieved a replacement part 45 days later . I will not purchase anything from this company again !!
 package arrived intact however the packaging is n't durable for shipping this type of item . Lid was dented as well as bottom of pot , most likely due to shipping . stand and assembly of pot went well . The biggest problem I had was the burner would not light after several attempts . i read and re-read the instructions but could not get gas to light . this unit arrived with a timer off the regulator so i removed it to see if this was the lighting issue . It lit on first try - however the regulator valve does not work so must use the propane LP valve to turn on and off instead . 4th of july weekend and the office is closed to today - july 3rd - so no one can help not even the website . I hope to use this item tonight to cook clams but have my doubts . wish me luck as I will call Eastman 1st thing Monday to get repair or refund of unit or regulator hose .
 Package arrived in horrible condition , all tore up . Refused shipment .
 I own both the Flowtron BK80D and this `` Galaxie '' model . The reason I bought this unit was to avoid creating more noise -LRB- BK80D makes zapping noise -RRB- . It does succeed in trapping small flying insects , just not enough . I see the `` swarm '' of insects around it , so the blacklight and octenol must be effective at drawing them in . I suspect the failure is the fan is n't strong enough to suck them in -LRB- evidence is little moths able to fly in/out and around it without getting trapped -RRB- . I am ecstatic with the Flowtron BK80D - its a lean mean killing machine in comparison -LRB- piles and piles of insects fall to the ground -RRB- . This unit barely got a handful after 2 months of continuous operation -LRB- and diligent octenol replacement -RRB- . Sorry Flowtron , but this one is a miss!Pros : Quiet operationEasy to cleanCons : Not very effective at sucking insects in
 We were eaten alive by mosquitoes while in the same room the lamp was on . Have been using it for a month now and didnt catch a single mosquito . Total waste of money .
 This unit captured hundreds or thousands of gnats , which I do not think the `` zappers '' do . But , when I emptied the trap and then tried to reinstall the trap , the steel rod onto which the thumb screw fastens broke the plastic into which it was attached by a screw . Must return and decide if I want a refund or replacement . I think the problem is a design flaw . Too bad , because the gnats were really being reduced .
 unfortunately no longer available ... an excellant wok ... I have used this one for years but in an attempt to gift some one with it , found it was no longer made ... too bad ... it is an excellant large size
 We used it once and the metal was so thin that it burned right through the bottom . Just a small needle sized hole , but never-the-less , it leaked all over our brand new patio . Had to buy a pressure washer to remove the damage . Pass on this one .
 You 've tried to compensate for the housing having a cone nozzle by putting a coned piston on the stuffer -LRB- so there is less meat left in the stuffer when done -RRB- . The effect of the coned piston is that it exerts a sideways force on the meat and the result is that the meat is extruded out past the piston due to the large clearamce between the piston and the housing . I 've replaced the piston cone with a flat design and have a lot less meat squeezing past the piston.Also , I have broken the medium size stuffing tube and ca n't find a replacement . Most other manufacturers offer replacement and the option to purchase stainless steel tubes . Are you planning to offer such replacements ?
 If there would have been a choice of no stars I would have chosen that.The press looks good in pictures , but the practical design is not good.The nozzles do not fit properly , they do not attach to the press in a secure manner . The press ram does not fit into the meat cylinder tightly enough.Therefore , the press meat -LRB- s -RRB- squeeze out improperly through unintended gaps , making a big mess.The unit will also need to be mounted to a board , or a table/counter top to allow the proper leverage to push the ram through .
 I was using it for venision and the meat would not go through the funnels . It just squeezed out of the sides where the funnels attached to the grinder , or backed up into the feeder , not matter how fine it was ground . In addition , This stuffer had no small funnels for the link-size sausage . Also , it was nearly impossible to get them due to the size requirements.Do yourself a favor and do n't consider this at all .
 i received this item and the date on the jar of sauce expiredalready ... as you can guess i am not pleased that i ruined an batch of wings
 Do n't buy this grinder ! Tried to grind up the meat from one deer , took all afternoon to grind up half of it . Finally gave up and froze the remainder of the meat and will get an electric grinder later to finish the job . Tried everything that I could think of to make this thing work , sharpened the blade , tried the meat frozen , halfway thawed , thawed completely , small chunks , large chunks and nothing seemed to work . I guess that the only reason that I gave it a one star rating is because there is no zero rating.Eastman Outdoors # 32 Meat GrinderOh well I can use it next summer , Anchors Away !
 It worked great for the first couple pounds . I cleaned the grinding plate because it seemed to not be working well then I had a lot of trouble getting it screwed back on . ground a couple more pounds plugged again . Even more trouble screwing on the cap , finely got it on and started grinding and it popped right off .
 I was attempting to filter the 3 gallons from my turkey fryer . The filters flowed for about a minute then slowed down to a trickle . This is fine for coffee but is terrible if you are trying to filter 3 gallons from a turkey fryer . I was using the Eastman Outdoors Oil Funnel . I went through 3 filters and finally gave up . It would have taken hours at the rate the oil was flowing thru . Going to switch over to cheesecloth and try the funnel again .
 If you like to save time and money , forget about this terrible grinder . It just does n't work !! I spend 30 mins and just get 10 oz grinded meat because meat does n't come out . They all stucked in the machine . Something must be wrong with blades . However , they are new . Initially , I thought I did n't know how to use it correctly , however , after a try by an expert , he also gave up and suggested me throw it away .
 This meat grinder is worthless , it would take at least an hour to grind a pound of meat . To get it to work at all the meat first has to be cut into such small peaces that it is pointless . + it got all rusty after one wash . it is trash ! find another type is my suggestion . I guess you get what you pay for .
 We were looking for a larger meat grinder to replace our small one . We were very disappointed in this product -- worked very poorly right out of the box ; very slow and all around a badly made grinder . Our little one is much more efficient . Look elsewhere .
 This was not an electric meat grinder like we were looking for . I was disappointed , I would not have ordered it if I knew it was a hand crank type .
 Cheap and flimsy , legs already broken when I recieved package . Waited too long to open the box and find it broken , could n't return it .
 Made from 14in . hardware cloth and are definitely NOT non-stick . Use vegetable oil spray . Probably will work for drying other items but I would n't recommend them for hamburger strip jerky .
 I thought it was just bad luck ... I 've purchased two of these little jewels , both arived in a timely manner , but neither of them worked!Both seemed to have on/off switch issues . One switch would `` not '' move into position at all , the other would , however , no action.I purchased new batteries thinking that was the problem , still no action . Both have been returned and a refund requested.I would `` never '' suggest this product until they have addressed the above issues .
 At least other bad products do the job they are designed to do poorly . This one did n't even do the job it was designed to do . It would not pump the oil up to the outlet point . It is going back .
 Great idea ! A much needed appliance . Too bad they ca n't make it work . The pump is just too weak to pull the oil through the filters . Works for a few minutes , until the batteries start to get weak . We returned ours the next day after use . The construction is very cheap as well . Not a durable product - more like a toy . I think this was marketed as a gift , but not really useful .
 Pump died the first time I used it . Received replacement pump , it died before I completed pumping 1 gallon of peanut oil . This pump is not worth the money , very poor quality . Eastman should be ashamed to sell such low quality junk . I will never buy a product again with their name on it .
 I was excited to try this thing ... despite some of the reviews ... anyway ... I had 4 gallons of oil to drain ... the first 3 went perfectly ... then , NADA!I took the unit apart . . everything seemed in perfect working order ... put it back together ... switch works , motor works , shaft turns , impeller spins ... but No Suckage!For once ... not sucking is a bad thing !
 What a joke , not worth the money . I put it in the container to pull out the oil and it dies half way through . Swapped batteries , pulled it out , washed it and looked at all the parts . It was either used and resold to me by amazon , or it was defective from the start . And since they have a 30 day return policy , I am now stuck with it , I will see what eastman says next . VERY disappointing , I will go back to the old way of just pouring it into a funnel with a coffee filter in it .
 I 've had this pump for about three years now . It 's a great convenience for transferring your oil back to its storage container . Only problem is , it 's of poor quality . On the sixth time using it , it quit . I do n't know if there is another one out there , but I would n't buy this one again . Perhaps the electric model is more reliable .
 The toggle switch to turn the pump on and off is cheap . Just setting it down on teh counter caused the switch to pop off , allowing a small metal contact to fall off . This is the second unit on which this has happened . The first time , I attributed it to possibly rough handling . But the second time taught me the lesson . It is handy , but extremely fragile.Jim
 This is one of the worst things I have bought from Eastman . First off , it will not work with the switch/battery cap screwed all the way in . After I figured that out , I stuck it in my oil -LRB- which was about 80 degrees , well below what it says the hottest temp it can handle is -RRB- , and within 30 seconds of pumping , the outlet hose collapsed on itself , and the inlet hose bent and warped so much that the end would not stay attached , basically rendering the thing useless . Its now in about 15 pieces on my garage floor . Completely worthless , I 'll never buy stuff from Eastman again .
 I returned this product almost as soon as I recieved it . It did not work the first time we tried it . I read many multiple reviews before purchasing and obviously should have paid closer attention to everyone 's dissapointment . In conclusion , a piece of junk .
 This food injector comes with a stainless steel needle piece with 12 holes , and I thought that was very good . Then I looked at the syringe portion , and it was plastic . I tried to `` screw '' in the stainless steel needle onto the syringe tip , but it would n't stay in place . So I looked closer and realized why : The plastic syringe tip has threads in it , implying something needs to be `` screwed '' into it . But the base of the stainless steel needle did NOT have complementary threads , but rather , just a smooth cylindrical surface . How the heck are the two supposed to stay together ?? Since I could n't screw in the needle into the syringe , I tried simply pushing straight in the needle base into the plastic syringe , but that 's not going to hold the needle firmly.This food injector must 've been designed by a moron . I also do not understand why there were 2 5-star reviews for this product -LRB- which played a role in my purchasing it -RRB- . Either they were talking about a different product , or they are simply bogus reviews .
 Must be a trick to using it . . have had this for a while and still ca n't figure out how to use it properly or if it is really useful . Pump to get compression then the dust starts coming out of the threaded area of the dispensor . Even when it is fully tighten.Ok , now its supposed to come out of the little flex nozzle , maybe it might 1x -LRB- all at once !! -RRB- then not again . Seems like there should be a trick to usig it so it streams continuaous for a little while at least , so you can spray litlely he entire bush . I tried to use it as a pressure tube then wait for the dust to come out . . no such luck . And what if the bushes are higher then 4 feet . . forget it , gravity is against you nothin at all . . Oh by the way no directions on the cardboard enclosure . . would help if there was
 The thinner tube on this is kind of big and when you pump it , a lot comes out . I would like to see someone make one that really just sort of mists the powder . This kind of blows it out in a larger volume than you need . You can waste a lot of product with it . Also , sometimes with vigorous pumping , the back of the large tube pops off . It goes back , but it can be a hassle . It 's OK , but kind of cheaply made for the price . I would pay maybe 10 bucks for it , but I paid too much for something that is not worth it by quality and does n't work as one of these should be made to work .
 This plant duster does not work ! And , yes , there are NO instructions . Save your money and make your own shaker bottle from a jar with small nail holes punched into the lid .
 I am sure with enough time one could develop the appropriate touch to get an even spray with this product . I simply do not wish to take that time and will use other products .
 Does n't apply powder the way that powder should be applied . First pump gets you a small air-cloud puff of powder , next few pumps - nothing , next pump - a large clump of powder lands on the ground ; then it repeats the cycle .
 I agree with the others who gave this one star , and it only gets one star because you ca n't give it no stars !! There are no instrustions , so I 'm not even sure if I was using it right . I was trying to use it with Sevin dust . Worked once or twice really great but most of the time nothing would come out.There 's got to be something better out there !! Save your money on this one !!
 Tryed to spray sevin dust bottom blew off twice in 5 min . of use trashed it within 15 mins . of receiving unit . JUNK
 This is nicely built , well designed unit but it did n't actually work for me . It lured and killed a few small moths and such but the flies completely ignored it.I ca n't recommend this , especially for the price . Flypaper is much cheaper .
 The tank itself was nice but heavy . Only problem is it came with no hose . You get just as pictured . The description states you will get a nice threaded hose . I ordered a replacement and it too came w/out a wand/hose . Sent both back very unhappy .
 I purchasced the Dual Spray nozzles for all my Rain Bird sprinklers . The Dual Spray seem to spray every where but where you want as they clog very easily . I am always out in the yard trying to fix the spray pattern and end up giving up and replacing the whole nozzle . The bottom nozzle is directed lower than expected leaving a large puddle closer to the sprinkler . The Dual Nozzle sprinkler heads are also more difficult to adjust and do not spray as far as the single spray heads . Some lower nozzles just spray down rather than out . I recommend staying with the single spray sprinklers .
 I 've purchased ornamental grass before and generally it comes in a clump -LRB- much like any potted plant would look -RRB- . When my Japanese Blood Grass arrived , to my surprise I was sent a pot with ONE INDIVIDUAL BLADE OF GRASS IN IT !!!!!!! What a waste of my money !! What a scam !
 I purchasced the Dual Spray nozzles for all my Rain Bird sprinklers . The Dual Spray seem to spray every where but where you want as they clog very easily . I am always out in the yard trying to fix the spray pattern and end up giving up and replacing the whole nozzle . The bottom nozzle is directed lower than expected leaving a large puddle closer to the sprinkler . The Dual Nozzle sprinkler heads are also more difficult to adjust and do not spray as far as the single spray heads . Some lower nozzles just spray down rather than out . I recommend staying with the single spray sprinklers .
 I ordered 3 of these , one after the other , and all came with significant chips and scratches to either the bowl or the lid . I finally called Weber and they replaced the damaged parts directly . If buying this product I would buy it in a store , not on line .
 Update
 Amazon.com usually ships this within 24 hours ? It 's been over a week , the item is still supposedly in stock , and it still has n't shipped . It 's a great product , but buy it elsewhere .
 All I can say is what a disaster . The tree , -LRB- shown in a little plastic pot -RRB- , was shipped in a priority mail box via the post office , and was in a bag not a plastic container . The box was badly damaged , thus the tree was as well . It was also bone dry , and starving for water . To make matters worse , I shipped this as part of a Christmas present to my daughters godmother . I contacted the seller about the quality of this product and was told that if it was damaged , I should take it up with the post office for a refund . All I had really wanted was a replacement tree . I was also informed that Amazon was not really an important market to the seller so he was n't worried about negitave feedback . I was so floored at his indifference to the fact that he had killed a tree that I discontinued contact with him . I called a local nursery in my friends area and had a beautiful baby tree delivered to her as a replacement.All in all , I have never been so disgusted with any product I have bought before , let alone the terrible customer service I was provided with .
 Surprise ! It is only 4 inches high . I was disappointed , thought it would have been much bigger .
 I paid good money for this item and have been very disapointed.The trigger did not last past the first day before coming apart.I fixed it myself with a cotter key instead of the cheap rivet.The black finish is coming off of the inside of the lid and starting to rust.The handle will not lock in place so you can carry it anymore.The same lock will not catch anymore to loosen the lid for removal or tightning.The hose keeps coming loose at the tank and will not draw right because of the little ferrilthat needs to stay in place.Very disapointed for a sprayer only 9 months old . Do not purchase if you intend on using it much .
 I just received this sprayer which I planned to use with some concrete remover & wanted the foaming action . When I opened the box I noticed a clear plastic ring jammed loosely around the pump shaft ... in fact when I pulled up on the handle it popped out . Closer inspection revealed it was a cheap molded part that was split in half & severely twisted out of shape , so assuming it was simply a packaging piece I tossed it . A few minutes later after futilely searching for the pump cylinder cap that prevents the pump shaft/piston from pulling out of the cylinder on the upstroke I realized that piece WAS the cap!I really ca n't even rate this one star since I was unable to use the sprayer , but I did notice in the instructions some of the actual parts did not match the illustrations - and it was n't because they had been improved ! Someone has been practicing `` value engineering '' on this product & the only value was for the manufacturer ... Needless to say I returned this item & opted to look for a more robust version .
 bought this foamer thought it would b agreat item at my carwash instead all I got was 75 dollar sprayer when I can buy them all day at wally world or ace or on + on + on + on their instructions where incomplete
 Foaming feature does not work when configured & used according to instructions . If you 're looking for a small-scale foam dispenser , as I was , this is not the gadget for you .
 Length :
 I read all the glowing reviews and was eager to receive this item . Apparently what I received is not what the others reviewed . This pole is a typical example of faulty engineering and poor quality that has been my common experience with items from China . I installed it two days ago . Yesterday we received a fairly brief rain shower . This morning when I examined the pole there are signs of rust on the chintzy `` support '' brackets that actually provide very little support . If the items that are hung on the crossarms are not exactly the same weight on each end then the crossarms will tilt toward the heavier side . The poorly designed and rust attracting support brackets are unable to prevent tilting , which detracts from the appearance . This is obliquely referred to in the assembly instructions . What is puzzling is that it would be a minor matter to provide support brackets that actually provide support.The pole arrived with two of the baffle springs unattached . The third spring arrived damaged . I removed the four screws -LRB- instructions say there are three -RRB- and removed the baffle cover . If you have an emaciated arm you can reach inside the small end of the baffle and attach the springs . If you have an arm of normal thickness it will need to be extra long in order to insert into the larger end of the baffle and reach all the way down to the bottom to reattach the springs . Fingers strong enough to crack walnuts would be advantageous for this procedure.The main pole is in three sections . An auger is inserted in the bottom section and screwed into the ground . I used a post level to insure that the post would be level to enhance its attractiveness . The next section is the one with the baffle and cheapo springs . The top section holds the crossarms . The sections fit together easily but the top section was out of alignment with the two lower sections . I was unsuccessful in attempts to align it properly . The result is that the top section , ostensibly the showcase section , has a pole out of alignment and tilted crossarms.Based on my experience I would not recommend this pole . I have noticed that there are what appear to be identical looking poles with different product names . Perhaps they would be a better choice . I considered returning this pole but after the arduous experience of augering through Georgia red clay and the reattachment of the springs to a mind bogglingly poorly engineered baffle I decided to bite the bullet and live with this unattractive addition to my landscape . Also , the birds do not seem to mind the ugliness and they chow down without comment .
 Deer pulled on feeders until the pole bent at the weakest point . Only use if you can remove the feeders at night . $ 130 in the trash . Not worth it .
 How can I rate it ? I am missing 14 pieces of hardware for it ! Emailed the company two days ago ; no response . Called the customer care number on the instruction page AND website . The two times someone answered over a period of three days and probably ten tries , she said it was not the number and she was n't with JAKA Holdings , Inc. . Funny , I double checked my phone log against the printout and they matched.HELP ! I do n't want to return the SquirrelStopper , I just want to be able to put it together and up !
 I just received this item , did not buy it from Amazon , wish I had though . First it did n't come with all the hardware . After contacting the company they sent the missing hardware . The one I purchased was `` supposed '' to be an eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- feeder hanging system . The four inside hangers are so close to the pole , that nothing will hang from it . I have 3 Brome feeders , which I did purchase from Amazon , and would highly recommend , that are not wide at all , but none of them can hang from the inner hangers.It is very difficult to get into the ground to the level that they require , around 24 inches in the ground . You are supposed to use one of the hanging poles to twist the auger , badly designed , into the ground . We had to put so much force on it that it bent . Finally got out the old post hole digger and a drill . Between it all it is now in the ground.Now in order to fill my feeders I have to get a ladder to get them down.I do n't think I would recommend this item , because of the cost and difficulty in setting it up . I would recommend getting the Brome feeders . The squirrels have simply given up trying to get into them .
 This item installed easily and kept squirrels from a ground assault . Squirrels did launch successful aerial assaults from trees ten feet away . Proper positioning is essential . The primary problem is the rust . The pole collapsed as my wife was maintaining the feeder hanging from one side . She narrowly missed being hit by the pole as it fell ; it could have caused considerable injury . We purchased and installed it 19 months ago ; it was rusted at every connection , paint peeling . It dismantled easily as it crumbled apart - I 'm glad I had a tetanus booster recently . Do not buy this , someone is going to get hurt .
 I wish I had read all the review BEFORE I ordered this . Evidntally it is great if you place it 10 feet from your house and your yard is a wasteland devoid of trees . The areas 10 feet from my window are wooded . I already have squirrel-proof feeders that the racoons defeat by climbing up the pole and scoooping out the seed without putting any wieght on the tension bar . Maybe what it needs is a spike on top to prevent jumping from trees.For $ 125 I 'd expect all the holes for be properly drilled , so that one could insert all the screws also .
 This is just a big bug sprayer ! It will not foam ! If you want a big bug sprayer buy this .
 Though we have MANY hummingbirds in our yard we have repeatedly watched them take a look at this feeder then fly away without eating . We have moved it to new spots hoping that was the problem , but nothing .
 I read so many reviews and opted for this one , rated highly among other Amazonians . However , my little hummers did not share these opinions , and have snubbed this new feeder in favor of their older feeder . Having three voracious hummers dueling over this lone feeder , I had hoped this new one , with it 's many stations , would make everyone happy . But alas , the squawking of these tiny birds was enough to make me drive -LRB- in the car !!! -RRB- to the hardware store in search of a viable replacement . After summing up the many designs displayed on the shelves , I finally picked one , hoping my feathered friends would like it enough to feed upon it . Lo and behold , after moving it around the yard a bit , I seemed to have struck the perfect combination of the old feeder , and the newer one . Finally , everyone is happy and there is much less squawking , but now I have this extra feeder ...
 This feeder is a cheaply made -LRB- but not cheap ! -RRB- knock-off of the Aspects Hummzinger , a much more durable feeder without the yellow parts that can attract attract bees . After problems with Perky Pet feeders , I now use only all-red feeders and find that it does n't take new birds more than a few seconds to learn where the holes are -LRB- hummingbirds are a lot smarter than you think -RRB- . For the same money or less you can get a feeder that 's more durable , even easier to clean , less likely to attract bees , and made by a company that does n't crank out cheap knock-offs or exploit you and the birds by marketing chemical-laced `` instant nectar . ''
 Wow ! This particular hummingbird feeder is just amazing , awesome , great for the price ! I had to let others know.First , the ant feeder `` built in '' ... well , get ready folks if you live in a `` busy ant '' community , there are going to be a `` few '' , and just a few make their way in to the inside liquid . Ants simply build a bridge right over the little built in ant guard which sits in the middle . Yeppers , you put water in it but hey , those ants do n't mind as it is not `` big '' enough to discourage them . I have to wonder whoever designed this product if he or she lives in a `` busy ant '' neighborhood . Hopefully , the manufacturer will make this a little wider on any future updates ! However , please again note that not many manage . Yet , whew ... they really do swarm the bottom outside of this thing , and get on the top by the yellow feeders . The hummers do n't seem to mind those around the little yellow flowers . Please redesign or make this mote wider : -RRB- Even with that , I still give this feeder a high five . The hummingbirds love it , if I can manage to keep the `` bully one '' away , and it looks very nice in the yard ! Also , very easy to put together and simply hang . Some complain that the top is not easy to pull off , and yes , I will agree with that ... perhaps a `` screw on type top '' would have been best , as you will have to errrr pull and twist a little to get it off . So , be sure and pour the liquid out the flowers before popping open ! As for as placing back on after you put liquid in ... not as hard.Anyway , my hummingbirds inspected closely and said for me to give it a high five , so I did ! And , proof in the pudding , I just bought another today , and plan on another shortly.Have a great hummingbird `` feeder '' season all!UPDATE ! OUTRAGEOUS . PLEASE IGNORE ALL THE ABOVE ON the busy ant neighborhood , and just a FEW getting in ... good grief ! After only a week of using both of these feeders I bought , they are full and I mean FULL of ants on the inside , and bees which look like a mixture of honey bees , and hornets . TERRIBLE ! I will never buy another of these no matter how pretty they might be . You should see this filthy mess I have to clean up , and I do mean on the inside of the container . The so call ant mote is nothing ... nada ... not working ! Guess I wrote my original view too quickly , but you learn with use ! After emptying this thing , I found they are huge red ants , not the little ones ! I thought they were honey bees , but they are those large red ants ... gross !
 I had high hopes for this design , ants , air pressure not forcing out liquid and nice looking . But ... the feeder liquid and design of the tray cause the whole thing to tilt and spill solution . When tilted the birds can get food only from the lower side of the tray.The only way to solve this is with a large weight hanging down from the center like a long candle stuck in the bottom . That puts the center of gravity lower and pulls it back to a horizontal position . Thus two stars because you can fix it but only two stars as it should n't work this way !
 I ordered two of these as gifts and each had a single broken perch . The boxes were in excellent shape . The broken perches were in the same position in relation to the logo printed on top , which leads me to believe there is a quality issue at the manufacturer.The perches seem very flimsy anyway , even for a hummer . The rest of the assembly is OK . I 'm going to return them both and find a traditional glass upright feeder locally .
 feeder will not stay level , the bottom of the flat so it is like trying to carry water in a pizza pan . I have had the wind blow it off of the hook twice -LRB- in one week -RRB- , the last time it broke hangar rod threads out of the plastic part . I now have it mounted on a pole and it works well . I wish I would have not wasted my money feeder . If you get it for under $ 3 including S&H and pole mount it , it may be worth it , not for me .
 My hummingbirds have not returned to my yard since I put up this new feeder . I had birds with another feeder that gave out , but they have now gone to the flowers in my neighbor 's yard instead . Maybe their beaks are not long enough to reach the liquid .
 Filling this product is awkward . Hummingbirds do not like it . Very poor design . because of its spaceship design with no baffles it will lean to one side because it is very difficult to have it level . I would suggest not purchasing this product .
 It wo n't hang anywhere near level , so , 1 star.I like the idea though , my hummers like to hide behind the bottle on the bottle types , so I 'd rather fix it than return it.If anyone knows how to get it to hang level , full or half empty , would you please post a comment ? Thanks .
 I just bought this feeder yesterday . I washed it , put some sugar water in it and hung it up outside . I noticed right away that all of the liquid went to one side making the feeder tilt . I tried to straighten it but it just falls back to one side . I 'll keep it and mount it on a pole like one reviewer mentioned .
 Although it looks as though it would be a better type of feeder - easier to clean - it is actually not a good design in use.It will move according to whatever disturbs it , and that causes the liquid to shift to one side or another , leaking out and falling to the deck or the yard , attracting bees and ants.We used it once - but only for 5 minutes .
 A wrong filter was sent and I everytime I try to contact the company it sends me to a voice mail and I never got a call back .
 quality seemed pretty good when first tested although pump seemed flimsy . I used the sprayer about 5 times and during the next use the tank wouldnt hold air because the pressure release valve broke . Air was escaping with only 2 pumps through the valve which is only supposed to release air when twisted clockwise or when pulled up . When inspecting the tank I saw a small washer at the bottom of the tank which I am sure was part of the valve and cause of the problem . I only used water with this no harsh chemicals or anything . I am sending back and getting a full refund . Going with another sprayer that is American made .
 I have n't used it yet -- the 120 '' hose was not included
 See the pattern here ? Did n't come with hose ! What am I supposed to do with this now ?
 Amazon needs to change the copy for this product . It does NOT come with the hose ! Now I need to find a hose that will fit the sprayer . You ca n't use the foamer in a drain because it does not spray on its side and you ca n't stand it up and have the foam actually go into the drain . The product itself works just fine-it is that it is almost worthless without a hose !
 The item was shipped promptly and was what was ordered . The filter has been in for 3 or 4 weeks and seems to working just fine . The savings from buying on line vs. local retail store amounted to about $ 70.00 . Well worth the effort of going online to place my order .
 Received an off brand filter cartridge , Aqua Kleen AK-8004 . While it was the same size and fit , it was immedately apparent it was lighter duty and not as well made as the Unicell filter it was replacing and what was advertised .
 Unfortunately I did not look at the picture when I ordered . Look at the pleating in this picture , obvious that it 's a flimsy piece of junk . I have been buying cartridge filters for 15 years and this is the worst I 've ever used , It is not doing the job
 The stakes are fine . if your mashing up the top then us a block in between the stake and mallet/hammer . The problem that i have is there are to many possible points of failure and it is just plain ugly . The wooden stakes are cool and `` green '' looking , but they are all the way into the ground so you do n't see them . The ugly black rope is connected to the stake via a small metal pin that slides into the back of the stake at a 45 degree angle back toward the tree . This idea is good in theory , but with a little slack as the instructions want , any pressure other than straight toward the tree pulls the pin out with ease -LRB- to much ease -RRB- . They should have had it push in and then a quarter turn to lock or something . My main gripe is the way it connects to the tree . They provide about 3 feet of ugly black wrap -LRB- looks like bandage wrap -RRB- . Your supposed to wrap it around twice then start wrapping it through the three loops you have tied in the end of the rope . Then magically at the end just `` tuck it in '' . C'mon , just `` tuck it in '' does n't work worth a crap . What your left with is 4 points of possible failure
 the watering can is uneasy to handle to say the least . not balanced.i did not like -- gave it away . -- dont waste your time ordering -- sorry .
 Thanks God I got this free with my Aerogarden PRO 200 . It is ok if free . But it is not worth even $ 10.00 . It is the same you see on the aerogarden 30 min infomercial . The cutting mats are paper thin , the dvd runs each herb separate and only tells you the same that is on the herb guide included with every herb kit but a shorter version . A complete waste of money .
 The price on these is STUPID ... . it is only styrofoam . If you want to make your own , take a whole section of newspaper roll it and staple . Works for a year , fill with leaves , and throw it out in the Spring !!!!
 I bought this swisher mower to mow 1.75 acres . The mower worked fine for my use but the wheel bearing on the rear tire failed after one use . I used the mower for a total of 1.5 hours . Called customer service and they said bearings are a wear item and not cover under warranty despite the fact that it was only used for 1.5 hours . Instead of saying I 'm sorry you experienced problems with our product and that I must have gotten a defective bearing and they would send out some new parts , I had to send photos for them to look at -LRB- apparently my work is not good enough -RRB- . After I sent photos it was like they did n't believe what they seen . I had to go round and round , send pictures , and more pictures , wait on hold for 10 minutes each of the four times I called . This company definitely does not stand by their product . To think bearing failure after 1.5 hours is normal wear is completely ridiculous .
 This mower is junk ! Deck , engine , side discharge , all junk ! Save your $ 2,000 . You have to clean the deck after every mowing or deck fills up and burns up blades . bumped a sandstone at slow speed and ripped rite side roller tire clear off of the deck . choke is at the top of the throttle control , go just barely too far , and flooded engine . have been at it for 6 + hours today -LRB- replaced belt , cleaned deck , changed blades , charged battery 3 times -RRB- and have got 15 mins mowing done . Prime example of poor engineering or no engineering . DO NOT BUY THIS MOWER !
 My father owns one of these wonderful mowers for his 80 acre ranch and it has been extremely reliable which is why I chose this model for my own 40 acres of rolling hills , tree branches , and rocks . I rate Amazon.com and Swicher with `` 5 '' but working with Northern Tool has been extremely frustrating . I first tried buying from their web site -LRB- twice -RRB- and they said they could not run my credit card -LRB- then I found the mower on Amazon who ran the card and processed my order within a day -RRB- . Two weeks later I finally got in contact with N. Tool who said they could not deliver to a P.O. box -LRB- my mailing address , they were given the physical of course the day I placed the order -RRB- . Another week before I got in contact with the shipper who charge me for a lift gate -LRB- I do not have a forklift -RRB- . Now the mower is here -LRB- a month later -RRB- and the advertized electric stater failed to mention N. Tool does not supply the battery -LRB- now I have to make a special trip into town to find and buy a 12 volt battery -RRB- . Very frustrated at the additional charges and poor customer service ! Buy the Swisher but not from this seller .
 I used this mower for the first time and the belts wore out within the first 2 hours . Must be a symptom of a bigger problem since I was mowing with the deck all the way up in light grass .
 I am a master gardener and have tried pretty much every additive , bio and synthetic supposed plant helper on the market . I have actually done controlled experiments with this product on 5 peppers -LRB- 5 with 5 without -RRB- and found ABSOLUTELY NO difference with it . No difference at all ! Im sure it has vitamins in it as it smells like one in the bottle but you can get better results with natural AZomite for a ton cheaper . Dont expect a jack in the beanstalk story because its not magic and its nothing special but a multi vitamin in a bottle . Its hokus pokus claims in my book . Just look at the label and see the circus and claims which are NOT proven or proof . Stick with good old fashioned compost and it will blow you away . FYI , the seller of this product Hydro Harrys is a great outlet with great products and selection . Its where I buy all of my hydroponic supplies and the ONLY reason I have given this 2 stars rather then 1 . Thats has to count for somethin ...
 Ca n't see it from more than 30 ft. blue lights are very dim . Basically junk . Shipped in an envelope , fortunately not damaged
 We bought this hose to fill a baby pool and do some light gardening . We thought that the anti microbial was a nice feature . Too bad the description did n't mention that the hose contains LEAD . We will be sending this one back unopened .
 This pumps water flow is not impressive at all . Add a 1 foot tube and you just get a minimal flow with the pump flow fully open . Odd at it has all the exact same specs as the pump it replaced .
 This product starting bending with wood stacked halfway up . The welds seem insufficient where you would attach it to the 2 X 4 . So unless your stacking small dry pine limbs , look for another product .
 The item I received was damaged . It had obviously was returned by another cutomer and then sent to me . Very disappointed in the condition of the product . Would return but too heavy to return . Would not recommend this seller .
 I ordered this product as a xmas gift and picked the &#34; gift &#34; option when checking out but it was delivered in the actual box with the picture of the product and all so needless to say the surprised was ruined and that it is very upsetting . . i havent actually used it yet considering its not xmas yet and the person cant have it until then so i cant comment on the actual product . . but shipment was very disappointing . way to ruin xmas considering half of my gifts from amazon werent in plain boxes
 After using mine for 3 months the body cracked in half . Aluminum casting just did n't hold up . Until it broke in half , it worked great , sharpest bade ever , not quite like new but closer then any other method .
 I sent these things back after two weeks ! The mole would dig their tunnels right around these things . They didnt phase them at all.I was given a prompt refund , so the only thing I was out was the shipping.Don ' t waste your time or money . . I was able to get rid of the moles by using a garden hose to flush them out , then wacking them with a shovel .
 A mole hole appeared right next to it after I put it in the ground . The next day we lost 2 more lettuce plants . We would have purchased a dozen more `` Mole Chasers '' if they worked , because we have 5 acres and a lot of moles . As it is , the cat has had better luck in getting rid of them . Score Cat 4 -- Mole Chaser 0 . I ca n't recommend a product that just does n't work -- the mole area it was supposed to protect is covered with mole tunnels .
 worked okay for awhile , then the moles got used to it and it did not work on them very well after that . The battery 's go dead after awhile and then they dont work at all .
 I do not recommend this product for 13-lined ground squirrels , moles , voles , shrews . The ground squirrels seem to camp out next to it . We continue to lose trees when they eat the roots . We call our trees ` annuals ' since that 's how often we replace them due to the ground squirrels .
 Not worth the time it took too stick it in the ground .
 I purchase these sprayers every so often for washing my car in my condo 's garage -LRB- no hose access -RRB- . I 've been through a few now , so I 've seen some different models . The Gilmour Innovative Back Saver GP3 is at best decent . The volume is excellent and the idea of the elongated handle is well intended . However , I fear the handle/pump will be broken soon . Just pressurizing the bottle leads to twisting and bending of the handle when you near max pressure . The first time I pressurized it , the hose flew off at the bottle attachment . I 've screwed it back on more securely and it seems to be staying put now . Certainly not confidence inspiring and it flew off with such force that someone could get hurt if they were standing in line with it . While Gilmour gave the back saving extra height on the handle , the hose to the wand is painfully short . Even my little 2 gallon sprayer has a hose nearly 50 % longer . Finally , the wand . Sigh . It 's a flimsy plastic piece of junk . Does it spray ? Yes . Will it last long or is it ergonomically ` nice ' to use ? Not at all . For twenty some bucks , I 'll use this until it craps out , which I assume wo n't be long . But then I 'm probably not buying a Gilmour again . The RoundUp sprayers are much better products .
 The relief valve on these are just junk . The nozzle is junk . Hose too short . For a company that builds a junk product and aims it toward people with bad backs and disabled people on fixed incomes , they should be ashamed . I have no respect for them . It will be the last Gilmour product I purchase . I returned this garbage and bought a better brand . The word china on this is only an upgrade . Total waste of plastic.tall pump does no good if I have to hold it up to spray with it because the hose is too short . Then its still a back breaker.Anyone who thinks this sprayer is good has never had a good sprayer . I have an 8.00 sprayer that works much better than this .
 The unit leaks from the nozzel and the measuring cup is useless , flimsey product.What is worse is that Amazon took the payment from another account that was not authorized . Called them and they said `` too bad '' . Had to file a fraugent complaint with my bank to get the money back and to take the payment from the authorized card . So basically the product sucks and the coustomer service follows the product .
 Not sure what I 'm doing wrong . I pumped it full of pressure , but the design of having the liquid always below the spray hose prevents the material from coming out to spray unless you hold the stupid thing upside down . Is there a part missing ?
 Most of this sprayer is well made , but the pressure relief valve is simply a plastic screw , which screws into the plastic tank . It did n't take long -LRB- 4 ~ 5 uses -RRB- before air was leaking around the valve . A sprayer that wo n't maintain pressure is worthless .
 Thed pump rod broke ... snapped the third time I used this eprayer ... Brittle or pure inferior quality . Buyer bewareGilmour 362 Professional No Pre-Mix Sprayer , White
 I have had this sprayer about two years and was happy with it until the pump stopped working today . The pump is a plastic cartridge that is not meant to be opened or repaired . It feels as if the plunger handle became detached from the part on the inside which pushes the air . Today I also went to lookup a heavy duty metal oscillating sprinkler I have that stopped working and discovered that it is a Gilmour product too . Needless to say I 'll be avoiding buying anything more from Gilmour .
 this item was not at all what i expected and it is misrepresented and we were very disappointed with this item !!
 I knew this was an OK price and thought it would last longer than the 6 months it did . FIRST , it did n't fit my 9 ' 8 X 9 ' 8 and so I could never zip it up all the way . SECOND , the screening became brittle & tore . install was easy & the zippers were OK . But , if it does n't fit ... no price is right . The SIZE they give is NOT CORRECT .
 i haved try to find the frame on your side and could not find it . can you help me with this ?
 Speed of shipping was awesome but the product quality was less than I expected . The zippers are very fragile and I am using them as little as possible . The netting snags very easily and I do n't think this product will hold up to more than one year of use .
 When I purchased this item I got the impression that the kit -LRB- looking at the picture -RRB- included everything but the gazebo - which is the frame.You should be more specific and mention that the kit is just the screen around the frame and the top cover was not part of the kit . I need the top part of the gazebo more than the screen around it . The title of this item should say
 Parkland Heritage 10 ' x 10 ' 2-Tier Gazebo Screen KitThe information on this item is very misleading . The picture includes the cover and the four sided screen . The statement `` Gazebo not included '' is helpful , but not enough it should also read `` top cover not included '' . Yor company should make this information more accurate .
 I received my screen replacement quickly thanks to Amazon Prime two day shipping . After opening the box , I realized the quality was not what I was hoping for , it 's not nearly as nice as the original screen that came with my gazebo . For the price , I would have expected better . My entire Gazebo , fabric , frame & screen was only $ 99 at Home Depot , this replacement screen was over $ 50 . It has velcro straps that secure it to the top frame , my gazebo has clasps that will go through a grommet hole , not going to work with this screen . I tried to move past that because it looks nice otherwise and decided to put it up anyway because I need it for this weekend . That 's when I discovered it was n't long enough to reach the ground . It 's wide enough to wrap around the gazebo but would only work with a gazebo that 's very low to the ground . There is a good 3-4 inch gap at the bottom . What 's the point of having a screen if the bugs can just fly under it ? Very disappointed ! I 'm going to have to return it .
 I bought this item and realized later it only included the screen ! I want to buy the gazebo but I do n't find it anywhere . It looks as if they got many extra screens and no gazebos . I also noticed they sell all the required parts separately ! I hope I can return the `` gazebo screen kit '' and buy a real gazebo , screen , top tiers and every single part required ! How silly , Parkland Heritage !
 It was upsetting not to be able and receive direct shipment to San Juan , Puerto Rico . We were required to mail it to a relative in Florida for him to re-mail it to us in Puerto Rico.The product as displayed did not specify it was part one of two parts . The display should clarify in order to obtain the full Gazebo you needed to order the top part from a separate page at an additional cost.The unit when obtained full -LRB- both parts together -RRB- may very well be worth the price and a good buy . However the inconveniences -LRB- together -RRB- noted above prompted to decline from ordering it entirely.If properly advertised we may have made the purchase even at the added expense of the Florida stop over , and the additional part price.JJ OteroSan Juan , PR
 -1 inch pots are so tiny , the pots are also plastic-Ordered 2 sets of 8 and only received 2 cacti , the rest were succulents . Would have liked a more even distribution.-The plants were each about the size of a quarter , not grown like the pictures.-Really did n't look much like the picture at all-Overall the succulents were cute but the cacti looked like they were in rough shape-If you want to be able to look at your plants without squinting this might not be for you-The tape they used to attempt to keep the sand/stones in the little pots just gathered all the sand to stick to it . By the time I pulled the tape off there was almost nothing left in the pots.-Overall a cute product but was n't what I expected , I 'll be returning them
 Sorry gang , this is very beautiful but it does n't hold up in cold weather.If you by this , you 'll have to bring it in when it gets cold to freezing.Other than that . Wow . great looking .
 The biggest disadvantage to the sprout master is that i found it difficult to get rid of the hulls - it seems to be much easier with a jar and screens . However , the sprouts seem to store well in the sprout master - they stay fresh a long time .
 I 've used the European style drip sprouters by Bioset , now called theVictorio VKP1013 Round Three-Tray Kitchen Seed Sprouter , for over ten years , with good results . There was room for improvement , but overall I was content enough with the experience to lead me to expand my sprouting adventure , and now I also grow micro-greens and baby greens in trays . When I decided to take the Bioset on an extended trip and it cracked -LRB- silly me -RRB- , I thought I 'd `` upgrade '' to this one , on the advice of one of the various sprouting websites out there , which maligned the Bioset-style sprouters and anyone benighted enough to rely on them . The Sprout Master was billed as the best sprouter in the world , a breeze to use , handy , yadda yadda yadda . The best thing since sliced -LRB- sprouted-grain -RRB- bread.This was not my experience . I guess it boils down to the fact that the set up is not much different than the drip style , with the exception of increased inconvenience . The Sprout Master requires hand rinsing the seeds and sprouts rather than the pour-and-drip system . This did not bother me in and of itself , however , as I enjoy the process of working with the seeds and sprouts as much as eating them . I was happy to put in more work for better results . Also , with this sprouter , you have to soak your seeds first , which the European style ones get around by taking advantage of the varying surface tension of the water of unsprouted and sprouted seeds . When they are unsprouted , a bit of the water sits in the trays , allowing a mini-soak . Once they sprout , more of the water continues its process from tray to tray to the receptacle . If you are really concerned about too much water sitting there -LRB- one of the complaints from the sprouting site -RRB- , you just give it a few quick shakes , and off goes the water . Here , again , I was unperturbed
 Certainly not worth the price . It 's only advantage to using jars is it stacks . Good luck getting a response from the company if you need any information -LRB- which is seriously lacking with your purchase -RRB- . Save your money , use jars .
 Product is ok , but I consider it very expensive for a small plastic item ! If I had seen the product in person , I never would have paid that much for it .
 I read all the reviews before purchasing . Just received the mini sprouter tried to start using but the water keeps leaking out the sides . Not sure what i could be doing wrong since its only 7 pieces that stack . Very disappointing ! Returning this ASAP !!
 ok for your pack but not a camp axe handle to short head not heavy enought
 very cheap product , you can go to home depot and get the same product for 30.00 dollars cheaper
 Implies that everything required is included . It is not , be sure to buy the 1/2 inch tubing as well . The 50 % of the nozzles do not work properly either , would definitely pass on this product again in the future .
 I 'm very displeased that this product developed a leak after three days of use.No matter what we did we could not find the leak but every evening the bottom air chamber would be empty . We ended up going with a hard sided pool that held the same volume of water instead .
 I 'm about to send my second one back and go with a different brand , probably Rain Bird.Timer # 1 , I had to insert the wires into a hole and then manually tighten a screw to make the contact . This only functioned properly on 2 of the 8 wires I had to connect , including the AC ... wires simply would not stay in place because their screw mechanism was just terrible . Returned.Timer # 2 actually came as a slightly different model . The AC was not a screw-based connection , rather a plug , so that was good , but the station timers were setup the same way and even when I had it all working , I find that every now and then a station does not turn on and I have to mess with the wire connection . Just not worth it - should be set it and forget it , but that is not the case at all.Fooled me twice , shame on me .
 This is a very basic lawn sprinkler timer that does that . Programming is easy with an instruction sheet in hand but remembering the sequence is a challenge for my aging memory . OK , that 's all I paid for and based on that it should be worth at least four stars . However the electrical wiring landings -LRB- terminals -RRB- are a whole other story . These very small terminals are located at the bottom of the case just behind a slid off cover . All the electrical connections on that strip are 24 volt so most -LRB- if not all -RRB- wiring codes allow exposed insulated conductors at this level , but I 'm an old electrician and best looking job I could do came out looking second rate . Wiring like this should be in a supporting enclosure , the wire size and weight are too heavy to be hanging on those undersized terminals . This controller must be mounted high enough to be out of reach of small children -- hanging it that high on the garage wall just makes a bad looking job look worse , but no matter where its hung the wiring is in harms way . In my opinion this thing is not worth the price I paid . Orbit cut too many corners for me to recommend this one .
 They have never-ever-answered the phone when I needed help with a problem.If a company does not stand behind its products-what good are they?Don ' t buy an Orbit Timer !
 Do n't do it !!!! I replaced my broken unit yesterday . and purchased a replacement which I installed yesterday . This model is sitting on the coffee table here next to me . I took it apart yesterday and found the round plastic selector dial broken at 2 of the 3 points . which if you jiggled the know you could eventually get it to operate but I have been dealing with that problem for a looong time.I was determined to get my moneys worth out of it so I put up with it . I think it operated for a little over a year and then it did n't function correctly
 Returned - Can not be used on sprinkler system with an irrigation pump and a relay switch , to turn the pump on with set time on timer
 Orbit wears the egg on this one . The manual published by Orbit is a common one for models 27954 , 27958 , Orbit 57114 4-Station Standard Indoor Mounted Sprinkler System Control Timer , Orbit 57161 Sprinkler System 6-Station Standard Indoor Timer , 57162 , 91046 , 94122 , 94124 & 94126 . The manual , -LRB- which I read entirely online before ordering , having run into this issue before -RRB- includes the BOLD title section `` Installing Valves , Pump Start Relays & Master Valves '' and a graphic -LRB- Figure 18 -RRB- that clearly shows the controller to have a maser valve/pump terminal . The manual is silent that some of the models were cheaply made and do not include a master valve/pump terminal . You have to wait to get your unit in the mail and inspect it yourself , then return it . Way lame for both the retailer and you ! Side note
 awful - almost immediately the display quit workingcontact with the factory was uselessand of course it ; s too much trouble to just returndon ; t bother with this thing!plus it ; s a dumb ideawhen it ; s dark outside , you can not see the tempmuch better would be a typical indoor/outdoor thermometer witha wired sensor outside that you put through a windowat least you can see the tempthe display would workand you would get the inside temp tooon the plus side , it SEEMS like a good ideait ; s even kind of snazzy lookingbut it doesn ; t workwle .
 LCD started to fade after the Winter . Only owned for 5 months and the LCD barely comes on . My first reaction was to put new batteries in , however , that did not work . So I called customer service , sigh . They told me my brand new Energizer batteries with an expiration date of 2014 was TOO OLD . They said the batteries I purchased were already too old to work properly . So apparently , if you are unable to buy batteries produced in the future , these devices will never work properly . I almost rather they just said `` wrong company '' and hung up then this lame lie .
 My unit is installed on the outside of a north-facing well-insulated window so the sun and indoor heat are not affecting the unit . Regardless of this , the temperature always reads 7 to 10 degrees warmer than the actual . I installed a new battery but still is not accurate . This is too large a difference to accept , and like another reviewer said , returning it to the manufacturer is not pratical due to shipping cost . Also , you ca n't read it when it 's dark outside , even if you shine a light on it from inside of house . I like to see the early morning temperature during winter when it is still dark outside . I would not recommend it and am going to try a wired unit instead .
 Purchased from local retailer and lasted about 3 months before problems relating to number segments not working . Seemed OK otherwise . Has to be returned to LaCrosse for warranty . Original cost was $ 12 and to ship it back is around $ 6 or $ 7 , it is hardly worth the effort . I do n't think I will be buying another one . My experience with another brand was that the long time durability on these things is not very good .
 This is an absolute piece of junk . It shows the temperature of the window , not the outside air . I could never recommend this product to anyone .
 This would only be good in the shade , on a piece of glass that 's not attached to your house -LRB- or anything else that might exude heat -RRB- , and with a medium lit backdrop during the day -LRB- forget about reading it when it 's dark outside -RRB- . The other day it was 58 degrees out and this little fellow read 89 degrees . NOT EVEN CLOSE ! Buy something you can mount on a fence or wall outside the house , or one of those units with a radio link to a remote thermometer .
 Warmth from window affects thermometer ! D'oh ! It 's totally inaccurate on single-pane glazing , very inaccurate on dual-pane glazing , and still slightly inaccurate when mounted on a jerri-rigged 6 '' extender from dual-pane glass . The nature of windows being a big source of heat loss means this thermometer is measuring * warm * ambient air , not actual outside temperature .
 The major problem with this device is its placement location in proximity to the indoors , e.g. , on a window . The indoor temp seems to affect the outdoor temp reading by anywhere from 3 to 7 degrees . Would be better if it had a wire probe that extended further from the device . Returned item . Do n't waste your money .
 This thermometer requires backlighting to read the LCD displayed numbers , which makes it completely useless at night . If you ever want to know the temperature in the dark -LRB- alot of the time in winter in the north ! -RRB- , do n't get this thermometer !
 Be carful where you place it ... MUST be put in a shady place or it reads crazy ! Hard to read if sun is hitting it and obviously ca n't be seen at night .
 TEMP READING CONSTANTLY OFF BY MINIMUM OF 10 DEGREES.I WAS WARNED .
 I put the thermometer in a north facing dual pane insulated window and just above pleated insulating shade ... reads 8-10 degrees too high when temp in 40 's ... probably more inaccurate at lower temps . I 'm going to leave it up to see if it is worth anything in summer weather .
 I just returned the two that arrived last week . One arrived with a dead battery . Both were very inaccurate , indicating consistent temperatures of at least 10 degrees too high . The thermometer look good but definatly not worth the trouble
 Item delivered as promised but disappointed in product performance.Reset buttons do not work -LRB- you have to remove batteries to reset thermometer -RRB- and product description in sales literature is not clear . The thermometer resets max and min temperatures every day rather giving the user the option of manually resetting the temp when needed -LRB- although the reset feature does n't work anyway ! -RRB- . This prevents one from measuring the max and min temperatures over any period other than a day .
 Purchased from Home Depot in 2008 . Never used to mulch , blower only . Died on 10/07/2009 in the middle of major clean up.Keep away from this product . Not much of a value.I am going to buy other brand
 Do not buy this product ! It worked fine the first time I used it , but the second time it broke and is not working at all . My son was helping me blow the driveway and placed it on the pavement a bit hard and after that it would not work . I could understand this if it were dropped from a height , but this was not the case . An outdoor tool should be way more durable and able to withstand some wear and tear . This is a cheaply made and unreliable product .
 Ordered Toro unit Friday received Monday Used for ten minutes failed . Any new item could be defective . Re-Ordered replacement Tues Received Thursday figured I had better try it out before I assembled it , this unit did not work at all , If this is an example of Toro Quality , I recommend you stay far away from them
 Very disappointed with this brand and product quality . My brother-in-law and I both bought this hunk of junk at the local chain home improvement store to take care of leaves in our first homes . With the first use , I was excited because it really seemed to be working great at blowing and tolerable though a little slow at sucking the leaves , and it was n't too heavy or hard to manage . Despite following all the directions , halfway through the third use , it just stopped working and would never start back up . Oh , and I only have 1 , medium-sized tree.My brother-in-law had better luck , depending on how you look at it . His worked through an entire season but then absurdly and dangerously started throwing sparks - and I mean a lot of sparks - and you could actually see a small electrical fire through the vents . Scary.Shipping was too high to justify repair , and we did n't trust it to work again for long anyway , so we got rid of ours at a 95 % loss after less than a month 's use . Although this might suffice for just a blower , I have since heard other horror stories about this brand , and I will not being buying a Toro again .
 This Toro vacuum/blower lasted almost eight hours before it died . I only used it for picking up oak leaves out of the flower beds . I did not experience any vibrations before failure . Poor quality in my estimation it appears that the motor burned out . I would not recommend .
 This was an anticipated Christmas gift . However , after unboxing and assembling the blower , it would not start . Reseated all parts , checked extension cords , and it still would not operate . Called Customer Service and was advised to return the unit to the Toro Service Center , pre-paid . This is not a small unit and the shipping cost was $ 20 . It will take approx 3 + weeks for the repair.There is a huge quality control problem here . This unit never should have left the factory . If your unit requires a repair , know that there is no easy or inexpensive solution .
 The 12 amp Toro motor is strong . So strong , in fact that it will blow the hose and collector bag right off your garbage can creating the biggest mess you 've seen . The hose goes into the top of the bag so is continually trying to collapse the bag . The biggest problem is that the bag does n't have enough surface area to allow the volume of air produced by the motor , to escape . So you ca n't use the tool at peak efficiency without creating the huge mess . At the slower motor speeds , the process is painfully slow - easier to hand rake . Toro has no solution and is not interested in discussing it . If you do n't mind carrying the shoulder bag around the product works ok .
 This unit was well-reviewed by `` a leading consumer testing company '' and I only used it for leaves in the fall , both blowing and vacuuming . It lasted 2 seasons before the motor just quit . My previous Craftsman lasted almost a decade - now that 's reliable .
 DO N'T BUY TORO - NO PARTS AVAILABLE = NO CUSTOMER SUPPORTI asked for a particular part - Variable speed On/Off switch CYM-1213-A . Here is the respond from TORO11/23/2012Oleh , Thank you for contacting The Toro Company.Although our desire is to accommodate you , The Toro Company does not supply replacement parts for the electric motors used on our appliance products . Our decision not to offer these parts was determined on the basis of a number of factors.First , the Toro Company is concerned about the safety of our customers and the electrical hazards that may result during the repair process . Second , the replacement of single parts -LRB- i.e. brushes , springs -RRB- tends to be short-termed due to existing wear on the armature shaft . Third , many times the cost of repair or replacement of a motor will be more than the cost of a new blower.For customer 's safety , the harness and internal electrical repairs must be `` hi-pot '' tested to make sure they are safe . This test is not something readily available to all customers therefore we do not sell internal electrical parts.We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause . Please know you have an open invitation to contact us at any time at 888-384-9939 . Sincerely , MellissaCustomer Care RepresentativeCase Number 2433529
 My Toro blower fell off a 1 story roof and landed in a pile of pine straw . It appeared undamaged , but would not turn on . I ended up buying a new and different brand blower to replace it . Several months later I became curious about the cause of the Toro blower 's refusal to work . I took off the impeller guard and found that there is a tiny plastic tab on the inside of the impeller guard that presses a tiny safety switch . The blower only works when the safety switch is pushed . The plastic tab had snapped off and was no longer pushing the safety switch . The tab is only about as large as the cross section of the tip a door key , and is apparently very fragile . Whoever thought this up should have his/her butt kicked ! `` For want of a nail ... . This fragile tab ended up costing me the price of a new blower and the cost of a replacement part for the Toro .
 This machine is less powerful than the same one it replaced . Tested it against the old one and that one was stronger . Looks identical but this new one is way weaker . Just too much of a hassle to return .
 I had a previous version of this blower for 5 years . Worked great until the impeller broke while mulching . I decided to buy the newer version.I 've only used it 3 times only to do some light blowing of leaves and grass.The motor began to slow and surge ... then began to smoke and spark . Obviously Toro has a quality control problem with these units.I 've had fits trying to get it repaired . I went to Toro 's website and local Ace Hardwares store that are supposed to service it are all saying we ca n't . Since I bought it from Amazon I just ca n't march back into the store and demand my money back . Be warned . . you will have problems if you buy this unit and it needs repair . I will try another brand next time .
 At best , this device will help aerate a lawn that is in good shape . If the ground is too hard , the device will not penetrate - at least not without adding so much weight that it ca n't be moved safely . If the ground is too soft , it becomes difficult to roll it.Rent an aerator .
 Do n't waste your money on this . They did n't even put enough thought into it as to have a standard cinder block fit on it . You will be breaking one up to make it fit , or find yourself at the hardware store looking for smaller ones to fit the platform . Even then , it does n't seem to really dig into the ground well , even after watering . This is probably because it 's more of a rolling motion than a downward motion . Sounds like a good idea , but not when it 's put into practice .
 I bought this with some hope that it would break the matting on turf grass , I was n't even looking for aeration . This product is useless for either endeavor . A cinder block lacked the weight to punch through the grass . I modified the unit by welding two rods to the plate so I could attach weights . Started with 30lbs and still did n't work . At 60 lbs the unit worked but you could imagine pulling that weight around . This thing has a few design problems - if you pull it , you are lifting its weight off of the ground . If you push it , you might as well use no weight at all , your body acts as the weight . You will be guaranteed some exercise with that approach . Oh , I even tried sharpening the blades with a grinder . If you crawl on your hands and knees and use a hammer and nail , the results would be better .
 I tried several times this year to use this on my lawn ... it does n't dig in at all . I added weights and still no results . Thought as I put it out at the curb last night for the trash guys that a little feedback might save someone else some $ $ $ .
 Not at all what I was hoping for . Did n't even use . Wast of money ! The spikes only puncture a quarter of an inch .
 product is poorly designed -LRB- made in china -RRB- , and is mislabeled because there 's no way the one of the product pictures depicting a 120lbs female pushing the aerator like a self-propelled mower could work . if you can bench 300lbs and squat 500 , then `` pushing '' the aerator is about the same as hand-plowing -- without the ox . Plastic between spikes breaks immediately , the sides plow into the turf , and the handles are impossibly made for pushing unless you want to break your wrist every 3 seconds that the thing gets stuck.Also mislabled because concrete blocks are neither heavy enough nor stay on without 40 bungee cords -- being solid , they also bounce around too much . The only weights that somewhat work are bags of lead shot -LRB- heavy enough , do n't bounce around -RRB- or sand bags.Pushing is too hard , pulling does n't spike deep enough.whoever designed this ought to go back and finish elementary school .
 We found that this product does not do what it claims to do . All it does is poke holes in the ground and does not do enough to really aerate the lawn . Very disappointed in it !
 This piece needs weight , a cement block is what I used.It KINDA works , but if I was going to buy it now . I would think twice before I did it . I should have known it was to cheap , and poor craftmanship . If your taller than 5 ft , Do n't get it , or find away to expand the handle higher.If you want to take a week or so to try and get any denifite from this , Have fun , it 's at lest getting you one heck of a work out , if nothing else .
 This product will not work in clay soil . Cement blocks do n't fit thetray for them to set on . Would not recommend buying .
 When it arrived it had three broken plastic bushings that go inside the wheels to allow them to fit the shaft . Needless to say with three of these broken I had to do some rigging to get it to work.It is cheap , and others have complained of a regular cement block not fitting in the tray on top . But if you can go to home depot or lowes and get three patio pavers in the 9 x 6 inch category they will fit in the tray just fine.If you are a welder or work in metal , it 's a cheap set of parts you can make into something you can use . Otherwise , just hire it done .
 This items was difficult to assemble . Once assembled the spikes , which appear to be sharp in the photo were basically blunt spears . Placing a house brick on the carriage to give extra weight on the `` spikes '' proved unsuccessful . The so called spikes are only 1 1/2 inches long . Unless you have very short grass and supper soft soil , this aerator does not work . It 's only place is in the trash bin ! A waste of my money .
 Received the order timely . Horrible directions . I put it together and realized once it was together that it would not last long . I used it once and it came apart and I lost a piece . I am about to call the company for a replacement piece . I thought I would save money by getting my own and doing it each year but this unit is not worth the money . Fail !
 Dont buy this . Its too heavy since you have to place a concrete block on it . Its very flimsy and trust me . You wont use it more than once .
 The product is not study or capable of performing the task it is suppose to do . I do not recommend this product to anyone .
 Not too an effective product . Does n't work well if the ground is hard and takes a lot of effort even if the ground is workable .
 The product was on the `` flimsy side '' and did not work well on my lawn . I called the company because I had two washers left over and the assembly instructions are not very good . The two washers were `` extras '' , but they do not tell you this in the instructions ! The spikes are loose . The company said I should use the two washers to tightn it . I would say save your money .
 Wow , in the picture I thought this looked pretty good to aeriate our lawn . Without wheels this contraption is a bear to push - and you have to have the brick on it or the spikes just sit on top of the grass . Our yard has some dips and minor hills and using this was a back breaker -LRB- handle does n't come up very high -RRB- as well as getting `` stuck '' anytime the lawn was n't perfectly even . I would not recommend .
 ... mine busted after twisting out about maybe 10 weeds . No garden tool worth its fern would be made with a plastic handle -LRB- which also started splitting under the hand grip -RRB- and a plastic ratchet to handle the stress of twisting weeds out of the ground.This product , if made properly , would do a very good job and last a long time . Unfortunately , the Roto Weeder is a piece of crap .
 Last Fall I purchased a Roto-Weeder , but did n't use it til yesterday . After removing about 10 weeds the cutting end just split in two . It is made of plastic , and the twisting of the rods causes stress on the end . It comes with no guarantee . If it were made of a more durable material rather than plastic , it could be a good unit . Otherwise , it is a waste of money unless you are weeding in sand ... Wayn
 Chairs are nice for the price , but if you have ANY problems with them , I as did , take care of the problem the day you receive these . AMAZON & WORLD FACTORY have TERRIBLE , TERRIBLE , TERRIBLE customer service when it comes to replacements because an item is defective . I received a chair with a leg that was snaped off and NEITHER of these two companies would replace it !!!
 We ordered the Swimline and when we received it , we realized it would not fit our soft side above ground pool . It appeared heavy duty and I feel for the right size pool , it will be a lot of fun . But a person needs to make sure that the fitting on this foutain , will fit your fitting .
 Product can not be used successfully . Cost to return too high ! I would never recommend this item to anyoneVery disappointed
 The fountain shows a picture of a large fountain . This thing only got to be about 6 inches high . The instructions are pitiful and not helpful . The tubing is cheap and caused my filter to start leaking . It went back promptly .
 This hose has received very light use for less than 6 months yet it is cracking near the end where nozzles are attached . I was willing to pay a bit more for a higher quality hose , but this one has really been a disappointment .
 I bought this hose after reading the other positive reviews . However , I found this hose to be terrible . It constantly kinks -- both when it was brand new and after being left in the sun to help soften the plastic . This hose was practically unusable and I replaced with a NeverKink hose from Lowe 's . The NeverKink hose has worked very well and , unlike this hose , it rarely if ever kinks . Do n't waste your time and money on this product .
 I bought this item on sale at a local hardware store . Price was a tad less than Amazon 's . I got it just to wash the dog . So , hooked it up to the faucet , and I truly expected it to burst . It did n't , but the amount of `` inflation '' was hard to believe . Where I had the nozzle attached , it was a good 1/2 '' larger than the fitting.re
 I was disappointed that this hose did not have a screw fitting to attach to my house 's hose outlet . Instead , it had a brass fitting with plain metal , which obviously does n't work for attaching it . What good is that ? I am assuming this was a mistake or other people would surely have commented on it . I am returning the item to Amazon , as it does me no good.Chris
 I bought this hose for a short run to a motion sensor sprayer . . I have the faucet on all the time about half way and pressure builds in this hose as it grows . . The pressure is normal house level below 45 pounds and even when there is no sun , this hose will easily double in size . . The kinks CAN NOT be removed . . The hose actually twisted itself and unscrewed from the faucet . . I had to put a heavy paver stone on it to prevent the twisting . . It is almost like the hose was twisted hard before the metal ends were attached . . After about one week with this attached to the house and under pressure , the pipes in the house began to moan . . I quickly determined that when the pressure in the house drops below the hose pressure , there is backflow of water into the house which creates this haunted house sound . . Now I am going to get a backflow preventer for this guy which cost the same as the hose did . . Cheap price for a very cheap hose . . Purchase with caution . .
 Upon first application of home water pressure , it ruptured - burst right through . Returned for refund . Recommend buying a better product .
 I am sure it would have been fine . But it arrived with the entire bottle leaking all over the plastic etc. . It was a waste.Thank you
 This product needs to be doubled or tripled in recommended concentration -LRB- $ $ -RRB- in order to kill weeds . Otherwise the sprayed weeds just slow down a bit then keep growing . Better products are available .
 First thing to say is my order took about 10 days to arrive but that 's normal with these kinds of vendors . Once I received the box , I was surprised at how much was there . Two full bags . But in each bag half was unusable and I had to throw away . What was usable was good but not great quality . I tend to judge things by how much pleasure I derive from them so my bottom line is out of the $ 15 I spent I have gotten about $ 3 worth of enjoyment out of the basil and when I 'm done it will be around $ 5 . If this is a must have and there is no other way to get it , one should order this way by all means . I will not again .
 There was nothing FRESH about this !!! I opened the box to find a handful of dried , crumbled Thai basil . It was n't in a bag or anything , it was just thrown inside a UPS box , no receipt , no attempt to keep it fresh , just crumbled , dried herbs . I threw the whole thing out . I wanted it for a specific recipe which called for fresh .
 Be sure to carefully measure your pond placement , I was charged almost $ 50 for shipping and restocking fees ! You might want to shop locally where the business is customer friendly and accepts returns without RMAS and hassles.After 10 years as a loyal amazon customer , I am am now a `` local '' business supporter because they post their return policy where it is easier to see and understand . I guess amazon has gotten too big to care about my business.Just spreading the word for the rest of my life . I feel deceived and I 'm going to warn future customers of the pitfalls of buying through amazon as a middleman , they might be hiding a very unfriendly return policy behind the `` a to z '' -LRB- except `` r '' for `` restocking fee '' -RRB- guarentee .
 The company sent me a gerbil feeder instead of the large chicken feeder . I called and told them that there was a mistake and that I was about to travel and needed the feeder I ordered as soon as possible . The woman I spoke with was unpleasant and unhelpful . I asked to speak with a supervisor or owner and was told that nobody was available , but thI would get a call back . This call NEVER came . I got results by calling Amazon and speaking to a very helpful woman who pursued the situation . I finally got the product I actually ordered . I would NEVER order from this vendor again .
 THIS PRODUCT IS JUNK !!!!! the lid they have posted for it does not make this unit whole and out of the rain ! . I got this lid later . FAILS ! . does not stay on and has hole in it , If they are going to sell something , make sure it works with the item !! Also the holdons keep coming off . The item vouches to keep product dry . What a joke !!! Probably the epic design FAIL in any feeder out there . I wo n't deal with either the seller or the brand due to this . as what I spent is not cheap and can not return this worthless junk !
 The wires pulled out of the connector within 4 uses . Hard to believe it was even worse than the original .
 I received my order promptly and perfectly packaged with the key in a plastic bag with the correct number marked on on bag . The problem is that the key does not work and I emailed the seller to ask what to do about this and never heard back . Thank goodness it was not an expensive item .
 I loved the heart-shaped windchime , and will order another to replace this one . Metal had a dingy appearance , not attractive at all . Also , one of the crystals was badly chipped and had to remove it from the chime , which made it unbalanced ; additionally , the crystals were lackluster.The heart-shaped windchime had a pretty red color to the metal that really caught the light , and the crystals were brilliant .
 Very disappointment -- poor quality -- paint is chipped on every single heart ! NOt surprising since it comes from China . Do nott waste your money .
 This is a very cute design , but the paint application is very cheaply done -- paint was sloughing off as i was taking it out of the box and hanging it up .
 Difficult to put together ! The holes for the screws were full of some foreign material . . had to `` oil '' them to get even one screw into the 2 screw openings for the legs.Delivery process was complicated and less than easy .
 I ordered 4 of these nice looking chairs . As is usual with Amazon they arrived amazingly fast - on the second business day.I 'd ordered them even though I 'd read the review by someone whose chairs were damaged upon arrival . My chairs arrived in cheapo packaging . I decided to open them right away even tho I did n't have time to set them up yet . Immediately hardware and wood splinters fell out of one box ... obviously that one was going to be returned . I removed the other 3 and found that another one was broken - same hardware was falling off and wood splintered . The other 2 looked OK so I set them aside -LRB- without assembling them -RRB- . A few days later when it was time to set up the chairs , as soon as I unfolded them I found that a third chair was broken in the very same place - where the footrest hardware is attached . Called amazon - got replacement chairs ordered and one of those was broken -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- in the same place . The two good ones are nice , but WHAT a hassle !!! Amazon is a class act so they need to clamp down on the manufacturer -LRB- in Vietnam , apparently -RRB- to fix the repeat defect .
 After reading the other reviews , I still decided to purchase based on price . It is true.Nice product for the money , but be prepared to repair the chair when it arrives . It is very poorly packed and I had to break out the screws and glue to repair mine .
 The chairs were received in poor condition . The boxes were crushed and torn , which resulted in the chairs being damaged . Some of the hardware had fallen out and most was loose . We sent the chairs back . The return process was easy and the refund included shipping .
 The product work well , but the problem is the short time of battery , only 30 minutes and need 16 hours to charge .
 THIS ONE SOMETHING HAPPENED IN DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING . IT HOLDS VERY LIMITED CHARGE AND REALLY IS NOT SUFFICIENT FOR ANY OUTDOOR PROJECT . USED TWICE AND SITTING IN THE YARD SALE BOX .
 Seems cheaply made , it is hard to hold back the safety switch & push the button to operate the shears . I do n't use shears often , so will muddle through . Not as good as my last pair , they were another brand .
 Have had grass shears for years including black & decker this unit would not cut grass very disappointing ! The grass would just pass through the blades and would not even rip the grass . Bought another brand and did just fine .
 You better have a strong thumb to keep the lock disengaged.OK for very light grass trimming.A full charge will last about 5 minutes.I have not been able to find a replacement/rechargeble battery.Don ' t buy it !!
 These shears are way too feeble for any serious use . They cut the tender tips of the grass fine , but when it comes to the beefier , possibly wet , root area , they totally fail . The overload shutoff kicks in every 5 seconds , making them totally unusable for me . I tried to trim the overgrown edge of my lawn and I gave up after 6 feet . If you are a serious gardener and want a strong , reliable tool that does its job , this is not for you .
 Although the top button is a safety measure by design , it 's very difficult to press the top button to unlock the shears and turn it on to use . Definitely not designed for the weak or elderly ! As a result , we 're shopping for new shears .
 The old blades they use to make before 1998 for this unit were top quality and would last you like 50 yard cuttings . The ones you pick up today only last like 8 yard cuttings before they get dull . They are very hard to sharpen with a file or dremel tool . I can not get them to sharpen right so I 'm forced to buy new blades often . The battery life is avg 30 - 45 mins .
 Poor blade quality means frequent jams . Limited run-time . Uncomfortable to operate with small to medium size hand . Save your money . This item deserves 0 stars .
 These shears are helpful for grooming small areas when you do n't want to drag out the gas trimmer , but they are really more of a toy than anything else . And I highly recommend the optional extension handle if you do find them worth keeping in your arsenal of equipment . But my biggest complaint with this B&D tool , and the reason I have sworn off ALL B&D cordless tools , is the poor battery lifespan and inability to replace the batteries -LRB- or if replaceable , it costs as much or more than replacing the tool at most discount sources -RRB- . The batteries in this and the similar cordless hedge trimmer must be religiously recharged on a regular basis year round whether you use them or not . During the winter season if you start slipping on a weekly recharge , the batteries will die a slow but sure , premature death . The same is true of most cordless tools , but B&D 's are the worst yet . That goes for drill/drivers , also . And while I 'm ranting about B&D , I have to say the quality of their corded tools has deteriorated in recent years , too . Never again will I buy another B&D cordless or corded tool .
 I agree wholeheartedly with all the other 1 & 2 star reviews . Do NOT understand the 3 , 4 & 5 star reviews . Not a female friendly product if there is a lot of clipping to do . You need strong fingers to keep the on/off switch depressed for any length of time . Keeps shutting off after the first sign of weakness in the fingers . They cut the tips of grass fine but to get to the bottom of the blade you have to make at least 3-4 passes . Not for the busy gardener . Cordless is wonderful -- recharges over night . Thot Black and Decker would have a much better product than this thing . Very disappointing . Am going back to American Gardener . Do n't buy this OR the long handle , for the same reasons already expressed by some .
 This shear worked OK for about a year . I use it with the extension handle and you do have to have a strong hand to keep both triggers pressed to keep the unit running . Now after a year , a full charge only lasts about 5 minutes . It used to work 15-20 minutes on full charge . I would replace the battery , but there is no replacement available .
 I bought this product , charged it up overnight and found it would not work after a single 3 second burst . I returned it , and bought two more , to be sure I could edge before company coming . After charging both overnight , one worked , but the other one stopped after 3 minutes and would not charge again . The THIRD appliance works fine and holds a charge . This is too much trouble to buy 3 to get only 1 that works .
 While this is okay for light quick edging - it cuts through a reasonable thickness of grass & weeds - it is not easy turn on and keep on . The switch must be pushed forward and down with the thumb constantly in order to keep it on . Even in short bursts I still get a sore spot on the end of my thumb -LRB- forget about the ache in the knuckle -RRB- . I have a friend with arthritus who ca n't even turn it on . My mom has an old one without the thumb safety switch and it is MUCH easier to use.B & D ; , if you are reading this ... PLEASE find a better switch . I 've had mine for about 2 years and the already nasty switch is starting to go now . I have to jiggle it and adjust the pressure to get it to work at all .
 I ordered the grass shears to use around some roses and other areas that a lawn mower ca n't touch and a weed whacker could damage . The shears are very loud for an electric tool and they will stop cutting when they encounter any sort of thicker grass . It is actually easier and quicker to use a pair of large scissors or small manual shears than use this product . Good idea , but far from perfected yet . Not worth the money .
 This product is difficult to use and is a joke.Don ' t buy it .
 After only 2 summers of careful use , the blades got dull and the battery does n't hold the charge . The replacement battery costs $ 15 plus S&H . Not buying any more tools from B&D . Instead , bought the American Garden cordless grass shear 4.8 Volt from Amazon . Very powerful , lighter than B&D , stainless steel blades . So far very happy with the new American Gardener 's shear .
 Worthless waste of money . Trimmer jams at the faintest hint of thick grass . Holds a charge long enough to cut about 15 feet of edging , then dies . Wo n't run when plugged in so does n't even work as a corded trimmer . I use these to prop open the shed door so I can find the hand trimmers to actually edge my lawn .
 `` Very Disappointed '' first of all the cord didnt work right and it barely holds a charge and does `` not '' cut very well . I have weeds that I was hoping it would cut they are n't thick but it does `` not '' do the job . I am very unhappy with this product and it is sitting on my shelf . I will just use my clippers and do it manually as this product is not something I would purchase again .
 This is the worst piece of gardening tool I 've ever bought . You can only trim a 10 inch area before you finger starts cramping up . The safety lock has such a small hold you have to push , in order to pull the trigger , so its not like you can just turn it off and rest your fingers , you have to go through trying to push that little hold and then at the same time pull in this trigger that 's so stiff and hard to keep in its ridiculous . Then to change the blade , another horrible design , you have to balance this blade while trying to get the top part on and aligned with these little cheap prongs made out of cheap plastic . I 've even written them and the company 's customer service sucked . I gave them one star only because they make you put something in , I do n't think it even deserved that . There is one made by craftsman that was great and then they quit selling it , now I see one just like it made by American Gardener ***** Do Not Buy Black and Decker *****
 This did n't work at all . It would n't even cut my grass . Holds about a 5 minute charge .
 Was unable to use item since I have a bad back . The extension handle was never set for this item . I would not have ordered this item if I knew I would not get the extension handle .
 Terrible product . Battery charge lasts only a few minutes . Grass gets caught between blades and causes them to freeze-up and has to be pulled out by hand . Complete waste of money . Do n't buy it .
 Design is poor as it gives me a cramp to hold the safety button AND the power button at the same time . But I never have the cramp for long since the battery does n't hold a charge worth a sou . After just a few minutes cutting the battery loses enough power that the blades wo n't cut through anything thicker than air . Now after just a couple of years of light use the battery is completely dead . No replacement batteries available anywhere except `` authorized repair '' shops . My guess is that it would cost as much to replace the batteries as it did to buy the shears in the first place . I 'm sorry I bought these .
 Was impressed with item , seemed well made and durable . However , charged the battery for the required time , and it just held charge for approximately 10 min . Tried it several times and finally gave up and returned item . According to instructions , charge should last for at least 30 min .
 I bought these several years ago to replace an earlier iteration of this item that actually WORKED -LRB- you can tell the earlier version , which used to be green , rather than orange -RRB- . The battery dies on these very quickly so even my tiny front lawn takes two days -LRB- one overnight charge -RRB- to cut ; the old version was good for the entire yard . I really wish I could find some grass clipper version of my electric -LRB- corded -RRB- hedge clipper , which works a treat .
 The product description and features sound good , but it is not an especially good value .1 . There is not sufficient weight in the base to keep the product from falling over from the weight of the handle .2 . The wheels are hollow molded so they are easier to break and hence designed to fail .3 . The height adjustor/edge guide is in very close proximity to the blade and not especially secure . If this ever loosened more it would be struck by the blade with might damage the motor .4 . The motor is a sealed unit and there is no way to lubricated the motor bearings .5 . The advertisement of use for relief cutting aroung base of trees is not exactly a genuine feature . Try cutting a circle in a piece of wood with a hand-held circular saw and you will understand what I mean.I would not buy again . Looks like was designed for use for a season or two tops .
 It was total waste of time and money when I found that it was just not better than a electric toy . The blades on this edge cutter will just crush the grass , it wont give a fine cut , thus looking the cutted edge weired . gldly returned to lowes .
 I purchased this unit due to all the rave reviews . I have a rather large corner lot , but I do n't consider it to be that big . The Edge Hog seemed to do O.K. , but I was having to buy a new blade each time I needed to edge the yard . When you consider the initial cost of the unit , plus a $ 6 blade each time you use it , the costs mount up pretty quick . After going through this process a few times , I contacted B&D `` customer service '' to see if the blades were supposed to wear out that fast or if I had been getting defective blades . They would never give me a straight answer , and I finally gave up . I wasted a lot of time just going in circles with them . The second summer , I decided to buy a different brand of blade . I installed it and the thing was working like a dream . After 30 feet or so of edging , there was a noticeable power drop and then the unit started smoking . Well , needless to say , that was the end of the Edge Hog . It 's now in the trash , and I will never buy another B&D product as long as I live . If I could , I 'd give this piece of junk 0 stars . I 've never had a B&D product that has lasted any length of time . If you 're considering this unit , or any B&D product , be warned ...
 I bought this to replace my older B&D edger that lasted me 14 years ! There is NO comparison of the new edger to my older edger in terms of build quality , ease of use , and ability to cut through grass and dirt when edging . The new edger bogs down and runs out of power , and the quality of cut is worse than the old one . In addition , ergonomics really suck on the new edger , given the cheap wheel and limited space between the blade guard and blade itself . My old edger would edge through thick , moist grass and dirt -LRB- such as would be expected a day after rain , for example -RRB- . The new one clogs up and strains to get the job done . What a piece of garbage ! Unfortunately , this is endemic in most products sold in America these days . Companies have greatly cheapened products , and manufacture them cheaply NOT to last long -LRB- planned obsolescence -RRB- . Talk about ` the fleecing of America ' when it comes to the consumer . It 's all around us now , and arguably getting worse ! I 'll be returning this for a refund first thing tomorrow .
 This edger probably works find for light work in sandy soils . It does not work if you have an edge that has never been edged before in clay soil with tough sod . Mine overheated and the motor burnt out . The handle is cheap molded plastic that is held on to the metal -LRB- amazing there is a metal part on this -RRB- shaft by a screw . Not a bolt , not a sturdier arrangement that can be tightened . The handle , powerhead , and shaft all wobble in relation to each other . The housing is cheap plastic . The blade is not sharp and showed considerable abrasion and wear after just a few of minutes of use . This product is like everything else Black and Decker has made in the last decade or so ... junk .
 This has worked great for a year . Smells like something is burning and it stopped working . Call Black and Decker for warranty and was told I have to take it to service center . The closest center is close to 90 miles away . Or I 'd could mail it to the service center at my expense . So make sure your willing to drive or sacrifice the warranty .
 have a yard w / red clay & wiregrass - followed directions - wore out original blade in 1.5 hrs of moderate edging - bought newblade & unit = smoking garbage after .75 hrs more - love old B&D electric yard vac/blower still working after 10 yrs of heavy duty use - did n't bother returning or fixing this item ... will closely supervise potential future purchases of B&D products
 Let 's start off with the good : - Well powered-Easy assembly-Simple and effective cord retainerThe bad : - I 'm 6 ' 2 '' and have to stoop to use it . It 's made for someone about 5 ' 10 '' max.-The edge guide does not follow the concrete . You have to use the left hand handle to pull the edger to the side so it stays in a straight line . So now I 'm stooping and applying a force perpendicular to the direction I 'm going.-If the edge guide happens to follow the concrete , the blade is spaced so far from it , that it does n't catch everything and you have to go back and forth over it until you randomly get it.-I 've been hanging it by the handle in my garage and the plastic is cracking under it 's own weight .
 I bought this edger one year ago and it has worked great until last week . The motor quit working . I bet I have used this edger no more than 15 times in two years . I expect better durability out of a B&D product !
 I purchased this edger in May 2012 and did n't actually take it out of the box until early September . Used it for about an hour on a Saturday , it worked great . On Sunday I continued and the motor kept stopping every few seconds although nothing was blocking the blade . Hitting the trigger 5-6 times would turn it back on . At one point I realized the machine was heating so much that it melted the cable and the negative pin was stuck and it would n't unplug . I forced it and the pin broke . I had to go through so much hassle to call amazon and black and decker and finally drove the machine to black and decker service center 27 miles away from my house . They took about 10 days to replace the parts but the machine is still having the same issues . I use it for few minutes , leave it unplugged for another few minutes to cool down , use it again . I guess this is what I should expect for a $ 70 - $ 80 machine .
 This item broke down after one useage . I purchased a Black & Decker Electric Mower about three years ago and it never worked properly , and had to be returned . Black & Decker is not the quality it once was
 I think this product is made in either 120v or 220v versions . I did not think to ask and ended up with the 120v version and having to buy a 110v transformer . In design it is very basic and best suited to situations where the grass grows up to a brick or concrete edge , otherwise difficult to produce a straight edge .
 Multiple pass after multiple pass after multiple pass . This thing just does not have the power to get the job done quickly AND cleanly . I 'm finding myself taking probably 4x the necessary time to get a job done and due to the EXTREMELY light weight of the edger you find it lifting off the ground if you have any overhang that reaches a single wheel . Also due to the lack of power you have to push , and I mean PUSH , this thing through the ground which lead to me breaking the cheap plastic handle.Pros : - Relatively cheap-Lightweight -LRB- easy to move -RRB- - OK in DRY weather-2 in 1Cons : - Lightweight -LRB- Wo n't stay planted into ground -RRB- - Plastic Handles-TERRIBLE in moist conditions-Multiple passes needed-Guide is a joke , often find myself angling/tilting the edger in order to remain as close to cement as possible without veering 2-3 inches off.-Multiple passes + lightweight + terrible guide = unclean finishOverall I am EXTREMELY disappointed in the product . I do n't know if the product I bought was just a bad egg but it is near useless .
 I used this edger for exactly 20 minutes and the motor burned out . The funny thing is that I got this `` Edgehog '' as a replacement for an old edger - a much less powerful edger - that I had used for over 10 years in the same service . This thing is perhaps the last B&D ; product I will ever buy.Like an idiot I threw out the box and receipt before I used it - because after all - it 's a Black and Decker and I wanted it assembled and ready to use!No refund , no replacement . A word to the wise -- especially if buying something with this name brand -- keep your receipts.With products such as this being put out , is there any wonder that product loyalty is a thing of the past ?
 Edger deceased after twenty moderate yards . Buy local , and better yet , buy with a quick return policy such as Craftsman or Home Depot . It 'll save you time and travel , minor grief and heartburn despite any few dollar difference .
 Our homeowners asso said we had to edge our walks and driveway or get fees . So we traded a birthday gift for this edger . But it did not work ... chewed up the ground in fact . Ended up having to pay someone to come and do it with their own edger -LRB- that looked like a piece of junk beside this one -RRB- but it did the job.I finally found a job -LRB- we were both laid off -RRB- . . so am saving to buy one at WalMart or Lowes where I can return it if it does not work right .
 Item was advertised as `` NEW '' . Shipment arrived in original box that had been cut and opened then taped closed . The edger was dirty and had scratches on it . No papers , warranty , or directions in the box . Edger performed well , but do not believe it is `` NEW . ''
 I have had this less than 6 months . The blade does not penetrate enough depth to properly cut a decent edge . Perhaps the blade is dulled as others comment in this thread . Currently , I have to go over it 2-3 times waisting my valuable time . I can not recommend this unit . Good Luck if you buy it . Funny thing is the B&D rep who was in the isle at Lowe 's gave great assistance and also commented to the fact that blades are available . LOL ... RETURNED FOR CREDIT REFUND . A PIECE OF KRAP .
 I received this edger as a gift and only used it three times before the motor burned out . It had been doing a nice job on the driveway so I tried doing along the gutter . About the time I finished -LRB- maybe 15 minutes total -RRB- the motor sputtered and then died . Black and Decker said the motor burned out and would not honor their two year warranty , so I got nothing ! Black and Decker is not what it used to be !
 This is a terrible edger and does not do a good job at all . I have had this over a year , so I have had plenty of experience with it . I have had to use it in trenching mode to even get it to edge . I do not recommend this product , and recommend getting a gas edger instead . I wish I had never gotten it and am now looking for a decent edger that can do the job .
 I think most of the people giving this edger a 5 star rating have not had a gas edger . Coming from a gas edger I was dissapointed in the power and cutting ability of this edger . I had one of the little two-stroke gas edgers before this one and I thought I would try electric but I was sorry I did . Even the little bitty gas edger put this one to shame in power and cutting quality . This edger only cuts about 60 % of the grass and the rest it pushes away ! It makes the job harder to because it barely has enough power making you the operator put forth more work to get it through the grass . It does not cut nearly as sharp an edge as a gas edger either . I took mine back to Lowes and got there 5 HP 4 cycle Model 554 Troy-Bilt for $ 250.00 and boy am I glad I did . Effortless power , easy to start , no cord hassel , and way a better cutting job . I tried electricity and I am back to gas . If you have n't tried gas you owe it to yourself to try one . You will never go back to electric.Dennis Mau
 I have used a gas edger for years . In an effort to appease my `` Green '' wife , when it came time to replace the old edger I went with the B&D after reading all the reviews . NEVER AGAIN ! I remember now why I like my gas edger - NO CORD - and much more power . Every gas edger I have ever owned has had a guide to keep it next to the walk , not so on the B&D and it is very hard to keep a straight line or even judge where the walk is . I even tried switching to trenching mode and that was even worse . I have given this model 2 seasons worth of second chances and I am done . I will be going back to the gas powered Weed Eater like I had before . Not sure why I ever left it - oh yeah , doing my part in being green . Well the air may have been cleaner around my house but the lawn certainly was n't .
 The base is too light and the handle is too heavy thus it keeps falling over . It does n't work well if the edge is thick and the dirt is wet . It cuts fine with traight line but left a very weird shape and does not handle the curve well at all . It cuts the line but can not remove the grass between the line and the cement/edge . It chews up the grass and gets cloged up quickly inside the blade cover . The thing is sort of cheap looking especially the wheels . I tell you I swear a lot when using this thing . Not worth 80 bucks .
 Iam unsucessfully trying to return this Edger , Been sent on a goose chase and Bic is n't taking incoming calls do to inventory ? I have left 5 messages and e-mailed them concerning their policy on returning items , they have n't bothered to return my mail or calls . I am not happy with the short handle on this edger nor the strength of the machine .
 It wo n't cut the grass , it just crush . . you wo n't get a fine cut . . it does n't have enough power too , going for return to HD . Do n't waste money . .
 I bought the Black & Decker LE750 Heavy Duty Edge Hog 2-in-1 Landscape Edger because I thought it would be easier to use than the GH400 Grass Hog . Not so , I tried used the product but went back to the grass hog . Its okay for digging trenches - if thats all you need it for . Unless I 'm overlooking the obvious , its of little use to me .
 I find this edger does remain in the edger position when in use . I have to shift it back to the edger position about every 10 feet ,
 This is an edger that will work great for maybe a season . Pay extra and buy a better edger from any other company.My edger seems to have one fatal flaw . The unit tends to overheat . The brushings are held in with plastics . Run the unit hard for a bit on a summer day and the motor melts.I smelled more burning plastic then cut grass when using this unit . The motor lasted long enough to show some spectacular sparks . If the grass was dry this would have been a fire hazard.The repair costs about $ 20 for new brushings and shipping . They were out of stock and I had to back order . Few weeks later I had two new tiny bits of plastic attached to a thin strip of metal.I cleaned the unit -LRB- disassembled and cleaned the blade -RRB- and was careful to run the unit for no more than a few minutes at a time with rests in between . The second set of brushings failed after a few uses . I gave up and have gone back to a 20 year old rusted edger that still soldiers on.This will be the nicest looking piece of trash that I 'll have had the pleasure of disposing of .
 I purchased this edger to replaced one like it that I used successfully for several years . It was light weight and easy to use with good results . Unfortunately , edgers like this were unavailable in the local market , so I bought one on line , refurbished with a 2 year warranty . After using it , perhaps twice , the present edger resembled the old edger did ... it did not edge . I contacted the shipper who directed me to Black and Decker who referred me to the agent in New Orleans who advised me to bring the edger in for repair . New Orleans is at least 75 miles from my home and it will be a pain in the neck for me to get there . Meanwhile , the grass is growing over the walkways . I am so disappointed .
 This seller shipped me a completely thrashed and damaged edger -LRB- we ordered a NEW edger -RRB- . I am not exaggerating when I say it looked like atruck had run over it ! They denied sending me a used/damaged item , did not apologize or offer to resend a new one.I had to argue to get a refund which they did eventually do . It even had grass clippings in it!They should have apologized and sent me a NEW edger . Extremely disappointing.I would never buy anything from this seller , be forewarned .
 The device works okay when it occasionally works . The height adjustment seemed to regularly drop and end up gouging the lawn . More importantly , however , is the fact that the manual for this thing is worthless . There is no part number for a replacement blade . I bought a 7.5 inch B&D blade from Ace , but it flew off . It was not the right blade . It is virtually impossible to locate a blade replacement part number . I still can not locate it . Home Depot surely does not sell it . Unless you want to have to buy a new edger every time the blade fades , avoid this contraption .
 Took it out and assembled it in about ten minutes . Unfortunately , it ran for about ninety seconds on the edge of my lawn and stopped , never to restart . Checked the circuit and extension cord , all were sound . The task should have been simple for a rudimentary edger . Had to send it back and finished the job by hand edger , which is what I was trying to avoid when I bought it . I expected something more than what I got and would expect Black & Decker to market a better product than this . Very disappointed .
 Purchaes at a local retail store and used approx . a dozen times over the last 2 years . Last time I used it the plastic handle broke off AND the small front wheel broke off -LRB- plastic hole elongated -RRB- . Bottom line ... cheap plastic junk ! This unit was n't inexpensive ... paid about $ 80.00 . I 'm going to spend a couple hundred and but a quality edger .
 The B&D LE 750 worked fantastic for about an hour , then just up and quit . I was n't even under much of a load at the time and I was using a very heavy duty -LRB- 10 guage -RRB- extension cord . I of made sure I had n't tripped a breaker . I definitely had power to the edger . It just quit . I ca n't return it once it 's been used , so I guess I 'll find out how good the B&D warranty process works .
 this product should not be on the market ... it clogs up with dirt , and is very hard to move along the edge ... I had one years ago that worked great , but this one is awkward and hard to manage .
 All the 4 & 5 Star reviews must be coming from those with simple , flat square lawns . It took me 45 minutes to edge my small lawn , but I have curves to get around , tighter spaces where the lawn meets the brick , and a lawn about 2.5 inches above the sidewalk . This thing made a complete MESS , got clogged early and often , and felt like I can cutting with a plastic toy , rather than a yard tool . Returning this today , and spending $ 300 + on a proper stick edger that will give me the professional cut I am seeking .
 I bought one of these units many years ago and it lasted a good long time , probably 10 years , and I have quite a bit of sidewalk and driveway to edge . Finally the first unit gave out so I gladly bought a second one . It lasted less than a year before the motor started to wear out . It now has so little power it 's useless . I 'm shopping for another model now .
 Real easy to assemble but the grass was over the driveway about three inches in places . I figured this would be real easy . Wrong I made five passes going slow back and forth and it only cut about 50 % of the grass that needed edging . Not a good purchase if you have St. Augustine grass
 I was initially enthused by the compact size of this trimmer , as I have a couple of small bushes that are hard to trim with a standard sized unit . This smaller trimmer , however , neither has the initial power nor the staying power to do the job ... at least for me.Fortunately , Amazon.com has a good return policy .
 I liked the shrubber initially , and even bought the extension handle attachment for using it overhead . This product seized up frequently , and the last time it remained seized even after I picked away the plant material . I can not figure how to take the blade apart to clean it . I thought about taking it to the local Black & Decker store for repair , but the store is no longer around . I visited Amazon with the intention of buying a new unit which would probably be cheaper than repairing this unit . However , reading the reviews reminds me about the seizing frequency and frustration , so perhaps I should not throw good money after bad .
 I 'm returning this item after one use . It just does n't have enough power to cut properly . The cuts remind me of a chewed dog bone . Not what I had in mind for pruning.I tried it to prune two holly bushes . That was mildly satisfactory except the cuts were poor . I also tried pruning some English Ivy . The vines would actually wedge between the blades and cause the cutting blade to `` seize up '' and I had to gently bang them to get them moving again . Now after about 1 hour of use , the blades do n't move freely enough to even work . I assume a good cleaning will make them work again . This is way too much maintenance . If you 're going cordless , pick a model with a bigger battery.Personally , I think I 'll stick with hand pruning . I do n't think it was much slower than trying to make this thing work . The 18 volt battery units are so heavy I do n't see how you could do much with them . The electric has the cord mess . I do n't have enough pruning that trying to make current units work is worth it . Too bad , I 'm all in favor of using a power tool whenever possible 8 - -RRB-
 Mine died yesterday ; after 3 years of on and off use the motor sparked , then smoked , then rocked the casing and then died . RIP.No complains while it was alive , it was good what it was designed for , i.e. light gardening work . The blowing power was adequate and it picked and mulched dry garden waste with ease.It was also relatively quiet and easy to operate.I 've been told that fixing this unit will be more expensive than bying a new one , so I guess I will be looking for a new one .
 These things are junk . They work great for a year or two and then the motor starts smoking , eventually dying . I have purchased 3 of these things . I 'm throwing out the 3rd one today . Yes , they are cheap but at this rate , the landfill is going to be piled high with these things .
 I bought one of these this fall . After using it for only about 2 hours something inside snapped and caused a grinding noise . I took it to the local B&D repair shop . Yep , it 's covered under warranty but it will take 4 weeks to get it done . I ended up buying a gas powered unit from Sears . At least I know that they will stand behind their products .
 Fall # 1 , had to replace the blade because it was rounded over from mulching leaves!Fall # 2 , was vacuuming for about 2 hours and smelled something that was like an electrical fire . Noticed arcing around the brushes of the motor ! Took it into the garage , turning it on would not even spin any more.I was on the fence about paying the $ 25 for a replacement motor for this $ 65 blower/vac . Then I read the reviews on here . I 'm looking at the Toro now ! Black & Decker always seems to get me with a low price and nice packaging . With the Leafhog and Grasshog dying on me this season , I 've finally learned my lesson . Stay away!Pros - The garbage can attachment is niceCons-Blade is weak , needs replaced each season.-Frequent clogs.-Motor seizure ! - Black & Decker durability !
 Bought the leaf hog last season and it worked very well for both blowing and vacuuming . I liked the speed of it for vacuuming up piles of leaves . Also the mulching of the leaves saved us a lot of money in leaf bags . The only problem was noise - you must wear ear plugs for sure . Last year , due to the great performance , I would have given this unit a 4 or 5 . This year after its second use the motor started smoking . On inspection I found , as others have , that the rear motor bearing had fallen out . A very poor design and a safety hazard ! I see on the B&D site that some of thier cordless power drills are being recalled due to a switch causing a fire hazard - it seems to me that this problem is at least as bad .
 I just bought one of these and was using it to clean up leaves . It did a nice job blowing and the vacuum function was fine . However , after using it for just under an hour -LRB- total -- that is , since taking it out of the box -RRB- , I shook the vac a little bit and the bag tore at one of the strap attachment points , leaving a one inch square hole . This was disappointing because it seemed like an otherwise excellent product .
 Thought this was a good buy for $ $ $ - But during use the Leaf hog started having a burning odor from the motor . The machine simply died during an easy day of use - I am going with the Echo ES 210 gas powered this next time - My advice is save your receipt if you have a leaf hog - you may need it !
 Blower power is reasonable but not great , not powerful enough to blow wet leaves . The vacuum does a reasonably good job if the leaves are dry and loose and the leaf collection system is used . I do n't recommend using the shoulder bag as it creates too much backpressure causing the system to easily clog . Plus the bag fills up too fast . If these were the only issues I would recommend this product due to it flexibility and cost . It can save the homeowner a great deal of time if the leaves are cleaned up while they are still dry and loose , especially when using the vacuum mode with collection system . But the two following issues that I have experienced cause me to pull this recommendation . First , in vacuum mode the impeller wears very quickly . In the second season I found the blower/vacuum power reduced due to impeller wear . It appears that the impeller will need to be replaced every year to keep the unit usable . Second , if just the right size rock is vacuumed into the impeller it will fire the rock out through the right side of the vacuum housing ! This is the side that feeds into the impeller or if you grab the leaf hog handles and look down the barrel it is the right side of the impeller . Do n't aim this side towards you and anyone else . Unfortunately I learned this the hard way . Due to the way I was holding the leaf hog it fired the rock through the impeller housing into my leg !!!! Luckily it was a cool day and I had on heavy jeans and long underwear . There was only a little blood ! Since my blower is still under warranty I hope the Black & Decker -LRB- B&D -RRB- repair dealer will make my unit better than new ! I really hope since my purchase in 2002 B&D has strengthened the impeller housing and improved the impeller !!!
 I purchased this blower/vacuum last fall . It blew out this spring . I live in a townhouse and even though there are a few trees around my home , it 's not exactly what you call a blower-intensive area . The little doohickey to hold the electrical cord extension was not good enough , and everytime I moved , the plug would come out , and start smoking . I guess you could argue that I could have tied the cord in a knot , etc. , to secure it to the blower , but I would argue that a feature like this is one of the main features in a blower , and the manufacturer should do it right . It also did n't do a good job vacuuming damp leaves . Everything kept getting stuck . I also forgot it was variable speed because of the way the thing was contructed . By the time that I realized that I could change the speed on the blower , it blew out . Pros are that it 's lightweight and easy to handle and it was easy to change from blower to vacuum/mulcher .
 I got two falls out of this leaf-vac before the little male-plastic bar that holds the fan/hand unit into the blowers female part broke as I cleared the 20th jam of the day today and tried to hook the unit back together.Before it broke ... it was heavy even empty and bulky to maneuver . It jammed very easy at the narrow hole from the machine to the bag.The bag was always flying off my shoulder no matter how I adjusted the strap.I give it a positive review for the blowing action . It blows grass off the driveway and walkway good . When it was n't jamming it sucked very dryloose leaves up . It jams on bunches and god forbid there is a little moisture on them.Won ' t buy a B&D ; replacement .
 I had a BV1500 for over 5 years that finally quit on me . I bought the high rated Toro model and it has its problems especially if you are a short man 5 ' 4 '' or a female of the same height . I fixed the Toro problem by cutting off 4 '' from the vacuum shute . It 's now comfortable to hold . Since two of us bag leaves we have two vac/blowers . We have a large watergarden and it 's a big job to vac leaves that get into the rocks and crevaces . I purchased the new design BV2500 and had a chance to try it out today . Why , why would any designer place the vac bag in front and between your legs ? It 's the most awkward design I have ever seen . B&D had a good design in their BV1500 model where they had a tube coming off the side and the bag was kept out of your way . It 's worthless as a vacuum but as a blower it might be ok . I have n't tried that yet . I end up crawling up and down my watergarden . I need something that 's easy to manuver . If I was standing in one spot and had a lot of leaves to vac I still would n't use the BV2500 . As the bag fills up it 's right between your legs . For this design to work I would lay the unit on the ground and feed the leaves into it by hand .
 I 'll start positive ... I loved the features and power of this blower . So far each unit I 've had was great for about 2 months of heavy leaf season ... then flames , smoke , and boom -- dead motor . Twice . Since the fan/vac is just hard plastic , if you suck up a small piece of mulch or too many sweet gum balls it just ca n't handle it . And if you 're like me , you think there 's a way to avoid it , but it 's just too difficult . There 's just no way to keep those things out of your leaf piles.I wonder what I should get now ... I 'm hooked on the leaf/mulcher concept ... if only they 'd last more than a season !
 This item works good when it works , HOWEVER . The motor is a total pos and it blows up right after about 5 hours usage . Approximately the number of hours that you would use it in one season . So then when you need to use it the next year after the leaves drop , your warranty is expired . So then you have to pay to fix it yourself . I think somebody at B&D ; deliberately designed them to fail just after the average number of hours use in the warranty period so the average Joe has replace them or repair at his own cost . The brushes in mine failed , and B&D ; wo n't sell the brushes alone - you have to buy the entire motor . By the way the people at B&D ; customer service are pretty surly , and are NOT helpful or knowledgable about the products they 're supporting . They played dumb about the problem with my motor . Judging from all of the other reviews -LRB- I wish my wife would have read them before buying -RRB- , theres more than one serious design flaw with the motor on this thing . I 'll NEVER buy another B&D ; item again after this experience.Anyway , for the price of repairing or replacing this pos every year you could hire the neighborhood kid to clean up your yard , and suck on some beers while he or she does the job for you .
 I had an older version of the Leaf Hog and had nothing but trouble with it . I had to rebuild the switch mechanism two times -LRB- plastic parts kept breaking -RRB- and then the motor died -LRB- bushings shot -RRB- and there were NO replacement parts available . B&D does not seem to put the quality into their products that they used to and are much more interested in selling new versions than in keeping older version in service . I am all for electric yard equipment -LRB- that 's all I own -RRB- , but recommend that you buy some other brand name .
 I got it to replace the exact B & D model that died after 4 yrs . The new one is n't the same quality as the old - it lacks power although the ratings are the same as the prior purchase . Maybe B & D changed to a cheaper mfg in China or something . I 'd NOT buy again , and probably wo n't buy anymore B & D outdoor equip as a result . Works ok , but I do n't expect it to last long .
 This seemed a pretty economical way to deal with leaves , however we discovered that on the high setting , the motor drew so much power that its electrical socket melted down . The socket soon caught fire and almost set the bag of leaves ablaze . After a good soaking with water , the whole thing ended up in the garbage can after about 1 month of use .
 I received this product and just tried it out -- It appears to have a short in the switch as it Kicks my 20 amp breaker out when I turn it on . I tried the 4500 unit and it works fine I need to return it to have it replaced Can You Help
 This thing sucks big time only 2 uses and the thing stopped working . After opening it up I found that 1 of the motor brushes disintegrated and B&D do n't sell those separately from the motor . I guess if you need a disposable leaf blower get a Black & Decker one . What a crappy product ! NEVER AGAIN 2 uses for $ 100 . If I can give them less that one star I would but that 's not an available option . Stay clear from that product and save your money .
 The Leaf Hog has promise , but the leaf collection system that `` Deposits leaves directly in the can ! '' is poorly executed . It amounts to a hose attached to a nylon `` cap '' that one must fasten around his or her own garbage can . Because it is `` one size fits all , '' it attaches with difficulty and is time consuming to effectively fasten . Further , using a nylon string , it must be cinched tightly enough to stay on . The locking device for cinching the string becomes clogged with dirt and debris , making it difficult to remove when one desires quick removal . Conversely , expect it to release unexpectedly and frequently , which I can assure you , it WILL do . Upon doing so , pulverized leaves will discharge everywhere . Most likely on YOU . Should you be hot/sweaty the leaves and debris will cling nicely . YUCK.The product would be MUCH improved by selling it with a garbage can made SPECIFICALLY for the device , one in which the `` Cap '' was moulded and vented , and would thus snap on and off QUICKLY and STAY ON .
 I received this as a gift and had pretty good luck using the blower and the vacuuming modes . Easy to switch between the two BUT the fifth time I used it the plug started smoking and had burned up ! This also destroyed my fairly expensive 16 gauge extension cord . The whole experience scared the bejesus out of me . I will not replace this with another B&D product . I did have an easy time returning this to Lowe 's . They gave me store credit since I did not have a receipt . Bonus ... they replaced my extension cord as well . This is a dangerous product in my opinion .
 I 'm not sure about this BV2500 but last fall I purchased Black & Deckers BV4000which is a 14amp version . From the moment I turned it on , the electric motor got hot , was making excessive sparks and was smoking . I just assumed the 14 amp motor was just getting broke in . I only used it twice last fall and put it away for next years leaves.Well this fall , during its second usage , the electric motor completely burned up and became unusable . When I purchase the BV4000 , I read thru all its poor reviews and purchased it anyways ... . BIG Mistake ! Searching this web site , I did ' t see the BV4000listed , big surprise . I will not purchase another Black & Decker electric product again , questioning the electric motors they use in their products and their quality control practices and policies .
 The second time I used it the product quit . I called B&D and they replaced it with a new product . I noticed on the one you sent that it was marked 2007 , the one B&D sent was marked 2010 . I will not buy anything from you that is mechanical .
 The motor is weak and ca n't get the job done unless u pinpoint the nozzle directly over the affected dirt . The Vacuum is not very strong neither and has problems , on my model the bag kept falling off by itself and the plastic tubes were n't sealed correctly .
 I 'm another owner of the B&D ; leaf hog who found it to work pretty well for a year , but just yesterday the motor started smoking , similar to what others have reported . So now I 'm trying to figure out if this thing is worth trying again , or if there is a better , more reliable model out there . I 'd rather pay a little more for a better made piece of equipment , but there does n't seem to be a lot of choice for moderately priced blower/vac units.Addendum
 This product has several design flaws that will render it useless in a short period of time . I used the Leaf Hog less than a year before it was no longer operational . The first flaw is the cheap plastic impeller that wears away quickly when the Leaf Hog is used in vacuum mode . The more significant flaw is the inadequate means the Leaf Hog uses to secure the brass bushing that supports the motor spindle . During use of the Leaf Hog the rear brass bushing that supports the motor spindle falls out , causing the motor to seize . There is no mechanism to hold the brass bushing in place besides a tight fit into the plastic hole of the motor frame . After reinstalling the bushing , it fell out after a short period of use . I recommend against the purchase this product until Black & Decker resolves these problems .
 I had this product for about 15 months and the motor burned up . I did n't use it a great deal either . I would not recommend this product .
 To the extent that this piece of molded plastic can be a durable leaf vacuum/blower , it is not . The cheap brass bearing on the motor housing eventually works its way off and with the brushes kitty wumpus on the commutator the unit starts to vibrate and growl like crazy , the sparks fly , and the smell of hot metal permeates the air . After a dozen or so uses , the twist on bag looses its friction fit and falls off the unit . The really cheap zipper on the bag ... and the light weight impeller ... and so on . The best part of this unit is the 12 inch extension cord.When it works it works really good but it does n't work very long .
 I 'm not that `` enthusiastic '' about picking up leaves from the 6 oaks on my property but I like this product overall . I 've received one replacement under warranty already -LRB- a complete new one in the box -RRB- because BD wo n't spend an extra dollar to put a roller or ball bearing in the commutator end frame ! They use a cheap , unlubricated brass -LRB- ? -RRB- bushing that has worn out AGAIN on the replacement . The tool gets noisey , starts vibrating and exhibits sparks in the casing . I can replace the motor for about $ 22 but I find this most annoying . I 've got other garden equipment that I 've used for years without ANY repairs . C'mon B&D , upgrade !
 Very poor internal design of the motor.Afre two years of moverate use a brass bushing on the back of the motor worked itself loose . There is NOTHING other than friction keeping the bearing in place.I replaced the bearing on two different occasions and now it wont stay on at all . A VERY poor design ... which shows that B&D ; dosent care about the product . This wasnt just a simple malfunction or damage . It is a desighn flaw.As others have mentioned the impellers get chewed up quickly if you vacume up anything more dense than a twig .
 I should have read the reviews before purchasing this unit last fall . It worked well for vacuuming the leaves the one time I used it last fall , and blowing the grass off the sidewalk in the summer . However , when it came to this fall , and the leaves , this unit became useless very quickly . The rear bushing on the motor fell out causing the motor to seize . This forced me to go back to the old rake , which ended up being much faster . My belief is that it should have lasted longer than a year -LRB- actually , a year and 10 days -RRB- . I do plan on replacing the unit , but I 'll buy from another manufacturer that does n't do the `` planned obsolescence '' thing .
 I bought this and spent the weekend with it . I almost returned it after I opened the box and looked at the overall manufacturing quality . I almost returned it after using it for an hour or 2 . The blower function works good -LRB- that 's why I gave 2 stars -RRB- ; the vacuum function does not work so well . The thing is quite loud too . I would be surprised if this lasts a year with occasional use . Heads Up B&D and other American manufacturers - consumers would be willing to pay a bit more for better product quality and durability .
 I must attest to the customer who experienced the brass bushing design flaw . Once this bushing fell out , the motor seized and even re-installing could not wake this hog up . I did not use my blower for more than 8 hours total of just blowing . I had the unit for over a year .
 Burning ... Burning ... Took the motor apart , and I 'm no electrician . My bearing looks fine , but both brushes were actually fractured . I AM a metallurgical engineer , and am not suprised at the fractures originating from the notches where the springs set in the brush ... the heat , vibration , and notch all make for a perfect crack initiation site . I 'll probably spend the $ 25 for a replacement motor , and hope for another season . Wish I would have checked out the reviews before buying it in the first place .
 Well , the thing worked OK for one season , and then the motor started to wheeze and shreik , the smell of burning wire permeated the air , and the Leaf Hog went to Hog Heaven . Look elsewhere and save yourself some money !
 We bought this product right after moving to Arizona , before we knew how tough desert landscaping is . Out here , landscaping is rocks and colored gravel in lieu of grass , so a yard blower needs infinite power variation for strong airflow to get yard debris off boulders and stones , but light airflow not to spray gravel all over . Though this product has plenty of blower power , its blower speed variation is not enough to accomplish this . A bigger problem is the plastic impeller , which is too soft to withstand the universally sharp and sere plant debris from bougainvillea , citrus , palms , pines , pods , oleanders , etc. , that are vacuumed ; and pea gravel , which is everywhere and unavoidably gets into the vacuum , tears the blades even worse . The result is that after the second year the product would barely mulch or have suction because the blades were so chewed . Back home this product would probably be OK , but desert landscaping requires metal blades and an infinitely variable blower .
 Purchased this last week and used it for the first time yesterday . Seems very underpowered to me . Tried adjusting the air speed to the max and still had to almost push a small stone with the tip of the blower to get it to move . Seems like you have to be on top of the leaves to get them to move . Maybe I will try it again and have better results . I really miss my old Toro that was over 10 years old before it died . That thing was great .
 Not worth the money or effort , it constantly clogs up , so you need to constantly unclog it . I rather rake and pick the leaves up myself , it 's quicker ...
 They are good for two uses tops . My first one burt up a motor in 15 minutes . The second made it to the second chore before the motor burnt up again .
 I would not recommend this item . After a single use as a vacuum , the plastic housing and impellor will be damaged.Seems like a strong blower -LRB- until you break the housing or wear down the impellor with a pebble , as I did on the very first usage -RRB- . B&D sent a replacement housing -LRB- begrudgingly -RRB- , but refused to replace the impellor.With shipping , a new impellor is about $ 15 . You 'd be better off spending the extra money on a better blower / vac from the get-go .
 I had mine for 2 years - probably a total of 18 hours of operation - and the thing burnt itself to a crisp . The motor caught on fire last week , about 2 hours shy of finishing the fall yard clean-up . For the past ~ 8 hours of operation , the motor was getting louder & shaking more & more . Finally sparks and flames came out the side , signaling the end . I unplugged it and watched it smoke.Even when it was new it would jam up w / mulched leaves every 5 - 10 minutes in vacuum mode , and when you switched it from suck to blow , it did n't have enough oomph to push a large pile of leaves.Although it was cheap -LRB- I think I paid $ 85 @ Lowes -RRB- , I 'm not going to buy another one . I 'd rather spend a little more on something that will hopefully last longer , and wo n't leave a black scar on my sidewalk .
 Only used 6 times and motor started to burn out . I do n't recommend buying based on the number of reviews that has similiar problems . B&D should recall these items .
 To who it should concern , I have enjoyed using my BV2500 Leaf hog Vac 'N' Mulch for about three times to remove leaves from the surface of my yard which is covered in Decomposed Granite at a size of 1/4 '' minus . As a blower , I have never used better ! However , do n't give out any high fives ! As a Vac 'N' Mulch it has a bit to be desired . It has the horse power , and plenty of wind speed as a blower however , as a vacuum it has become very whimpy and will hardly pickup a small amount of only dry leaves . Having gotten frustrated about it , I removed the attachment to find the impeller is almost half gone from the small amount af abrasion from the small rocks or debri other than leaves . In fact , one of the things that I bought it for was to help pickup pine needles and leaves . It does a poor job with pine needles and after only three uses it is half as good as it was new . The overall equipment is excellent but definitely not worth the money at half the price , if it does n't last long enough to get it dirty or scratch it at least once ! I would be willing to put a new impeller on mine and carry on using it only as a blower if I could find a way to get another one . Please advise your engineers to go for a bit more quality and help me fix mine if you can . I 'd like to suggest an aluminum impeller or perhaps more of a high tech plastic . That might get some more longevity as a vacuum and you are already tooled for plastic . See what you can do for me , please ...
 I bought the Leaf Hog in May 03 and used it for one season of moderate use . The blower worked well but the vacuum had problems . It only worked well with dry leaves , and then only until the bag was about half full . The impeller also wears away very quickly . In April 04 , during a Spring cleanup the engine emitted a burning smell and the unit died . I took it to a service center and after a couple of weeks they replaced the unit with a new one -LRB- which now includes the attachment that connects to a garbage can -RRB- . I suspect that the new unit will not last much longer than the first . I can not recommend a product with a life span of one year of moderate use .
 Overall - poor vacuum/mulcher design . If you want to use it as a blower only , then give it 5 stars . I only used this unit for half an hour before I realized that I made a mistake for buying it . On the box it specifically says that it can handle small twigs and pine cones . Well , a small twig smaller than the size of a drinking straw got caught in the nozzle , while rubbing against the * plastic * chopping blade . The friction caused the plastic blade to melt , and the twig started smoking . When I stopped the unit and opened it up , I found a groove cut into the chopping blade . Let 's say that the little twig won this battle . The unit 's performance was significantly reduced at this point . They should have used a more durable metallic chopper . Also the pine cones were not getting chopped , but were simply bouncing off the chopper blade endlessly , further wearing it down .
 This is the second B&D blower vac that I have owned . The first was used both as a blower and vac . The motor burned up after 4 seasons . I bought replacement brushes and a switch that failed -LRB- B&D refused to replace the motor -RRB- . I foolishly bought another B&D blower vac -LRB- on impulse , since I needed one right away and it was the only one available at the time at my local home center -RRB- that has lasted short of two seasons only as a blower . The bearings seized . Poor quality throughout . Poor balance for holding the tool .
 This is a great product , except that the zipper on the bag continually breaks . I am on my third bag in a single year . If they just made the zipper better , this product would rock . Until they do , I would never recommend this to anyone .
 My resent birthday gift -LRB- Leaf Hog , BV2500 -RRB- is a total dissapointment . It does n't blow the leaves very far and as far as the vac mode is concerned , you might as well use your house vac instead . I do not recommend this product .
 Whilst at a construction trade show I overheard two B & D reps talking . One said `` the construction grade tools are well designed , but the consumer drills , for example are designed for a twelve hour life '' . This is not unrealistic for a weekend warrior who might use the drill once or twice a year , drilling the occasional holes.The Leaf Hog is apparently in the same category , based on sterling initial reviews , I put my doubts aside and bought one . With about 35 hours of use , it has quit.Buyer beware !
 I have had a BV2500 for two years If the vacuum bag gets over 1/4 full or the clip type lever gets a little loose watch it the bag blows off and all the chopped up leaves and dust blows right in your face . I complained to B&D and they sent me a new bag . Right away the new bag blew off . They sent me a new improved bag , -LRB- it has a black latch instead of orange . -RRB- It lasted a little while then poof ! it went too . I resorted to modifying the bag with two bolted on `` c '' clamps screwed on and it works fairly well except it is no longer easy to empty . Also the high speed part of the switch is tempermental and only works 50 % of the time .
 I have a puny yard and only use the vacuum/mulcher to suck up leaves and grass clippings which seem to get everywhere . After about half a dozen uses , it got a hole in the bag . B&D ; documentation includes this whole pitch about how they care about quality and to contact them . They do n't . I got the run-around . The replacement bags cost almost half as much as the Leaf Hog . That 's where they make the money . I never even got a chance to wear out the plastic impeller that others complain about . Very dissatisfied.Update
 I have always liked and been satisified with Black & Decker products I have bought or used and considered them reliable . This blower vacuum is more powerful but heavier than the WeedEater one I got from my deceased father-in-law about 10 yrs . ago . It is easier to attach the bag to my new Black and Decker BUT IT IS EVEN EASIER FOR IT TO BECOME DETACHED WHILE IN USE . I have used it 3 times to vacuum leaves , each time filling a large -LRB- 4.5 ' x 10 ' -RRB- utility trailer . The leaves were vacuumed and mulched well , but the job took forever because the bag would blow off the vacuum about every 2 min . I averaged re-attaching the bag about 3.5 times for each bag of leaves I vacuumed up . There is no mechanism for locking the back in place . One twists it on , but it twists right off with the motion of using the vacuum . If a replacement part were still made available for my old WeedEater , I would go back to using it -- lighter , did an excellent job , and I could accomplish the same task as I did with this BD Blower/Vacuum but in half the time . This problem is also a potential safety risk since an object could be blown out and strike a person or object that was near by when the bag blew off and before the device could be shut off . AVOID BUYING THIS PRODUCT .
 I ordered this blower by black/decker , started it for first time-burnt out after few minutes . Returned and got a replacement of same item-same problem again . Bought a toro from home depot and is working fine .
 Well , I thought I received a good deal . But on my third use it literally burned up as I was useing it . Im bummed .
 Works great as a blower , but as a vacuum it leaves a lot to be desired . The way the bag attaches to the unit is poorly designed and stuff blows out of the poor seal making a big mess . Sometimes the latch fails completely and the bag blows off . Removing the bag for emptying is also very messy . I would not recommend this product .
 I 've used the BV2500 for 1 year.The Good
 Have a lawn with several 40yr old Maples , 130yr old Pecans , 150yr old Post Oaks . Also have 100 ft. of 40 yr old Red Tip Shrubs Leaves and small branches are a constant battle . Hoped to find a system which would help me save time trying to handle the leaves . This thing seemed cheaply made and was so noisy that my ears ached for three hours after only running the equipment for twenty minutes . It kicked up more soil than leaves and while I used the special direct to trash can feeder and purchased a trash can with wheels , it was still extremely awkward and inefficient . ... This was more trouble than help .
 I bought this for myself for quick porch and yard cleanups between professional landscaper maintenance visits , so it was only used about 8 - 10 times for less than a half hour each time for the period from 2002 to Fall 2005 . It just up and died on its second time out in the Fall of 2005 . that seems to be my history with Black and Decker products .
 This is the second B&D blower vac that I have owned . The first was used both as a blower and vac . The motor burned up after 4 seasons . I bought replacement brushes and a switch that failed -LRB- B&D refused to replace the motor -RRB- . I foolishly bought another B&D blower vac -LRB- on impulse , since I needed one right away and it was the only one available at the time at my local home center -RRB- that has lasted short of two seasons only as a blower . The bearings seized . Poor quality throughout . Poor balance for holding the tool .
 For sucking up and mulching regular leaves -LRB- mulberry , maple , liquidamber -RRB- it works great . For Magnolia leaves forget it . You 'll get about a season out of it , less if your tree is large . The impeller is plastic and the leathery leaves just eat it up . I 've burned 3 of these up on magnolia leaves . They plug the intake quite easily and the load burns up the motor .
 Had it 2 years , only used the blower function , light duty . Year one , on off switch malfunctioned . Year 2 on off switch totally quits.Had a Brush hog string trimmer it also lasted 2 years . From now on I think I 'll just avoid the B&D brand altogether . They used to make a good product in the 60 's and and 70 's , but the last 2 items I got from them are a total waste of good money.SAVE YOUR MONEY DON `` T BUY IT ! JUNK JUNK JUNK
 I purchased the Leaf hog 8 months ago . In the second month of use the Quick release latch for the Blower/Vac attachment broke . The next month the shoulder bag developed a tear -LRB- Hole -RRB- at the point were the shoulder strap attaches to the bag . This causes the dust and mulch to be blown directly at your head.The replacement bag costs 1/3 the price of the entire unit!Over all the Vac/Mulching system works well , it picks up large debris without clogging and mulches small twigs and fruit pits well .
 We have had ourleaf hog for a little over a year . After using it for three times the off button stopped working ! the only way to turn it off was pulling the plug . Also the on / off button is labelled so poorly that when the unit is dusty one can not tell the difference between the on/off button and the button that takes of the housing covering the impeller . After my husband cut his leg with the rotating impeller and not able to turn off the unit we stopped using this horrilbe product . I just looked to see if it has been recalled . Watch out people !
 I used it twice for total of three hours when the clip that holds the attachments Vac/Blow on broke . I was nosing around the bushes for leaves , but 2-5 lbs of nudging for leaves in the hedge/bushes should n't break the connecting latch . I Wish I could upload the picture I have of the Design Flaw -LRB- planned ? -RRB- The Button latch you push down to release the attachments is not solid plastic or metal -LRB- which it should be -RRB- , but rather outline framed . All the hollow material that this latch is make of is smaller than the letter `` T '' at 36 point font size ! It is a major design flaw!If you do n't mind holding the attachments on by hand or maybe tape it ; is a Great Product . I took it back and got a Gas Ryobi Combo , Dual piped do n't have to change attachments for Vac/Blow just flip the level , which will probably break in too in ? hours of use . : P
 It worked great as a blower , but after 1 season , the motor end bearing disintegrated allowing the shaft and commutator to jump around . This caused the motor brushes to spark excessivily causing massive wear and overheating -LRB- the ozone smell that others have reported -RRB- . Clearly a major design flaw in the motor .
 Only buy the B&D LeafHog blower/vac if you do n't mind throwing it away after one season . It is so cheaply made it probably wo n't last much more than that . Mine had the same fate as others have reported
 Comparing specifications , this leaf blower looks like a good value but it does n't deliver . Although it should have plenty of power , it struggles with more than a light dusting of leaves . It has even more trouble moving damp leaves or matted pine straw . Getting the most effective angle with the downward-angled nozzle is challenging . If you use two hands it may be acceptable , but if you plan to use it one-handed , the balance , ergonomics and switch location make it a loser . It 's balanced so that it points down at a 45 degree angle , blowing debris up in the air rather than away . Aiming it upward improves the performance , but at the cost of comfort and ease of one-hand use . And at least as it balances in my hand , the power switch is VERY convenient , so much so that I keep accidentally turning it off . Additionally , the base is rounded so it rolls when you set it down . I 'm cheap , and I really like to get my money 's worth out of a tool -LRB- the last blower lasted 12 years before giving up the ghost -RRB- but I 'm going to send this one to Goodwill and look for a better designed leaf blower . Sorry , B&D , you 've improved your tools in recent years , but this one does n't blow me away . -LRB- Sorry , could n't resist ! -RRB-
 After using a bv1000 for about 15 years I was disappointed with this one . It is very unbalanced and hard to use for a blower with one hand . I would return it if I did n't have to pay shipping of $ 16 plus . The change from blower to vac is nice though.In this world if you like a product it might be best to buy a second one because it seldom is an improvement when changes are made .
 This product is heavy , cumbersome , and each time I used it as a vaccum , the bag seperated from the unit . It is difficult to carry the bag while it is inflated by the blower . The suction is very powerful lifting 2-3 `` rocks as well as leaves so you need to adjust how low you can use it . Using the blower causes a debris shower that is difficult to control . Better have your steel toe shoes , unbreakable visor , and liability insurance paid up before using this . I bought it because I can not bend anymore , this unit is way too unyeildly to use well .
 This is the second such product I have owned . The first allowed you to change from blower to vac with the flick of a lever , this one ... you have to stop everything , and change out half the machine.Pro
 I ordered the Black & Decker 12-AMP Electric Blower/Vacuum/Mulcher #BV 2500 , it was $ 55.56 when i ordered it , and i cose two day shipping for an extra $ 12.66 . Unlike any of the other 200 + items I 've ordered from Amazon , for some reason this item required someone to actually be home to sign for the item so I got to sit and watch it not get delivered each day as the price dropped a couple of dollars each day after I ordered it and realized that I could 've just bought the item at a local hardware store for a better price and less hassle . As I write this review the current price is at $ 49.99 . When I finally received the item I soon realized that the package had been re-taped and was obviously USED , with missing packaging , manuals , warranty card and obvious wear and tear on the blower itself . Rather than fight with Amazon 's return policy and go through even more hassle I decided to just live with it and take it as a lesson learned.The blower itself seems really powerful and really moves the leaves around . The mulcher seems a little scary as it actually seems to suck up small twigs and debris better than leaves and makes some pretty disturbing noises as they try to go through .
 I got this blower last week and , the first time out vacuuming , the engine began to smoke before shutting down completely after less than five minutes of use.I 'm returning this one to Amazon immediately and crossing my fingers that the replacement will be less explosive .
 This has been a one-time use product . The second time I went to use it it burned up . I guess you get what you pay for . I would not buy this product again .
 I purchased this edger , because I love the bump feed as opposed to the auto feed trimmers which I have never had luck with . The bump feature did not work well for me with this trimmer . Because of this , I am constantly having to turn the trimmer over to re-feed the line . This trimmer is a joke and can not be recommended .
 Decided to do my own lawn work so I bought this , an electric mower and other stuff , it was n't too hard to set up , the first time I used it , it was great , the next time I used it , it started off well then I smelt burning , smoke came out of the casing and I decided I 'd better quit before it exploded or something . I called amazon and they promised a refund . I heard B&D were good , so I am hoping this is just a one-off . I wish the instructions were clearer too , like what do you do with the lengthening spool , trim it off ? leave it ?
 Pros - cheapCons - There is just no other way to put it . This is crap . You have to constantly fix the string , unplug turn it upside down take off the cap -LRB- and this is not easy , I am 62 and have small hands and ca n't reach and use the pressure needed to remove . I have to use something to pry it open . Then minutes later I am doing it all over and over and over . I never even made it to the back yard before I threw the dam thing away .
 It is absolutely useless as the edger because the string keeps snapping from the inside , so you have to disassemble it every time it happens -LRB- and it happens often -RRB- . It does ok as a trimmer . The customer service if horrible and manual that comes with it is vague and useless . Do not buy this cheap piece of junk .
 This worked quite well the first four times I used it.Like most string trimmers , you frequently need to take the spool off and rewind the line . But before the `` new had worn off '' the trimmer , the spool got stuck . The bottom would no longer push in to tap out more line and the spool would not come off the trimmer without a great deal of force . I finally was able to remove the spool ; although the spring appeared to be fine , the tapping action no longer worked to feed the line.The price of this unit is low , but I still expected it to last longer than this . I did not get my money 's worth .
 I received this last week and went to work on our yard which has not been landscaped yet . When I ran into a large weed like a milkweed the thing bogged down and broke off the string inside the spool . It 's nothing more than a toy and the landed price ... is way out of line . Back to SEARS . In the future all of my purchases from AMAZON will be books !!!
 This is a TOY , and not as advertised.The trimmer line snaps at the least -LRB- weed -RRB- or tough grass.Would really like my money back , but do not want to bear the expense of return shipping.I probably will not purchase from this site again .
 Buyers should be aware this trimmer requires a cord . You will need to buy a long extention cord for this . Has no battery . Once you buy the cord at your local hardware store and try it , the trimmer does work fairly well for light work .
 B&D will not provide instructions on-line for rewinding the spool . They will only tell you how to buy new spools . Their own spools have a `` REWIND LINE '' directional arrow ... but this is a single line spool and they do n't tell you which of the four holes or two anchor notches to use , or the manner in which to secure the line.Can ' t call them ... they work bankers hours Mon-Fri ... useless for the average weekend warrior . I certainly do n't do yardwork in the middle of the workday . Nor would my employer appreciate my use of the phone for weed whacking advice.I am forced to go to the local hardware store and buy a new spool and do the detective work myself . This seems a bit selfish of B&D . . . withholding the information just so they can sell new spools.Also , after three uses , the string guard broke off . Now , there is nothing to keep the proper distance from walls , shrubs , trees , etc. . So the string breaks faster . But at least B&D will sell you a new spool!Recommendation
 I purchased this edger a few years ago . It seemed to work fine at first but , the only issue I have with it is the string . When the last of the string is gone , you have to take a spool of string purchased and pull enough string for this edger and wrap around the spool . The problem is that when you place the cap back on to keep the spool in place , it sometimes pops off when you press the trigger . Once or twice the spool cap popped off and struck me in the face . It was a good thing I was wearing eye and face protection . Do n't ever operate one of these edgers without face protection . When the strong hits rocks they go flying . I always tell my wife to make sure our daughter is no where around when I 'm operating this devise and that includes my wife too ! I ended up buying a gas powered one made by Craftsman .
 This sprayer performed great while the batteries were charged . The pressure was even and the tip made a nice , fine spray . The trouble is no matter how long I charged the batteries , they would go dead after spraying only about 1.5 gallons of liquid -- they could n't even empty one tank-full of liquid . This caused big problems for the project I was working on . The product description says that it can spray `` up to '' 9 gallons of liquid on a single battery charge . Either my unit has some battery problems or B&D is wildly exagerating . ...
 I am deeply disappointed in this B&D sprayer . The threads on the tank hose connection were badly formed and , under pressure , blew the hose connection off dousing me with a tankful of Roundup . I contacted B&D and they sent a replacement tank , with threads like the first . Since their closest service center is 80 miles away and Amazon.com was kind enough to provide me with a prepaid return label , I chose to return the product for a refund . I viewed a friend 's tank purchased three years ago and the threads were `` V '' shaped , sharp and deep , unlike those on either tank I was provided . Obviously B&D is having problems and one should avoid this product until they are corrected .
 Works find on level ground . If ground is n't level unit will turn over . Wheel base needs to be wider to correct problem .
 If your area has a few Hydroponic stores call around . I called one and told them i wanted 10 bags . They told me $ 11.00 a bag . I called another store and told them i could get it for $ 11.00 , The new store knocked it down to $ 10.00 . I called another store and told them i could get it for $ 10.00 they knocked it down to $ 9.00 . . Competition . . I ended up purchasing 10 bags for $ 90.00 out the door . I got 4 bags for the price of one bag on here . Even $ 15.00 - $ 12.00 is way too much . Its just soil . Lol . . Its like shopping for a car . . Never buy the 1st one you see . Shop around .
 I used to love this soil until it was bought out by Monsanto . Now , the batches of soil are made in such large quantities that each bag varies in quality . Not to mention , I do n't buying soil from the corporate giant that supports genetic modification of food and a very un-organic way of agriculture . It is not the same product that it once was .
 That price is a complete and total rip-off . go to garden supply store and purchase this same ammount for $ 12 .
 I bought the CST 2000 several years ago -LRB- about 6 years -RRB- . It was a great tool intially , but two to three years ago it began to go downhill . The battery life has been fine ; however , the cutting head began to lose power after about 5 minutes of use . It will cut fine for five minutes and then the motor makes a whirring noise once the motor heats up as if a shaft is stripped or slipping , but the head does not develop enough power to cut . It will speed up under no load , but as soon as the grass is in the way , it coasts to a stop while the motor continues to run fast . I have a corded Grass Hog I was given by a neighbor in 2002 , and it still runs fine as does my old HEAVY WeedEater . I got the CST2000 so I could stop dragging a cord around and the fact that it may take $ 60 to fix it is unwelcome especially since the repair shops are 40 + miles away and it was pretty expensive to begin with . This expensive tool should be of better quality than it is . We 're only talking about a yard that is about 1/10th acre , so this is not a tough place to trim , nor it it a large load on the tool . Highly disappointed with B&D on this one .
 Uh , this thing did n't last but two weeks when I had to tape together the bottom . Just normal use . The cheap price obviously was related to a run of these through the factory where the injection mold malfunctioned . QC picked it up and rather than take the tax loss they shipped them with the full knowledge that they would fail under normal use .
 I have owned this thing for 3 years , and use it to cut the weeds that grow seasonally on the hill behind my house . I got it because the distance is too far from an electrical outlet and I did n't want the hassle of a gas-driven unit.What I learned :1 . The battery takes forever to charge .2 . The battery only holds up for about 400-600 square feet .3 . The engine has died on me after only five uses.In other words , for my needs , this thing was overmatched . If all you are doing is trimming the edge of the lawn around your pool , it should be fine . For serious jobs , forget it . This one should not be considered.It was a nice `` experiment '' while it lasted . My next one will be gas-powered .
 Absolute junk . AFS system does not work . I have to manually refeed the line . I have not had the patience to complete edging my yard during the course of a single day because I spend greater than 50 % time popping off the spool cap and manually refeeding the line . It takes about an hour to edge 150 feet , because the line breaks and needs to be manually refed every 1 to 3 minutes . Please do n't buy this .
 Do n't know how ANYONE except B&D ; can claim good battery life on this thing !!! 15 minutes if you are lucky . B&D ; could n't care less ! Will NOT buy another one ! Rating should be `` 0 ''
 After only 1/2 a season the `` auto '' line feed stopped . The trimmer works great , just have to stop every 3 min and manually get more line out . B & D product support HaHa !! The web site they have listed is not functional , just like their product .
 Manufacture says will trim 1/2 acre on single charge , but I can never completely complete the edging of my small front lawn and median on a single charge , much less do any triming . Also the plastic handle broke and have since had to jury rig a fix for it .
 The quality of the construction of this trimmer is very good . Black and Decker has a good reputation , but for -LRB- price -RRB- , I think they need to go back to the drawing board with this one . The two issues I have are weight and power . 13 lbs may not seem like much , but after trimming my lawn for a few minutes , my arm nearly fell off . This thing is too heavy ! Also , for a 12 volt cordless system , there is not enough power to trim efficiently . I frequently found myself going back and doing the same area due to the slow rotation of the trim line . I 've had the Weed Eater for years and I 'll think I 'll get a new one of those . The B&D is going back .
 The yearly ritual around our house for the backyard garden is to trim and weed out the overgrowth that magically appears every springtime . We have had gardeners do the job , but this was not looking looking too good since it was costing quite a bit when we totalled the yearly maintainance fees . I wanted a weeder/trimmer that was non-gasoline powered and cordless too . I saw the B&D Grass Hog and bought one , in hopes that this would save us some money . The set-up of the unit is easy . A few screws , charge up the battery , -LRB- it will take overnight -RRB- and you are good to go . The first thing that you will notice is that it is pretty heavy for a trimmer/weed whacker . This is due to the heavy lead-acid battery that is perched at the top of the unit . The second thing that is noticed is it 's power . I was able to whack and trim the heaviest grasses and weeds . The big problem is the extremely short usage time per charge . I was only able to use the Grass Hog continuously for only about 12 to 15 minutes before it ran down and stopped working . This is not acceptable . In fact , it is a down right failure for usefulness as far as a garden tool . I can not perceive why Black and Decker would even market and sell this item because the effective run time is so low . I am returning this unit . In the meanwhile , I have discovered that other cordless trimmers last up to 40 minutes for about the same price as the Black and Decker . If this was a final exam for the cordless Grass Hog , it would receive a grade of D.
 The box on the Black & Decker cordless trimmer says the battery will last for 1/2 an acre . This is a useless claim . Is that a 1/2 acre with no trees , fences , curbs , or sidewalks?They should instead tell you how many linear feet it can cut on one battery charge on average . But I suppose if they did this no one would buy it.I feel we have an average size lawn but this string trimmer could not do but half of it before it ran out of juice . To make matters worse it has so little power that it at times did not even have enough power to cut the grass . It would instead just `` whip '' the grass repeatedly until it fell limp against the ground . The Automatic Feed Spool has a blade that cuts the line if it gets to long . It rarely had enough power to cut it 's own line.We attempted to use this string trimmer 3 times before we got frustrated and took it back . We now have the corded version of this same product . It is an excellent product .
 We have very light duty for this -- use it every other week for 10 min max . Unfortunately , it did not last more than 18 months before it design flaw was exposed
 We loved this trimmer . Lightweight , easy to manuever , no bumping or cutting to get line ! Our yard is fairly small , so the charge was plenty to finish the job . HOWEVER , this - our third year - it was not holding a charge . I called B&D ; - that 's just what happens . WHAT ? A new battery pack is about $ 30-35 . A new corded model ST-4000 is about $ 35.00 . They should make you aware that you will be either buying new batteries or replacing the unit every three-four years . OUCH!FOLLOW - UP
 When i initially recieved this trimmer I really liked it . The versitility of a cordless edger/trimmer was great for doing the whole yard without the hassle of ` dragging a tail ' . It 's spooling feature of releasing more cord by tapping it on the ground also is a wonderful feature.However . . I just bought this last May -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and already the battery is too weak to make it more than 40 feet around my yard -LRB- May 2002 -RRB- . This equates to a 4 day edging adventure to get the whole yard done since you must recharge the battery overnight . If I had to do it all over again I would go for a gas powered trimmer or one with a cord.Avoid this item .
 We just burned up our third one of these , this one just slightly out of the warranty period . We love it , but we will be looking for something a little more durable ...
 This is the biggest piece of junk we 've ever waster 80 dollars on . The string rarely feeds out on it 's own , you have to constantly tip the unit up and manually pull the string out . The motor lacks sufficient rpm 's to cut even modest weeds . The battery does not hold sufficient charge to do a resonably sized yard . It went in the trash can and we wrote the 80 bucks off as a learning expereience.We learned not to buy Black and Decker .
 The trimmer works for about 20-25 minutes before losing its charge , which is o.k. for me because I have a small yard . What is n't o.k. is that the plastic cap that holds the string in place is really thin and cheaply made . Mine broke after only one bump against a rock , and now I ca n't find a replacement part . I 'd pay more for better construction , and ease of finding replacement parts .
 I have less than a 1/3 acre lot , so I figured this should be adequate since the box says for up to 1/2 acre . The goods
 I owned this Grass Hog for about 6 months . I had nothing but problems with it . The battery was so hard to remove from the shaft of the Grass Hog . It almost took me the same amount of time trying to remove the rechargable battery then it did to trim the lawn . After 6 months the battery would no longer charge . What a piece of crap .
 there is a tiny orange plastic piece that keeps the spool from free turning . It broke .
 Unfortunately , I was one of the buyers that did not keep my receipt or I would have returned it after one use . I have no complaints about the cutting ability . The shaft cracked after the first use when trying to remove the battery for recharge . The battery was very difficult to remove , the top was very top heavy . I love using battery power for convenience , noise and pollution friendliness . My lawn mover is battery and I love it .
 At first , I loved this trimmer . The auto feed worked and the battery lasted long enough to do the yard . First the auto feed started sticking so that I would have to open the spool and pull the line out manually . The parts are made of cheap plastic so that they wear out and break easily . Then the battery started wearing out so that I would have to recharge after going 1/2 way around the driveway . Finally the spool started just spilling out line with nothing to hold it in place . A huge disappointment . B&D makes parts out of very cheap plastic .
 Unfortunately , I was one of the buyers that did not keep my receipt or I would have returned it after one use . I have no complaints about the cutting ability . The shaft cracked after the first use when trying to remove the battery for recharge . The battery was very difficult to remove , the top was very top heavy . I love using battery power for convenience , noise and pollution friendliness . My lawn mover is battery and I love it .
 It could be that I just got a lemon , but I bought one of these from my local home store soon after I purchased my house , after all , every homeowner needs a good weed whacker . Well , this turned out to be anything but . The auto line feeder jammed several times and the battery ran out after only a few minutes -LRB- ten , give or take -RRB- . There was thing in the manual from B&D to contact them if I experienced any problems before returning it , so I did , explained the problem , and they did ... nothing . They said their warentee does n't cover the line feeder or the battery . I did n't see this on the actual card in the box , but I did n't feel like arguing the point with some CS rep when I could spend that time driving back to my local home store and returning the hunk of junk . All this was after a total of two uses . The return clerk at the store said I was n't the first person to return this product after only a couple uses , and they were considering removing it from their shelves . Anyway , as always , you 're milage may vary .
 The Black and Decker CST 2000 Grass Hog is easy to use , is light , and cuts great . However , the maximum amount of cutting time per use was only about 20 minutes . The company advertises up to 40 minutes , but after 20 minutes the power decreased to about half , and the trimmer could not cut a blade of grass . For a small yard , where 20 minutes is all you need , this would be an ideal product .
 Exactly two weeks ago today I purchased the B&D Grass Hog from Home Depot , one of the mega home improvement complexes . My gardener was AWOL for the previous month so I decided to finally purchase the equipment to perform yardwork myself . The `` hog '' appeared to be a sound product . It was environmentally friendly , lightweight , and could clear `` up to 1/4 acre on a single maximum 12 hour charge '' according to the enclosed instructions . -LRB- Oddly , somewhere else in the package it stated that charging could take `` up to 16 hours . '' -RRB- Furthermore , on the day of purchase , there was a B&D representative who was advising Home Depot customers . I talked to him for 10 minutes about my needs . He assured me that the hog was more than adequate because my whole lot was substantially less than 1/4 acre . I charged the hog for 18 hours before the initial use . The battery pack was heavier than anticipated and I finally got over the awkwardness of attaching the battery to the trimmer . -LRB- The handle of the battery pack is designed for someone with large hands . -RRB- I started by testing the hog on the backyard . I was amazed that after cutting for 10 minutes , the hog still had a charge but the power was so weak that it was basically massaging , not cutting , the weeds ! I had only managed to trim an area of weeds of about 100 sq. feet , a far cry from 1/4 acre . I put the hog back on its charger , re-read the instructions and specs , and wondered what I had failed to do . I called B&D customer service at 2:10 p.m. on Friday afternoon to ask if 10 minutes was the normal running time for the hog . Unfortunately , customer service closed at 5 p.m. EST. . I let the battery charge over the weekend . On Monday I got the same 10 minute run time . I believe it is false/misleading to advertise the `` 1/4 acre '' capability without informing the public that the hog will need a 12 to 16 hour recharge after 10 minutes of use , and therefore it will take several days to trim 1/4 acre . The hog is suited only for a very small area , not any serious yard work . Of course , Home Depot has a no refund policy and probably a restocking charge . I 'm about to find out
 Black & Decker 's decision to manufacture a cordless string trimmer is right in line with my belief that most people do n't want messy , smelly , gas powered lawn/landscaping equipment or the hassle of tugging around an electric cord to get your tool where you need it . Today 's cordless tools provide the power needed , without the hassle , to get the job done . I have been chomping at the bit to get a cordless string trimmer -LRB- and hedge trimmer -RRB- to add to my arsenal of cordless tools , all while cursing my 100 ' electric cord . When B&D announced their 12 '' trimmer I was ecstatic ... then let down . Annoying vibration and unnecessary weight were two small gripes , but my biggest is B&D 's choice not to standardize battery packs . Ryobi had the right idea , using the same battery for their drills and saws , as they do for the string trimmers and hedge clippers , but the 12V is too weak -LRB- IMO -RRB- . B&D went with a grossly larger and heavier battery pack on this unit than their equivalent Voltage batteries on the B&D / DeWalt drills and saws . Why ? So us consumers -LRB- even though brand loyal -RRB- have to have two different chargers and two different types of battery packs -LRB- one superior and one inferior -RRB- ? Also , we consumers do not benefit from their -LRB- B&D / DeWalt 's -RRB- added costs to manufacture and inventory additional batteries and chargers , which results in a more expensive product . Bad decision Black & Decker/DeWalt . Thanks , for not much .
 Had been mulling over options for a cordless trimmer for awhile . I wanted gas , wife was pushing for battery powered for lighter weight . Price was very good on this trimmer so decided to give it a shot . Have a number of Black & Decker power tools that I love , but could n't be more disappointed in this product . Even with a full battery charge it is n't really powerful enough to do a clean job with even basic trimming and edging - was having to make several passes when trimming the grass along the fence line . We have a smallish suburban corner lot and by the time I got down one side of the front yard the cutting power was so weak it would n't cut through runners in the St. Augustine if I just held it in one place . Frustrated , I stuck it back in the garage and finished the job with our old corded trimmer . Never would have guessed anything could make me appreciate that thing , but the Black & Decker trimmer managed it.If you must have a battery powered trimmer , look elsewhere . For my money , our next one 's going to be gas .
 I was initially very pleased with this edger/trimmer combo . My gasoline powered trimmer was a bit too heavy for me , and I HATE rolling up extention cords for electric trimmers.The grass hog worked just as well as any other trimmer I 've used ... while it worked . After a few months , it got stuck in edger mode and wo n't twist back . Did I save the receipt ? Of course not . So it looks like I 'll be dragging out the extention cords again .
 We bought this trimmer at a home improvement store -LRB- Home Depot/Lowes/etc -RRB- because of high praise from the Black & Decker rep who was working there . I 'm sad to say that it failed in practically every aspect -- the charge ran out much too quickly , it did n't have enough power to do a decent job when it was charged up , the auto-feed did n't work well for us at all ... I guess the only good thing about it was that it was light-weight and quiet . We returned it after several attempts to get accustomed to it and bought a real product .
 I own a number of black and decker rechargeable tools and have been satisfied . I purchased this trimmer and was so disappointed ! The power was POOR and did n't last very long even with a freshly charged battery . It was like when I just touched grass with it , the speed slowed and it really did n't cut the grass . I 'm sorry I threw out the box because I 'd love to take it back !!!! Boo Black and Decker ! You can do so much better than this !
 I purchased this product because I was under the impression that Black and Decker was synonymous with quality . I was mistaken . The AFS system does not work ... at all . Okay , that is n't true . I think that the line has been automatically fed after snapping on one or two occasions , but I have gone through two spools now , and I have had to pop the spool cap off and manually refeed the line about 100 times now . I have n't had the patience to actually edge my yard during the course of a single day since I purchased this piece of junk , because I spend the majority of the time manually refeeding the line . Please do not buy this `` product . ''
 If you live on the 43rd floor this is the trimmer for you !
 I am unhappy with the trimmer it does trim the edge but it is almost impossible to get the power pack detached from the trimmer so it can charged.Maybe just this `` one '' is not working correctly . But it is the only one I have.Unhappy.Matt Trivelli
 I do n't like the B&D Grass Hog . It is uncomfortable to use , especially if you have arthritis in your hands , because you ca n't lock the power switch into the `` on '' position . You have to grip the lower switch with your 2nd through 5th fingers while simultaneously exerting heavy pressure on the upper switch with your thumb . After 10 minutes of this , I get serious pain in my hand and the muscles in my wrist . -LRB- I have the same problem with a B&D electric saw . -RRB- The battery does n't last long , runs out after 15 to 20 minutes . The trimmer does n't work well with tall grass . There are only two advantages
 The biggest drawback is the charge only lasts 25 to 30 minutes ! The auto line feeder is great , it is nice not to have a cord or have to mix gas and oil , it is balanced well and lightweight , works well at cutting back weeds but the charge does n't last very long . I would n't recommend it if you have a large area to cut weeds in . For small yards it is fine . It takes a long time to recharge also , at least 6 hours and they recommend 12 hours . I have used it about 6 times and each time I charged it overnight and it still only lasted 25 to 30 minutes .
 Good for very small jobs but does n't have the power to cut through anything big . My auto-feed also stopped working after about a year and I finally ended up burning out the motor . If you do more than minor trimming you may end up having to buy a new one in a couple of years .
 What a major disappointment this baby is . I got about half way done with my 1/2 acre yard before running out of juice . I could have put up with the fact that this guy is heavy & you have to wait 24 hours to charge it up again if it ca n't finish the job , but it did n't cut very well either . This could have been a great product . The automatic line feeder works great . When someone comes up with a unit that has auto line feed , works well and gives you freedom from an extension cord , I 'll buy it . This unit is not it . The cheaper electric unit works much better at half the price .
 I need something that last more then 15 minutes . Black & Decker , you have let me down !
 I am glad to hear some people are have positive experiences with their units . As for mine , there is a serious problem with the line feed and string cutter . I have been hit three times in the leg with excessive string that was feed out and then finally broke off . The piece then flew back and hit me in the right leg . B&D sent me a new guard and cutter , but same old problem . I did a quick web search found that I was not the only one who had the feed and cutting problem , although I was the only one to mention taking a hit on the leg . This problem concerned me enought to email the Consumers Product Safety Commision . So , I will be trying to return this model .
 I bought my first Scotts handheld about 6 or 7 years ago and used it primarily for spreading salt/ice melt on my driveway . It finally gave out so bought a new one this winter . First time I used it I experienced frequent jamming . Keep in mind I 'm not using it for it 's intended purpose but to have the old one last several years without any problems while the new one does n't work from the start adds up to a low rating .
 DO NOT buy this product . It 's a waste of money . Very poorly made . Handle broke the FIRST day after 5 minutes of application . It was dispersing seed OK . It 's simply cheaply made . Something like this needs some metal components like the worm/screw mechanism .
 Hurts you wrist like crazy if you fill it all the way . Jams every 30 seconds and it will take about 5 tries to un-jam it . The chute stays open and you 'll fertilizer where you dont want it . Finally ... the turning handle broke off IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FIRST USE , i swear i w was being gentle because i knew it was all plastic but it still broke off .
 I was open to something that would reasonably broadcast small salt bits for the icy weather ... not a good idea . Although it 's the sam size as most fertalizers , it constantly jams . It was built `` flimsy '' and weak with thinner than ever plastic and poor strength . The smoothness of the handle turning is poor and flex 's as you spin it ... although you ca n't spin it enough times in a row because it jams . Geesh ... too bad , i 'd count on a well built , simple product with this one , but it lacks more than just function . : -RRB-
 01Junk , 02junk , 03junk , 04junk , 05junk , 06junk , 07junk , 08junk , 09junk , 10junk , 11junk , 12junk , 13junk , 14junk , 15junk , 16junk , 17junk , 18junk , 19junk , 20junk !
 Did not broadcast with any consistency , jamming at times , then suddenly working and dumping huge amounts of material in one place , then jamming again . Finally , the crank just came off in my hand , and after spreading the remaining fertilizer by hand , I threw the spreader over the fence . This , in my opinion , is another example of a large company making a few extra pennies by selling items manufactured at the lowest possible price . Do not WASTE MONEY on this piece of JUNK . I will think twice before buying anything again with the Scotts brand on it .
 The first time I used this product the plastic handle broke making it useless . It is a piece of junk
 It is awkward and uncomfortable to use so I just used my hand to throw out the fertilizer.I think this is a waste of money and just does not work .
 Have you noticed that the key word in most reviews for this product is `` JUNK '' ? Well , you can add another . This piece of junk jammed every time I used it and the handle snapped clear off on the fifth use.Scott 's used to be known for top quality . Sadly , that 's no longer true.However , you are obvioulsy reading this review because you are looking for a hand-held spreader and the good news is that I found one on Amazon . It 's the Earthway 3500 and , so far , I can tell you that it is considerably better than this Scott 's piece of junk . I wrote a brief review there . I do n't know if Amazon allows links , but if they do , this will take you to the Earthway
 This used to be a good product . Now it is a worthless hunk of plastic good for nothing . Scotts should be ashamed of itself for wasting peoples time when they know what a hunk of trash this is . I contacted the company and was given an apology-I still see they are selling them-Cmon Scotts-you lost alot of respect as a company . It jams up after 5 minutes of time-Poor design and workmanship and Scotts dosent seem to care .
 Like others have reported , this thing is ridiculously cheap . Every part of it is plastic and the first time using it the handle stripped right off the side of the unit . I ended up going back to spreading everything by hand.Even though Scotts may make some higher end spreaders , I will not longer buy any of their stuff . I ca n't respect a company that is willing to put out such a horribly made product . I wish I could rate this 0 stars .
 I had to review this item because it failed me twice when I was deep in the woods . Yes , I bought one and returned it for another Scotts hand spreader . I should have got my money back because you only use this tool seasonally . So I bought the first one to plant 3 clover food plots . It failed on the start of the 2nd food plot . I ran back to town and exchanged the spreader so I could finish . I finished the food plot but the kicker is I noticed the 2nd spreader was starting to fail . I got the spreader out to plant another food plot this spring and bam it completely failed like the 1st . The problem is that the plastic handle and gears are designed poorly . It starts off fine then it gets harder and harder to turn the handle . Then you will start to hear the gears jumping & grinding . You will try to empty the seed to clear the spreader but some seed gets stuck in the housing/gear box area . The product is done at this point then you realize Scotts just made money off of you with a spreader that can not preform its job . Why produce a product that can not preform its purpose ? Thanks Scotts for taking peoples money and adding additional plastic to the land fill .
 I owned an older version of this spreader for about 15 years and it worked great until it finally broke . I purchased the version 2 and I could not use it for more than one fill . It becomes too hard to turn the crank . Took it back for an exchange and that one also only worked for maybe two fills . Will be taking the second one back for a refund and looking for a different and better brand .
 The saw is relative quiet and smooth . My only complaint is that it is , at times , difficult to restart . I wish that I knew how to adjust the carb .
 I did all the regular preparations -LRB- oil gas & chain oil -RRB- . I then pulled the starter until tired and let it sit in case flooded ; then pulled until it finally started . It would n't continue to run , stopping every time I tried to accelerate . Carburetor was never properly adjusted at the factory . I called the service number and was told I 'm not supposed to make the adjustment and besides it takes a special tool . His first suggestion was to ship it back for a replacement ; I said I would n't replace it with another McCulloch . He then suggested I take it to an AUTHORIZED AREA SERVICEMAN that he recommended . In 5 minutes the service man had it running . Before he did the job , he said he did n't service McCulloch and has n't since they sold the business out of the country . I offered to pay but he said no , so I left my other chainsaw for him to repair . DO N'T BUY A MCCULLOCH EVEN IF THE PRICE IS LOW . I 'm keeping this one because I need a saw now , it 's cheap , and too big a nuisance to ship back . The only thing that bothered me more than the saw is the guy that thinkss all you have to do is ship it back and also not having any official area representative to service their mistakes.McCulloch MCC1635A 16-Inch 35cc 2-Cycle Gas-Powered Chain Saw
 It replaced another -LRB- very old -RRB- McCulloch that simply quit and was declared unrepairable due to lack of parts.Shipping was prompt and delivery quick . The saw is easy enough to use , light , reasonably powerful and adequate for occasional use as a homeowner 's tool . There are full grown live oaks and very mature citrus trees on the property and so far it has been effective for use in pruning and felling.The third -LRB- THIRD -RRB- time I used it the recoil starter unwound and did n't rewind , requiring the removal of the entire side of the case to access the spool and spring . The end had broken off the coil spring that tensions and rewinds the starter rope . Disassembling the unit , putting a small bend in the end of the spring and returning it to the housing to rewind the starter rope required taking the pull handle off the rope so it could be tensioned and then refed through the case for reassembly.The saw itself seems adequate , easy to start and use . We shall see if this problem with the recoil spring in the starter recurs . The failure of that small part renders the saw useless and turns it from a tool to a project.Jury 's still out.Once repairs were complete the saw operated normally and I now take care not to pull the starter rope all the way to the end of its length .
 This chainsaw is for someone to use once or twice , then throw it away . It is very inexpensive and for good reason . This model is not made to stand up to any type of rugged conditions or use . I am sorry I did not put out the extra money to get a good chainsaw that would last for several years . The saw did not even come with a plastic carrying case , but a small piece of plastic to cover the chain itself . I cut two small trees up with this saw and the chain itself was already dull and would not cut anymore . As a seasoned woodsman , I have never used up a chain that fast . I recommend anyone interested in a chainsaw that can be used multiple times to NOT buy this model .
 Unit arrived with cross-threaded fuel tank cap . Since ca n't return gas items on amazon , i decided to use and keep -LRB- screw hard enough gas stopped leaking -RRB- . Hard to start from day 1 . Light duty home use only . 4th time it started -LRB- after about 4 hrs use -RRB- the chain came off . After trying for 1h to get it on -LRB- which is not easy -RRB- , decided better to trash the unit . Will not buy Mccullough again .
 I have a few words that should discribe this chainsaw . JUNK , Chinese Junk , crap , wo n't start . want to throw away and never buy a McClulloch prodcut ever again .
 I ordered the McCulloch Mcc1635A 16 inch chain saw because McCulloch was at one time a great product , but I was unable to start it even one time . Called in to find out where I could take it and took it into the autorized dealer and was informed that it was an older model and they could not find the part needed . Now what do I do with this saw , as this is an item that can not be returned to Amazon ?????????????????????? Help is needed .
 Do n't waste your money on this China made JUNK ! When and if you get it started , it is so weak , you have to use it like a rack saw to even cut a small limb . JUNK !!!!! I 've used it twice , oil leaking out of the bottom , does n't oil the chain . McCulloch should be ashamed to put their name on this chainsaw .
 So far I 'm giving this chainsaw a 2 simply because it does n't work . I ordered and received it pretty quick in fine Amazon fashion , but after prepping it and starting it , it dies when I give it gas . I have n't even used it or been able to cut with it . It looks like I 'll have to take it in to have the carb adjusted . It 's pretty disheartening . I was so looking forward to cutting into some wood . This saw has a great price , but it seems the product is hit or miss . I regret buying it now because it 's only causing me more work . It might be better to purchase this or any chainsaw from a dealer , but the warranty should take care of the problem I 'm having . The chainsaw itself does seem a little cheap . It 's made in China of course . Anyone who has used a quality chainsaw will know what I am talking about upon using this . The choke only has 2 settings and feels really cheap . The tightening screw is also in a normal , but inconvenient place . I 've used other Mac 's as well and most of them have had some sort of carb trouble . Its just ridiculous to see it right out of the box . You need a special tool I guess to adjust the high and low on this , so you really ca n't do it yourself . I 'll add more when I get my saw fixed . This saw might seem okay , but to buy it is a gamble . Others have had this or similar starting problems as well . UPDATE - After nearly 2 months I received a phone call from the repair shop stating that they fixed the problem which was caused by several things , one being piece of plastic left on inside the chainsaw somewhere that the factory forgot . I have n't tried it yet , but to buy a new saw and for it to not work just means it is junk . I 've had to go without a saw for months and to pay for gas to get to the repair shop twice is ridiculous . Save yourself the money and time and get a better chainsaw that you know will work .
 20 years ago I had a McCulloch saw and it was a work horse . This one is a piece of crap . Made in China -LRB- of course -RRB- . Parts are loosely put together . It is cheap feeling . Most of all , it will not run properly and I would n't dare to try to cut wood for fear of something gogin horribly awry . Stay away form this bargain basement junk .
 McCulloch chain saws are trash ! They use fuel lines that harden and break in no time . They are impossible to adjust the carburetor , they will not run consistently .
 It ran hesitatingly at first but I had to keep stopping anyway to adjust the chain so it would n't fall off . I got about one hour of good service when suddenly gas started pouring out of it and that was it . Attempts to re-fill the tank just allowed more gas to pour all over the floor . I could not find a repair shop that would even touch this model for repairs . They all said throw it away .
 I 've had 1 in my life time . From word of mouth . Even my repair guy has told me not to buy them . Its not because there cheaply built . The most expensive ones have cheap part . It all in the carb & engine . There now coming from China the engines . Poorly built . This is what we get .
 I would like to comment as someone who did purchase the product and I did file a complaint . In fact , I filed the complaint before the date the manufacturer posted a review that they have n't had any complaints . To refresh his memory and inform potential buyers . I purchased thegenerator as a result of a devastating tornado that hit my town . My family waswithout power for almost 5 days and relied on a generator . The generator Ipurchased , because of the tornado , has 5500 Watts . The GenShed GS7500claims to be designed for 7500 Watts so I thought it would be the perfectitem to protect my new investment . It was installed on June 28 , 2008 , andtested on June 29 , 2008 for 30 minutes . On August 3 , 2008 , I tested thegenerator for 1 hour per the manual instructions for the first time inside the GenShed because the generator manual requires it to be tested monthly.After only one hour , the plastic back around the exhaust of the Genshed was melted . After only one hour of use , I feel that this product is extremely unsafe . Had the generator been inside the GenShed the entire 5 days I was without power , I believe I would have faced a serious fire within a couple of hours . I posted pictures and although I am still disputing the fact that I paid for this faulty product , I am mostly concerned about consumer safety . The manufacturer continues to blame it on my installation but I can guarantee that it was installed as instructed . If this product can melt so fast imagine running your generator overnight inside this shed ... your house could be on fire while you are sleeping and you 'd never know it !!!!! Buyer BEWARE !
 OK , first off whoever reviewed this and gave it 5 stars is either insanely rich and naive or work for the company that produces this blatant rip-off ? I mean $ 800.00 for a freakin ' mini-garden shed plus a couple parts that you can pick up for about $ 150.00 anywhere else . Absolutely brilliant example of the `` people will buy anything if you put the right spin on it '' . Well the only spin on this is that it is a rip . If you have $ 800.00 to spend on a box for your generator go get one of the good quality vented exterior metal boxes that are 1000 times safer , possibly cheaper and will last 1000 times longer . Or for fun , you can buy this one , let your generator run all night and watch the box melt and burst into flames ! XD
 I live in south florida and needed a Generator box , not a lot of them on the market so I was happy that I found one . After putting it together I was very disapointed , it was very week , no strength , I would be suprised if it stayed together in a strong thunderstorm , forget a hurricane itwould be in a million little pieces . sent it back for refund
 This `` GenShed '' is actually a plastic garden box that is marketed to hold garbage cans and landscaping materials . Made by Suncast -LRB- MFR Model #GS 2000 -RRB- , it is sold at K-Mart for $ 139.00 and Sears for $ 199.00 . I 'd suggest that this storage box was neither designed nor intended by the original manufacturer to be used as a portable generator shelter.http : / / www.suncast.com/productdisplay.aspx?id=51&pid;=22Into this plastic box , the GenTran vendor has incorporated several inexpensive louvered vents , an electric fan , a temperature switch , and a dubious exhaust outlet ... for a $ 600 + markup ! I consider the exhaust system to be dubious , if not downright dangerous , insomuch that hot exhaust gasses must pass through a thin plastic wall . Further , the idea that a magnet could adequately secure the pipe against separation from the muffler -LRB- due to regular exhaust pressures -RRB- does not inspire confidence.Portable gas generators , aka gensets , operate at very high temperatures for extended periods of time . They require large volumes of fresh air for proper cooling and exhaust dissipation . The GenShed would , in my opinion , provide the necessary air volume only if the lid and doors were propped open for the duration that the genset was in operation -LRB- electric fan notwithstanding -RRB- . Doing so would certainly negate any decibel reduction qualities that a closed shed would provide.GenTran combined a good idea with substandard execution . It is my belief that a plastic garden shed of this size and construction is not a suitable installation platform for a portable gasoline generator . Finally , the aforementioned $ 600.00 markup is beyond parody . I do not recommend the GenShed for reasons of safety and excessive pricing .
 I thought this was a great idea but after reading the reviews , I just purchased the storage shed to store the generator next to the house connection . The only real drawback is that there wo n't be any noise reduction for the neighbors . The upside is , during a power outage , I no longer have to dig the generator out from under the deck , when it 's dark and raining/snowing . I just pull the generator out of the shed , start it and connect it to the house .
 I ca n't even give this unit 1 star , but i had to so this review would show up.Your just asking for problems if you purchase this.First , It 's not safe to run your generator in it.You can store your generator in it , but just ca n't run it in this unit.The shed will end up melting away.Second , The price is way out of line.I purchased the shed `` GS2500 '' for $ 219.00 at Homedepot.I then purchased a Gable Vent fan -LRB- comes with a thermostat which you need -RRB- $ 72.00,8-4 '' mini louvers $ 22.00,20 `` x20 `` Gable Vent Shutter $ 43.00 , one roll of Reflective Insulation $ 24.00 , sheet metal for the back to protect it from the exhaust and to protect the floor under the generator , some screws , washers and aluminum tape about $ 20.00 . I did it for around $ 400.00 complete and it 's much safer.I added images of what i did to mine.Photo 's are n't that great , but should give you an idea
 Based on the negative reviews the item was cancelled before being received . It seemed like a good idea at first but I just did n't think that all the negative reviews could be wrong so I decided to not take a chance . What I can say is that Amazon was excellent in taking it back for a full credit .
 For anyone thinking of purchasing this product , you could probably get a dedicated standby generator -LRB- in a weatherproof enclosure -RRB- for little more than the cost of this unit and a portable generator to run in it.If you already own a portable , sell it and use the money along with the grand you were going to throw at this and get a dedicated standby unit instead ! If not , then build this unit yourself for far less money ... and be ready to extinguish the fire when it melts down while your generator is running in it.I would not trust running my generator in this thing unless the doors and lid were open ... which kind of defeats the purpose . I would also imagine that if it does manage to burst into flames , your insurance company will find you at fault .
 There is a metal alternative at the site generatorconnection dotz com Portable_Enclosure however it has allot of junk that I 'm not interested in . One is the cutoff switch and the solar charger , etc. . it would seem to me that if I had run the wire to the storage enclosure that I would place the cutoff inside , and could easily run an additional 110 and put that on GFI . And it is n't like the solar would be applicable in all cases unless you rotated the house to get the sun . However price wise the metal enclosure is priced competitively to the plastic stuff listed here . I just emailed the company and have n't heard back yet but it seems that people want an all season enclosure that will not melt . the concrete pad can of course be gotten at an HVAC supply OEM etc. . Leaving the door open on the plastic unit is an option however the real ideal solution is running some 110 along with the number 10 feed -LRB- to a 30 amp generator -RRB- along with some wiring to cutoff the generator from indoors or start it . The amount of posts here lead me to believe that there is a market for the product that nobody has met yet . But the fan , vent , and temperature cutoff stuff from the other vendor is n't meeting the need . One downside I noticed right off the bat was that there was no easy access to the UNIT to change the oil . I 'm thinking of contacting somebody from alibaba and sending pictures from these two products and requesting the doors and lid be like the plastic and the material be metal with all the `` optional stuff '' purely optional , just a freaking metal box . I gave a two star cuz the plastic box allows access to change the oil
 It looks like we had received used one . Since it is just pruner , did not bother to return or contact customer care .
 It looks great in theory , but the reality is much different . Do n't waste your money . This product does not do what the manufacturer claims that it does . It produces a very minimal illumination which does not last . Save your money . Do n't buy it .
 I agree with many of the others regarding this poorly constructed product . This globe is a big piece of crap to state it lightly . A very big waste of money . Amazon should take a fake product off their web site .
 DO NOT , DO NOT , DO NOT purchase this item if you want it to perform as advertised
 Cute but for $ 30.00 its a real disappointment , does not light up I have had it in full sun no glow . . Boooo
 Thought the moon would be a little larger especially for almost $ 30 bucks . Not really a good deal . The product is pretty , but does n't stand out in my yard .
 As a garden ornament is is adequate.Unfortunately , as far as it ` illuminating ' it does not.It is in full sun all day long and at night there is nothingaround it but a small landscape light and still it does notglow . I called company and they said to move it to where itwould be in total darkness at night . Done . Still does n't work , The ` companion ' piece that we ordered was the Saturn Stake.They tried to mail it to me two times but both times it brokein transit and carrier just sent it back to Amazon . I decidedI 'd had enough and choose not to try to reorder this one andget my $ back as the first was n't glowing .
 This is lovely . It looks delightful in the garden . But , as a previous reviewer noted , it absolutely does not glow in the dark . Not even a little bit . Our garden receives full sunlight all day ; at night it is completely dark . -LRB- We live in a rural area ; there is no light from neighbors or other sources . -RRB- Given these conditions , if an item can glow in the dark , it should . Yet this most certainly does not.I did try the old glow-in-the-dark test of bringing it into a closet -LRB- in the middle of the day , after several hours of very bright direct sunlight -RRB- and closing the door . The only thing that glowed was the old Timex I was wearing ... Buy this as a pretty lawn/garden ornament . Just do not expect it to glow in the dark at all.Also , mine was packaged very well and survived shipping with no issues at all . It was well-protected , with a multitude of bubble wrap , air packs , packing peanuts , and filler paper -- not to mention a box-within-a-box arrangement . I think the UPS truck would have had to actually run over the thing to do it any damage . I ordered from Amazon , so Amazon is to thank for most of the hyper-vigilant packaging -- but , to be fair , the manufacturer 's packaging was quite adequate to begin with .
 I can not believe how small this top of the item is for price that I paid . I do not know if it evens illuminates yet for I just received it today and put in the fgarden Rediculous for the price.Also , the company has not gotten back to me about my comment and I sure they do not answer other peoples comments . What a shame . The packaging was not good because the box that it cam in was fully open . How can Amazon sell such a item .
 i am not happy with this purchase , the stake was much smaller than expected , and it does not glow in the dark as was stated , i would give this product a 2 star rating
 The biggest $ 40.00 rip off ever . Does not glow . The picture is misleading , very small . I DO NOT recommend the Echo Valley Illuminarie Moon Stake to anyone .
 This product does not illuminate . Not at all . It arrived in a huge box and we decided to keep it rather than hassle with repacking and shipping the huge box . Disappointing as it does look nice during the daytime .
 Does NOT glow . Looks ok just sitting in the pot , but I wanted something to glow at night ... would not recommend
 Granted I should have read the description before I ordered it , but the moon/globe are much tinier than I had imagined ! Just like others have said , it is in direct sunlight ALL day long and at night time in complete darkness , there is n't even the tiniest hint of a glow . This item is very beautiful , despite it 's very small size , but the pictures and description are VERY misleading ! I would love to send it back for a refund , but I 'm honestly not in the mood for the hassle .
 I bought several Echo Valley products because I liked the look of them and thought they would be fun additions to my garden . I understood that they were not solar powered lights and that they just had luminarie paint on glass , but I thought the glow-in-the-dark look would be different from the solar powered lights I already have . I put them in one of my gardens that gets full sun for at least eight hours a day . And yet , even with full sun on the most glorious of days , at night there is nothing . You have to get right up on top of them to even notice that there is something there trying to glow . I will not be buying anymore Echo Valley products and I am sorry for the ones I did purchase . For the price , they are certainly a rip-off . Do not waste your money !
 It was much smaller than I thought . No glow at all . The company has a great idea they just need to make it larger and provide the glow it promissed .
 The advertisement is misleading . It states that it will glow at night . Mine never did , despite being in the sun all day . It is now being used as a planter ornament .
 Fun to watch but not illuminating at all . BUT ... I bought a set of 4 from Costco for $ 25 . I wanted to replace two defective ones but this price is beyond ridiculous .
 As with most of the reviews posted , I too am disappointed that it does not glow in the dark after four days of full sunlight and that was my reason for the purchase . It looks beautiful , a bit small though , but I was excited about seeing it lit up at night . There was n't any instruction included in the package so it must mean that the only thing to do is plant it in the earth . I read a review in which someone mentioned a switch but where is it ? When I examined the product closely there was no battery , no bulb and no switch so how can it collect and store the solar energy ? I do not intend to go through the hassel of returning it but I would like an explanation from the company since there are so many complaints . Additionally , I do believe that I and other customers who experienced the same problem should be given a partial refund because the item is pricey .
 I was so disappointed with this purchase I left in the sun for 3 days and it still does n't glow I feel like I was ripped off .
 this says it will glow but it does NOT GLOW . so for the price it is not worth it.Would not recomend
 This product is cute , and it is currently in my garden , but it does not illuminate as advertised . It seems to have glow in the dark paint in the glass orb , so maybe if you shine a flash light on it for a while it will light up . It is also smaller than I expected .
 I think I received the wrong nets as these are huge compared to the one that came in the machine .
 I literally ordered it 15 minute ago and discovered I ordered the wrong product . . wouldnt it be easier than the whole return process ?
 This is a terrible product that might work for a few milliseconds and then might not ever again . It is a shame , but it is not functional over any length of time . Ours lasted 1/2 tank of fuel , did great and then never worked again after emptying the dead skeeters out . Phone calls etc were just worse than useless . To Amazon 's credit , I did get my money back . I would like to have something like this that did work .
 I ordered this product for LIBERTY Mosquito Magnet but did not realize that it was not the correct net for the LIBERTY PLUS Mosquito Magnet so can not use . If you have a PLUS , do not order this product .
 This is a beautiful outdoor clock , but unfortunately it keeps lousy time . In less than a month after purchasing this clock it began being slow . The batteries have been changed 3 times in less than 2 months and it still will lose an hour every 5 hours .
 I bought a spare 'cause it was on sale when I originally bought the mosquito magnet.The original is fairly sturdy and well made . After 3 seasons I have yet to need it . Unless you 're a klutz and think you 'll step on it or something you can simply rinse / wash out the original one and keep using it.That said , I use mine to swap out the full one for zero down time - especially when it 's full of angry live biting mosquitoes ...
 When it works it does trap and kill ... but not $ 627 worth . That is what I totaled this year for mosquito control . The contraption worked from April to July ... then upon changing a tank it clogged the ports . Customer service said to pump several CO2 cartridges -LRB- about $ 10 pumped into the atmospher -RRB- ... I did ... still errors on me ... I 'm cutting my losses . Interested in purchasing ? Let me know I 'll sell it to you for $ 250 .
 I still can not believe that we purchased that piece of junk.I think I was fooled by the name of the company that produces the Mosquito Magnet , American Company of Biophysicists or similar , that sounded so scientific.Just think , Carbon Dioxide -LRB- the attractant -RRB- is produced by the decay of almost every organic material on the planet . It is the fizz in your soda bottle ... did you ever notice any mosquito diving into your soda can ? . . hahaSave your propane gas for your stove and do your wallet and the planet a favour , do not buy the mosquito magnet .
 First , the good news : While this grill was not trivial to assemble , CharBroil did helpfully include a large sheet of white paper to set the tiny parts on , so they do not fall in between your deck boards . Quite a nice , thoughtful touch.After assembly , I hauled the included tank to the gas station , and had them fill ` er up . I performed all the required leak tests when getting home , but did not use it for a couple of weeks.Yesterday , I fired it up for the first time and started letting it preheat . That went just fine . I then went inside to start getting out the hot dogs I wanted to grill . After a couple of minutes , my wife came to inform me that the grill was smoking and flames were poofing out the side . I figure this is just finish smoking some , and she is overreacting . My mistake . I get there just in time to watch a jet of Liquid Propane shoot out of the side of the regulator assembly that attaches to the tank . I of course immediately shut off the burners , scooted the grill to the other side of the deck and shut the tank valve while I waited for the puddle of explosive propane to boil off . Quite an exciting few seconds . I can only imagine what would have happened if the leak was pointed at the hot bottom of the grill instead of the ground.What I figured happened is that the regulator seals were good enough to seal at room temperature . However , when the regulator was chilled by the actual flow of propane -LRB- something that does not happen in a static leak test -RRB- , the metal contracted , the rubber lost elasticity , and the seals failed catastrophically . Think Challenger.While this defect may have been a random fluke , I will definately have the fire extinguisher handy when I have the replacement part in hand . If that leaks too , back to the hardware store it goes.UPDATE : The replacement part leaked too . CharBroil then told me that oops , it must be that my tank is overfilled . I had it weighed , and nope , that was n't it either . When they told me I must have a defective tank , I gave up on CharBroil trying to fix it . Too many guesses for me . This was after several weeks of trying in vain to get a callback . Luckily -LSB- the store -RSB- took it back over two months after I bought it without a hassle.As a side note , as I was disassembling it to fit in my brother 's SUV for the trip back to the store , I noticed that several parts were already rusting after only 2 1/2 months , all of it under a grill cover . What an unmitigated piece of junk , backed by truly pathetic service .
 I have owned the grill for a few years ... true enough ... But now the regulator is leaking - explosive and dangerous.Getting parts has proved to be impossible . YOu can get a generic regulator but Char-Broil was too cheap to get screw on type connections . They are connected with a permanent clamp ... So , time for a new grill .
 Do not buy from this seller , I was sent the wrong item than what I ordered , and he would not correct it . I had to file a claim with Amazon.com to get it resolved .
 I should have heeded the advice of several people who said this grill cover was too short and the wind blows it off . I 'll figure that out , but the worst part , in my opinion , is the warning included with the cover that says you need to wash your hands after handling . I am very conscious of washing my hands , but this was a little scary to me . What kind of materials are used in this cover that are so bad you have to wash your hands immediately after handling ?
 lasted only the summer . faded very quickly . it tore along edge . its cheap -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- because it 's cheap -LRB- poorly made -RRB- . Save your money .
 I purchased this grill cover as a Christmas gift in Dec 2011 . The first hot day in NY in May 2012 and the blue part faded to almost the same color as the gray center . I could have lived with that except shortly thereafter the seam holding the top of the cover together with the bottom section came undone . Now there is a 12 '' hole from where the seams are supposed to be joined . We only started grilling in May so it is not from overuse . Would not recommend this to anyone . BTW
 My cover has been installed since mid May and the color has already faded to a dirty gray . None of the blue remains . The cover is also very short leaving a bit over a foot of grill exposed . And it leaks . I doubt that it will survive the summer . Be warned ...
 I received the item and there was damage in the fabric . I wish I can return it and get a refund but it so much of a hassle to return it .
 It is a very nice grill cover , it fits well , it looks good , however some how there are small tears in the cover . I do not know why or how they got there but I have only had it on the grill a couple of months . I wrote an email to the company that I purchased it from but have had no response from them .
 This product 's design is flawed . You can take it off the faucet without removing the lock .
 I purchased this lock a year ago , which has worked find up until yesterday . I came home from work and the device had been broken off with the lock still intact .
 I got this and guess what does not work , it looks really nice on when installed but the thing is that when you put a lock on it you can remove it with lock included .
 I have used this before but I was unable to find it locally in Ct. . On Amazon I was able to find it the product works great and I have recommend it to friends .
 I think these pellet seed plugs are great . The major problem I have with this company so far is that I only receive 1/2 of the said amount . Had to call the company to let them know that I only received 100 pellets instead of the original amount of 200 . If you order from this company - count your pellets . Even the paper sack they shipped to me had 100 written on it . I ordered on Jan 13 , 2012 - it 's now Jan 26 ... have yet to receive the other 100 pellets . Hope to receive them soon .
 Too bad I ca n't give zero stars . Sits there like a stone . Total waste of twenty dollars . Wo n't buy from Jiffy again .
 This sounded like a good deal , but after I ordered these , I found a 72 peat pellet refill kit at Home Depot which was much cheaper per pellet , and that kit was neatly packaged with four individual trays .
 I was disappointed with the cover , after one week of owning the product , I noticed the cover was starting to separate from the seams . And in the packaging there was no mentioning of a warranty period or a guarantee .
 It 's a lovely cover . Nice fabric . Too bad that according to the box it comes in there 's a manufacturer warning that it contains carcinogens and that you should wash your hands after handling !
 It looks nice and the cover seems thick and well built .2 things I did n't like : - It has a carcinogen warning on it . Why would you have that for a product that goes on something we cook food on - It has a design flaw - no strap to hold it down when it gets windySo , but it if you want to , but you wo n't be completely satisfied .
 Grill cover must be made in China , as although it was wide enough to fit my grill , it only covered about half the grill from the top down . Good thing I kept my old cover , but now I use -LRB- 2 -RRB- covers .
 Within one month the outside lost color and looked faded and very very old . Do n't get this product !!! It was sitting outside in the sun with nothing bad going on . I got two and both look faded and very bad .
 Sometimes it does n't pay to start your holiday shopping early . I bought this in October as a Christmas present . When my husband took it out of the box on Christmas morning , it already had a rip in the seam . I could n't exchange it through amazon -LRB- see return policy -RRB- so I tried to get an exchange through Char-Broil . Their website was having problems so I could n't resolve the issue online . I was on hold for 96 minutes after calling their 1-800 number . The lady was nice , but unfortunately she did n't know if she could help and had to send the request `` to the top . '' I 'm still waiting to hear back . It could be a perfectly fine grill cover , but I may never know .
 Nice cover . Mountain green is actually an olive brown . If I had known it was made in Vietnam , I would n't have bought it . I 'm certain manufacturing costs are less than $ 2.00 for this product and Char-broil has the nerve to mark it up this much . I 'd be happy to pay the $ 30.00 if it were made in USA .
 The cover itself is durable and somewhat attractive . I really liked the hunter green color when it first arrived . Although it has only been just over 1 month since we received it , and the green has faded quite considerably . I would not buy this product again .
 The reason I rate this grill cover with 1 star is because the picture -- and the grill cover 's box -- advertise that the grill cover is mountain green when in fact it is brown.It also had blemishes all over the front of it , little dots of dye or something.It looks like a good quality grill cover , but it does NOT look like the grill cover I ordered , which was green and would have matched the rest of my patio furniture -LRB- also green -RRB- . I kept it anyway because the item description at Amazon does not actually promise that it 's green -LRB- the box does , and the product photo does -RRB- and I just need to keep the bird poop and rain off my new grill.Buyer beware !
 Too small returned it w no problem , bought a larger one , love it love it love love it love it
 According to the dimensions , this cover should have fit but it was a little too small . We sent it back and had one custom made .
 Price is good but do not expect it to maintain the color . I had this cover for 3 years and it is ready to be replaced .
 I liked the compactness of this table because I can carry it in my RV without taking up much room , but this product at least the one I received was beyond flimsy . Two of the rungs on the lower section completely fell off the first time I used it . What kind of welding job is this ? It sure was n't the same kind of welding job as on the one the reviewer said she had owned for ten years . Amazon is making good on it by sending me another . I hope someone else manufactured it .
 Last summer I spent more time than I care to think about wondering what was causing my zucchini plants to die from the bottom up , and picking caterpillars off my kale and collards . I was n't really interested in repeating either experience , so I was thrilled to find this.I 've been applying regularly , re-applying after rain -LRB- not that we 've had any -RRB- and watering , and ... watching my kale getting eaten by caterpillars . Those little green ones that are supposed to be easily killed with BT . But I guess not with this . Even spraying it directly on them does n't seem to have an effect.As for the zucchini , I 'm not really sure what 's going on . It does n't appear to have that stem worm thing , or at least I ca n't find an entry slit , but it 's definitely not doing well . This may not be the spray 's fault , but having seen no evidence that this is improving anything , I 'm afraid I wo n't be spending any money on it . : - -LRB-
 I rarely use chemicals or pesticides in the garden but had the opportunity to give this product a try . I have a perennial Rose Mallow -LRB- hibiscus moscheutos -RRB- whose leaves get devoured yearly by the caterpillar of the sawfly . I 've tried handpicking , but they just keep coming . I used this product specifically for the leaf eating caterpillars it says it controls . It did not . After one weeks use , there were still caterpillars eating the sprayed leaves , the few I chose to spray daily .
 I try to avoid introducing chemicals into my immediate environment . This means that I use organic fertilizer , that I compost and that I usually do not use commercial insecticides . Thus , I am disposed to like this organic product . I have tried it on several occasions
 I thought I would try the Safer Brand on some of my rose bushes and a tree in the front yard that was exhibiting some fungal effects . I sprayed both the rose bushes and the tree at the same time . It 's been almost 2 weeks and I have n't noticed even a minor change to the plants . I 'm sure the product is safe , but how effective ? I would at least expect to see a minor change after two weeks . It seems at this point the Safer Brand is not working nearly as well as the industrial `` poisons '' on the market . When there is disease or pests affecting your plants , trees , or shrubs , you want something that will work , first and foremost . At this point , I ca n't recommend the Safer Brand as the product of choice .
 I hesitate to review this product before I have given it the COMPLETE test -LRB- my aphids do n't show up until the hostas bloom -RRB- but I think there are a few things which should be mentioned BEFORE you buy . I will be back to update this review later.This product is safe for children and pets BUT do n't get it in your pond . DO N'T use until four weeks after you have used an oil spray . DO N'T use in full sun or on cuttings or plants stressed by drought . DO N'T use on sulfur sensitive plants
 I bought two bottles of Safer 3 in 1 to put in my garden to get rid of cucumber beetles , mostly , and a few other assorted pests . Last night , I used over one bottle with only one application . I soaked the whole plant , just like it told me to do . I followed every instruction . First of all , the bottle stopped working when it was 2/3 empty , making it impossible to spray . That was annoying , but not a reason I would n't buy it again . However , today I went out to my garden , and the cucumber beetles are everywhere ! Clearly , it had no effect whatsoever . I still see lots of crickets , as well , which it was supposed to kill.So not only is this product pricey -LRB- I paid $ 8 for a bottle , not including shipping , and you 're supposed to apply it once a week -RRB- , but it does n't work at all ! I hope I can find something organic that actually does work !
 I got the product to help with the white milky fungus which had spread to my cantaloupe and zucchini . I wanted something I could treat the slightly infected leaves with after I pruned all the infected ones.I can not describe how frustrating the spraying mechanism was . It clogged every other spray . After 10 minutes of attempts 9and colorful language -RRB- , I poured it into a different bottle and used a different sprayer . I used it for four days , then there was no more . AND It did not work . Do n't waste your money on the product . Try another .
 This product did not work from me . I could not tell much difference after using , and I became suspicious of contents due to the way it was labeled on the bottle . Instead , I used diluted paprika spray that seemed to ward off the voracious eatersThere 's a pull-out pamphlet-label on back.As a broad guideline , it states : `` Do not use on delicate fern , apricots , filberts , stock , walnuts , viburnum , Newly planted cuttings , or plants stressed by drought . Do not apply when plants are in full sun or when temp exceeds 90 degrees . Do not apply for at least 4 weeks following application of oil spray . `` It `` controls powdery mildew , black spot , leaf spot and rust . '' `` It kills aphids , beetles -LRB- leaf-feeding -RRB- , caterpillars -LRB- leaf-feeding -RRB- , crickets , earwigs , lace bugs , leafhoppers , mealybugs , mites , plant bugs , scale crawlers , thrips and whiteflies . `` It says that product can be used on `` roses , flowers , shade trees , foliage plants , ornamentals , beans , peas , broccoli , cabbage , cauliflower , collards , kale , peppers , strawberries , apples , pears , citrus , potatoes , cucumbers , squash , grapes , blackberries , blueberries , raspberries , loganberries , currants , melons and tomatoes . `` There is no list of what exactly is in this product aside from potassium salts of fatty acids , sulfur and `` other '' -LRB- found on the front label -RRB- Note
 I picked this for use on my roses , which are my pride and joy , but tend to suffer from typical rose nuisances , i.e. mildew , rust and insect infestation . Now , granted , I began using this after some of the leaves on a couple of my rose bushes had begun to show the beginnings of mildew spotting . However , for everything else there was no sign yet , so I figured by using the spray now I could head off any other problems . Well , so far , I ca n't see that it 's working . I do n't see any aphids , which is a plus , but more leaves look nibbled on and the mildew has spread . Plus , worst of all , on one rose bush which showed no sign of problems -LRB- a condition I 'd hope to keep with the use of this spray -RRB- the leaves now look rusty , as if the spray caused rust spots instead of preventing them . I followed all the instructions for application and though my rose garden is in full sun , I applied the spray in the evening , once the sun had moved away , thus giving the spray the entire night and morning to set before getting hit with sunshine . So unless this formula is extremely light-sensitive -LRB- which would seem to cancel out any helpfulness it might bring to the garden considering all plants will get sun-struck at one point or another -RRB- I do n't know of any other explanation of how the rust spots appeared other than the spray and the spray alone caused it.I 'm all for organic gardening , in fact I insist on it . However , I think I 'll stick to my homemade Neem spray for insect issues and find another single-purpose organic spray for any additional fungicidal help . Making the product a 3-in-1 certainly makes it easy and convenient to use , but I believe it also cuts down on the efficacy . I will use the product until it 's gone -LRB- I hate waste -RRB- , so should any new developments occur , I will update my review accordingly .
 UPDATE : Several weeks after spraying my rose leaves with this product , I noticed that they are in much worse shape than they 'd normally be now , in this first blooming cycle after winter dormancy . I ca n't say for sure it is this spray , but I ca n't think of any other factors . The leaves have been eaten by something , in a `` lacy '' pattern . Do n't think I 'll be using this product on my roses again ; maybe on other hardier plants . -------------- I 've used Safer brand products for at least 20 years . Sometimes I 'll just mix up some homemade soap solution , and that will work just fine.But some garden phenomenon require a few relatively benign chemicals . Trouble is , most products have way too many , and this spells trouble for beneficial insects and up the food chain.This product contains everything I 'd normally use in the garden but no more , and I do n't have to mix myself !
 I have used many Safer products before with success , and I was surprised to be disappointed with this one . I used it throughout the summer growing season on different plants to see what it would do . To be honest , it did not appear to do a thing . The little critters would just keep on moving right through it , and that is not my experience with safer 's insecticidal soap and other products . I tried this , but then had to turn to my standards of Neem , Pyola , or Spinosad to do the job . I had a large aphid problem on some bok choy that this did n't touch but that the neem knocked right out . I have had such good experience with Safer 's products in the past that it honestly makes me wonder if there is something wrong with the batch that filled my bottle .
 I used this product on my mint plant to get rid of aphids . When I sprayed it on the plant it did n't get rid of the aphids and turned the leaves of my plant black . A much better approach to getting rid of aphids would be to dump what ever is in this bottle and replace it with a few drops of dish detergent in water .
 Because it was billed as a safe and organic product , I first used Safer Brand 3-in-1 Garden Spray on some pesky flies on my indoor plants . While I realize that the product is n't really designed to kill the larva that are in the soil , it did n't even kill the flying adults - even when I sprayed them directly onto the bugs . I also used the product on the aphids that were eating my roses and again there was no affect . After going 0-2 , and it was n't for underuse - I repeatedly sprayed mass quantities on the bugs - I decided to throw the product away and invest in something that would actually kill garden pests.Safer , organic , or not , I see no reason to spend $ 13 on a product that does n't work - and the Safer Brand 3-in-1 Garden Spray does n't cut the mustard !
 This stuff is just a little too weak for my taste . The bugs do n't die even while you watch , most sprays have them running for their lives.Tried on cabbage worms on my brussels sprouts . Did n't even last 2 days when it did n't rain . And the cabbage worm barely noticed it , took him about 5 minutes to finally drop , I could 've picked him off by hand and tossed in the trash can.So if you need ultimate safe spray , and you have the time to go out every other day or so , and spray directly on the bug , great . -LRB- but you could use watered down DISH SOAP and get the same results -RRB- I gave up and got Bug Be Gone . Yes I know it kills bees , but I never spray it close to any flowers.Also , I sprayed this on ants in my cantaloupes , and they kept right on walking like it was raining on them , or something ?? Fine for mild bug problems , but infestation ? Forget it .
 I 've tried a lot of pesticides , and to be honest , most of them are n't very successful . The best luck I 've had is with Ortho RosePride Insect , Disease & Mite Control Aerosol , but the scent is so strong you need to wear a mask/eye goggles to spray it -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- and you can not safely use it indoors . -LRB- As a general aside , the effectiveness of pesticide seems to be directly proportional to how severe the headache you get from the pesticide/scent when you use it . -RRB- This left me in a quandary , since my mealy bug/spider mite problem on my indoor citrus and coffee trees was horrible all winter . I did use the Safer product until I ran out of it , and it was initially moderately successful on the spider mites . It did not , however , work at all on the mealy bugs , and the spider mites seemed to build up resistance to it . I was left using rubbing alcohol soaked paper towels to scrub each leaf and stem of my indoor coffee , citrus and other plants at least once a month . Unless you have a mild infestation of an easy to kill bug , do n't bother .
 Unless you absolutely need a tape that is this small , you are wasting your money on this product . This is a `` toy '' tool and it is astoundingly over priced for the build quality . I use this about 10 times a week to half extension and it has lasted a year ... that it has lasted this long has surprised me .
 It took a VERY talented man over 6 hours to put this grill together . The parts included were insufficient and when we called the customer svc . number we were told that the parts missing were discontinued . Duh ! There are rough edges all over the cover and bottom grill . There were NO DIRECTIONS to install the bottom shelf.Horrible , horrible , horrible ! BUY A WEBER - IT COMES IN 2 PIECES !!!
 It took a VERY talented man over 6 hours to put this grill together . The parts included were insufficient and when we called the customer svc . number we were told that the parts missing were discontinued . Duh ! There are rough edges all over the cover and bottom grill . There were NO DIRECTIONS to install the bottom shelf.Horrible , horrible , horrible ! BUY A WEBER - IT COMES IN 2 PIECES !!!
 I waited for this tool to arrive to adjust my edger , and when it finally came the end of the tool was egg shaped . It would not fit in the recess where the adjustment is . I had to return the tool and believe it was poor quality control .
 I bought this due to issues with a raccoon and squirrels getting into my attic , this light has not had any effect as far as I can tell .
 I purchased this item because of the great reviews . We installed two of these strobe lights in our attic and they have not made one iota of difference in the squirrel invasion . I believe the animals are hiding under the insulation . Two days ago , one finally scratched its way through the drywall ceiling of our bathroom.We are ready to tear the roof off the house to get rid of them.Hopefully we can return these lights and get a refund.M
 Has not detered grey squirrels from my attic . We installed and operate it as directed but there is no effective on the squirrel -LRB- s -RRB- in my attic .
 Admittedly my attic is larger than the coverage stated for this product . However , I 've caught squirrels in a hav-a-hart track sitting plainly within this product 's reach . So I have to imagine folks looking to rid themselves of these biggers should try a trap first -LRB- and obviously plug up the entrances -RRB- before dropping what is a lot of money on this strobe light
 I installed two of these strobe lights and they did absolutely not bother my squirrels at all.I would not trust any review that said it worked.M
 The lights do n't work . I had heard about and even saw a local TV mister fixit recommend the strobe lights as a sure way to get rid of squirrels . Based on the recommendations and my attic configuration I purchased two lights -LRB- $ 500.00 -RRB- and installed them six weeks ago . Since installing the lights I have removed 10 squirrels using a `` havahart '' trap even with the lights . I must admit at first I thought it was the same squirrel coming back after freeing them only a few miles from the house.The last 5 have been released 20 miles from the house and in a manner that they are never coming back . Just before I fell asleep last night I heard another scampering in the attic , the lights do n't work . In fact the light may give the squirrels better light at night to find the peanut butter in the trap .
 seemed to work fine first month of use . I bought two and placed them throughout the small attic space above the bedroom.Yesterday I heard noise and went up to investigate and watched as a squirrel was standing directly in front of one of the strobes . It scurried away as soon as it saw me but did n't seem one bit deterred by the strobe.It probably works for others but not for us .
 it work for few days , after that this product does not work . if you already know the hold and use it to chase them out and cover the hold AS SOON AS they out , it may work , but it you use it for more than one week , it will not work at all . I do n't know where all of the testimonials come from on this website and on the manufacturers site . I have had these in the attic for over a week with 4-5 squirrels .
 For the price I would expect it to work a lot better than it has . We still have critters . : -LRB-
 My family move into this home in 2008 fall . We hear a lot of noise from attic from my master bedroom . We do n't know what we should do with them . So we just sample ignore them . Last year , someone told me they are maybe raccoon . I called one animal catcher company to setup cage . He was not success to catch any . In the winter of 2010 , I got really mad one evening . I was quietly working on my pc , I hear animal urinating in the attic right above my second floor office . I was determine to get them out .1 . I called the catcher to setup 2 cages since they found 2 holes on roof . But he failed to catch any .2 . I called another company . They were good . Within 2 monthes , with only one cage setup on the west half of roof near one tree from back yard , we caught 3 raccoons .3 . After these time , we hear attic was quiet for some time , we ask professional people to trim down 3 trees which are very close to the house . The tree trimmer said it should work for raccoon . But not squrrels since squrrels can jump 3 times farther than raccoons .4 . My house had water leak . This year there are 3 heavy rain in Chicago , we saw water running down the family room . So we called roofer to come to estimate cost to repair . They said there are totally 4 holes on roof . One hole was seal by the first animal catcher , it remind seal . The seconds was seal by the second catcher . The third and fourth hole is very small on the east side of roof , they looks like from squrrels not raccoon . -LRB- No wonder I am continous hear animal sound after 3 raccoon get caught -RRB- .5 . After each roofer come to estimate , they both place something temporaryly seal the holes , the animal come back at evening and did a lot of scraching and finally open them within 30 minutes . The leaking was caused by flashing need to replace .6 . At this time , I have already spend 7-8 visit from animal catcher , I am ready to replace roof . But feeling that animals will be back after replace roof scare me . I do n't want to thought 7-8 thousand aways . I start to go online and want to find something better . I found some ultra sounds production . I saw home depot review , lowes review , all of them has less than 50 % said working . I saw this light review , there are more better review then others , at least it is more than 50 % . So I decide to give it a try .7 . I bought 2 . Right before we installed it . My husband hear squrrels sound from 3 different place at the same time , so he think we have at least 3 squrrels on top of my master bedroom .8 . My husband went to attic and saw there are 3 main wood frame , he place the light on the most east side of wood frame since all the squrrels sounds was from east side of attic above my master bedroom . There is some effect we feel immediately . The area of animals sound was reduced to the most east side of attic . I do n't hear anything from middle section of attic any more .9 . For more than 2-3 weeks , we continous hear squrrels above my bed . They are mostly busy and noisy from 6:30 -8:30 . Today as I am writting this article , 8:45 , they are still very busy on top .10 . We think there are black out area , so my husband went back to attic yesterday and moved the light more east . But as you see , I hear sounds last night and this morning . They are running from North/South on the most east corner of my attic . So they never stop comes back to my homes . They are just limit to certain areas.I give it 2 of 5 stars since we had never hear they stop to come back .
 We 've had an Evictor 10K for several years and thought we were squirrel-free -LRB- we 've had an on-going problem with flying squirrels for many years . -RRB- This year following Hurricane Irene we were without power for six days and likewise after the early snow storm here in the northeast at the end of October another six days . Shortly thereafter we started hearing the squirrels again . I sent my 10K , whose bulb had dimmed from prolonged use , to Pest Tools to have a new strobe tube installed and bought a new Evictor 100K here on Amazon . I then placed both units working at full strength in the attic.These two units had no effect on the squirrels - they continued their activity night after night even with two Evictors going . I had one at each end of the attic to ensure full coverage . The worst noise came from the end of the attic where the 100K -LRB- most powerful -RRB- unit was installed.We waited for almost two weeks but the noise continued . We finally had to call a pest control company which blocked the squirrel entrances and subsequently removed eight flying squirrels . We are currently squirrel-free . It 's too late for us to return the 100K unit so we 're going to leave it and the 10K operating although we do n't have much confidence in this technology anymore.My advice , if you want to try these products , is to save the original packing materials , etc. in case you need to return them . Give them a 29-day test and , if they fail to work , return them while you can.Also , Pest Tools , after a very cordial initial relationship -LRB- they repaired my 10K unit for free -RRB- does not respond to my emails now . They promised me a $ 20 Amazon Gift Card in return for submitting an on-line review - which I did and it was a very positive review regarding their customer service . The card never showed up . Needless to say I 'm also reconsidering my estimation of Pest Tools customer service at this point .
 This product does not work . I do n't know where all of the testimonials come from on this website and on the manufacturers site . I have had these in the attic for over a week with 4-5 squirrels . They almost seem to be mocking the strobe light . I had two lights in a 1000 ' attic and yesterday I went up to check out the situation . Sitting at the edge of the attic where the roof line meets was a medium sized flying squirrel , staring at me and the strobe light right next to me . I stood and watched him for about 5 minutes . He did not blink , move or run away . As I started to walk back to the staircase he jumped back down between the joists . I have heard them constantly the last 24 hours . If they ultimately work I will revise/update my review but this is a WARNING to avoid this product . As of now , 7.5 days and just as loud and active as ever .
 Bought for husband to replace cotton one that rotted away in only two years . The poly cord is shedding whitish stuff which means he wo n't use it anymore . So the `` no rot '' aspect has been trumped by the `` ruins clothes and possibly toxic '' problems . We 've had it too long to return.Also , had to return the first one because the stretcher bar had a crack all the way through . You would think they would have seen that.UPDATE JULY 19 , 2008
 I purchased this hammock less than a year ago . Four months ago , I hung it in my backyard . Today , I went to lie down in it . The entire hammock tore apart -- litterally separated into two sections , leaving me on the ground . I weigh 160 lbs. , and I sat down on the hammock gently , by myself . I do n't know how they managed to develop a chord that decomposes so quickly and completely . You might want to buy this item as a prank gift , but it 's useless as a hammock .
 It broke in less then 60 days with very little use . And no , nobody in the house weighs more then the 500lb weight limit.It 's too late for return to Amazon and forget the so-called warranty . Outback Chairs stink . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON OUTBACK PRODUCTS .
 We had this less that 2 months and my 6 year old daughter sat down on it to get in it and ended up on the ground ! It completly came apart . I guess it just could n't hold her 50 pound body ! So dissappointed in this , it was truly junk , do n't waste your time or money ! These are completly worthless !
 I have owned this hammock for 2-3 months . It looks great and appears as if it will hold up well . It has been treated well , but today when I laid in it , the ropes from the spreader bars to the posts snapped in half leaving me lying on the ground . This has lasted less time than a cotton hammock and is not a good choice to purchase . Learn from my mistakes .
 It barely lasted a summer before it rotted & I fell through it . Save your money for a quality hammock , this is not it . A friend bought one right after me & his cracked and broke at the crossbar . So they 're 2 for 2 here , no good .
 Wrong item shipped . Took 4ever to get here . I was an idiot and did not realize this product was coming from another country.NEVER buy from these people . NEVER NEVER NEVER . Product was also of POOR quality . CHEAP . Wo n't even waste my time to try and exchange it
 Received the flag with only 13 stars and has 15 stripes . Not sure what country it is from but certainly not a US flag . Total waste of money .
 This item was shipped and received within a week.It 's a poorly sewn and printed flag . It 's a really flimsy thin polyester material that feels almost as thin as tissue . I ironed and pressed it but could n't get all the wrinkles out . The sewing on this flag is off ; the top and bottom are sewn just a little too short for the flag to lay completely flat when placed on a flat surface . This causes the flag to pucker in many places , if you like the rippled look then this is the flag for you . The ripples make it look like it 's in the wind , even though it 's hanging on a wall indoors . I only paid $ 5 for the flag , it 's true what people say , you get what you pay for .
 This piece of `` paper '' called a flag seems as though it was made out of recycled paper ! When I tried attaching it to the clip , the ring on the inside of the flag ripped and fell out ! Do n't waste your time and do n't buy one !
 The flag looks better in the picture , but when you open the box , prepare for dissapointment . I purchased 7 flags to present to my family upon my return home from Afghanistan . I refuse to give my family these flags as a gift . Now I am stuck with them because it is not worth it to send them back . The only reason they did not get 1 star is because they shipped fast .
 The flag is a decent price and the delivery was fast . My problem is that the flag came with one of the grommets not attached to the material .
 this flag is supposed to represent the GREATEST country on earth and the makers are at fault as well as the SELLER ! $ 5 is not much to spend but i HATE that i wasted it on a flag with this poor quality . the flag is only printed on one side of the polyester . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! i WOULD NOT recommend this product and definitely NOT THE SELLER to anyone . EVER .
 This is a very poor quality flag , dont waste your money . It wouldnt last 5 minutes if you put it on a flag pole . I just have it hanging on the wall , but being that close you can see ALL of the imperfections .
 I understand that you get what you pay for , but this is just awful . I was expecting cheap , thin material , but this flag is beyond defective . The blue portion is skewed and at an angle with the rest of the flag . Also , the white one the left side is virtually see through so you can see the dramatic angle of the blue material . The bottom red strip is also perpetually curled up , making it look thinner than the rest . I am not flying this flag , but hanging it on a wall . I imagine that it would last only a couple of hours if I flew it outside . The only reason I am giving it 2 instead of 1 stars is that it is cheap , so I have to expect some of this . The best comparison I can think of is Halloween costume quality.Although the flag is poor quality , this was delivered very promptly . It was folded and packaged well and fit into a small padded envelope .
 It is one big piece of Junk ! The material isvery thin and he prints colors ran into each other . The bottom line it may b worth the $ .01 but not the extra $ 4.99 fr shipping ad handling.Army , Navy & Military Flags - All Colors & Sizes !
 As posted before , the field of stars is out of dimension , goes half way across the flag . Other than that , it 's okay for $ 4 .
 very very thin , and came with one of the rings falling off of the flag , one strong wind and its gone , get somthing a little more durable .
 Not perfectly rectangular , cheap material , colors are not vibrant . If you need a cheap flag for indoor use only which will not be displayed , this will work . I discourage this flag being used for display , and do not recommend for outdoor use . If you need a cheap , low-quality , indoor flag for personal use , this works .
 Other flags may be sturdier , but you ca n't beat it for the price . Allows me to keep fresh , clean spares on hand without breaking the bank .
 Received the order very quickly . However , the flag was printed only on one side of the material . The colors show thru on the non-printed side , but appear washed out . However , since this flag was packaged together with a flag pole I wish I had known that the flag was not fit to be displayed on the pole . Also there was a spot of color bleaching on the star field -LRB- blue area of the flag -RRB- . I guess you get what you pay for .
 the flag is wrong the blue field takes up half of the width of the flag it is very disappointing to get a flag so many have fought for that is just laid out wrong
 This was a cheap flag made in China , with poor printed quality . If I 'm not mistaken , the American flag is only supposed to be made in America . Wheres a good class action lawyer when it really matters ?
 The flag was thin walmart grade thin cloth painted stars , stripes , etc. . Wish there was a $ 10 flag that was sewn , where I am located flags only last a couple of weeks .
 So I decided to go with a polyester flag as I had read that for high wind areas it was better than nylon ... well , I would n't suggest this particular flag because it looks cheap . Like REALLY cheap . Its very thin , feels almost like worn out cotton , and the printing is very sloppy , so the colors bleed and the stripes are kind of curved . I 'm almost embarrassed to try it on my flag pole ! I am hoping from 20ft above it wo n't look as cheap-o but I fear I wasted 5 bucks ... but I suppose what can you expect for 5 bucks right ? I would suggest this only if you need something disposable , like for a rally or game ... not for flying ...
 This is supposed to be a two sided flag but the backside is faded more than the front when new . This is not recommended.As an American soldier , I am embarassed to hang this flag due to the poor quality .
 Now granted this was rather cheap . But when I was getting it cheap I was expecting that to just be the materials . The dimensions on this flag are completely wrong . Its not even 3x5 ! And the blue portion takes about 1/3 of the entire flag up . The picture is misleading to what you actually get .
 Received the flag on 22 August and flew it every day . On 5 Oct , one of the grummets tore out and the other was rusted badly . Poor quality flag and the vendor would not replace outside of 30 days from delivery .
 Low quality fabric but ca n't complain because of the cheap price . But what made me unhappy is that the flag is not 5x3 . It 's actually 5x2 .75 might not seem like a big deal but I wanted to put this flag next to another flag on my wall but now I cant .
 One of my four numbers does n't work at all . Two of the other numbers work most of the time but not always . One of the numbers works great .
 I ordered these loppers for my son to use while I use the one I bought 15 years ago . This lopper has very thin metal at the cutters . It is three times thiner than mine . On small branches the blade bends and does not fully cut the branch sometimes . This lopper will not last long with heavy use .
 I would never buy one of these again . It seemed sturdy til it fell from about 3 1/2 feet & popped . It was the FIRST time I used it . Not good .
 I bought this because our hot water heater is out and will be for a few days while we wait for a part to come in . The pop off cap where you put the water in is hard to get off , but pops off if the bag is too full . The spout leaks . There is zero water pressure , so there is no `` shower '' . It 's just a trickle . It 's so heavy that you have to hang it on something really high and sturdy to get it high enough to rain down on you - or you have to be on your knees . I ended up washing up with hot water from the stove because this was n't even worth trying to use . I 'm going back to the store to see if there is a camp shower with a twist off cap and maybe a 3 gallon capacity . I do not recommend this at all .
 Item is total junk . The bag was less than full and used only as spare warm water . It was never used in the shower or hung as designed and simply tore the handle off clear across like a bag of chips on first use while carrying it in my hand . Bag came as a freebie with another item , I would have been angry if I had paid for it . I did however purchase the Advanced Elements 2.5 gal bags and am thrilled with them .
 I bought this camp shower and did n't even use it . On the box you are notified there are chemicals known to cause cancer in the shower . I promptly returned it .
 Very bad product . He/she has 2 problems
 I bought this along with two Coghlan 's Camp Showers.The Coghlan 's worked great and were tough.The Coleman leaked out of a seam before I could use it even once .
 Worked great the the first time I used it ; but the seam around the inlet plug pulled loose when I tried to refill . Plus 5 gal is very heavy . I replaced with a 3.5 gal from a different vendor and like it better .
 this thing is a piece of junk.the showerhead/spigot sticks and cracked the first time we used it.the filler plug is hard to open.the handle/hang loop started tearing the first time used.I am returning it for a refund
 The part where you fill it does n't seal at all , the cap leaks continuously so you ca n't put the bag in the sun oriented as described to do on the package . Completely unusable , Coleman should be embarrassed to put their name on this product .
 We purchased two of these since the ones we have -LRB- of a different brand -RRB- that had lasted several years were getting old . Neither one of the new Coleman showers lasted three weeks ! We live aboard our sailboat , and use these everyday so we do put a demand on them , but still ... one side 's split and the other the tube came out of . Hope all Coleman stuff has n't gone this cheap - used to be a good brand !
 Used this bag on 3 camping trips of 3 days in length ... so that is 9 days of use and the bag is no longer usable as it leaks ! Poor quality !
 I only bought one , but it split open at a seam after a couple of uses . I tried to glue and tape it back together , which held for a while but even so , the flow was pretty flimsy.Best to go with another brand .
 This did NOT work . We bought two - the first one split at at a seam the first time we tried to use it - and they never got very hot even sitting in the direct sun . Not worth the money - do n't know how to return them . Out the money
 I would have to agree with some of the other reviews . The first one we purchased split at the seam the very first time we used it . Assuming we were just unlucky , we replaced it with another one and eaxctly the same thing happened again . I am unable to recommend this product .
 I hung the camp shower up and within two days it came apart near the top . I have an older shower that has lasted for 3 years . I am not very impressed with the quality of the workmanship of this item .
 It was split at the seem and I was not able to use it even once . Low quality . Seemed like it would be good .
 Do not buy this shower !!! Similar to other reviews , mine also ripped at the seam after the 3rd use and after the second use the nozzle had a leak . I am currently awaiting the delivery of a different brand because I refuse to buy another one of these .
 Bought this shower and the Summer shower , which was half the price of this Coleman . The Coleman is cheaper , poorly designed in comparison , and LEAKS !!! You have tolay both showers flat to get the water hot , and the cheap snap in cap can not handle the pressure of anything more than a gallon of water ... the other product has a SCREW on cap , a built in thermometer , is made of heavier materials , has a MUCH better handle , and shames The Coleman brand . I am starting the return process as soon as I post this review ... it really sucks and was a huge disappointment after comparing it to a different brand , at HALF the price ... SHAME on you Coleman !
 This leaks at the hole where you fill it up once it 's full.leaked all over the car . . super pain and then no shower water.would not recommend
 3 of the 6 flags had broken staffs -- cheap plastic and shipped in an envelope with bubble wrap
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 the only issue i had was that the pump that the bed came with does not fill the bed all the way . it does n't have that much power . I had to use a bicycle pump with a different nozle to complete the job.that 's it .
 well it was great while it lasted . ordered dec 29th all of a sudden on feb 23 it stared to loose air . i am very careful . it was not damaged.has egg crate foam on top and sheet . my back pain was gone sleeping on this thing . to bad . going to try to send back warranty says 1 year . we will see .
 I was looking for a temporary bed to see me through about 8 months , while I saved up for a Sleep Number Bed , and remembered how well a inflatable Coleman camping bed had done when I needed a temporary bed about 6 years ago.That bed had been extremely comfortable , and had worked well under hard use -- two large people and two large dogs -- for well over a half year without a problem . In fact , it still was in solid condition when we finally let it go . So I purchased another Coleman product without reservation a few months back . I 've now been through three Coleman beds , and I 'm done.I initially purchased one of the newer Queen-sized Coleman beds , with the built in pump . That lasted about a month , with just myself and one dog sleeping on it.I was so confident in Coleman products , that I assumed this was just a fluke , and bought a second one . That one lasted just over a month before leaks around the built in pump did it in.I then went to Amazon and found reviews for the product -- one Amazon no longer seems to sell -- indicated that this was a reoccurring problem with that design . And decided to go back to the original , tested design of this model.It lasted 2 months . There are leaks all along the seam in the foot , and also around the Double Lock Valve.Needless to say , I am extremely disappointed in Coleman.Coleman -- damnit -- you used to put out a great product . Please figure out what you 're doing wrong and FIX IT .
 It states for indoor/outdoor use , but it was very cold to sleep on . We even used insulation . We would have been warmer on the ground . And we got the queen so we both could sleep , but if one person moves or rolls over , it almost bounces the other one off . We tried different levels of inflation and insulating the mattress , but it was just not a good fit for outdoor camping .
 The pumps need batteries and the mattress lose air easily over night , is not what i was expected , I read the comments before buying but i do not agree ...
 this item was not durable . it got a leak we can nopt find after 3 camping trips . price was low but maybe thats why . it came with a pump that is battery operated and works great
 The full size Coleman Quickbed 's air mattress leaked so much , we were constantly pulling out the pump to add more air . After a few weeks , a compression point popped . It was quickly followed by another , making the mattress look as if it had developed a goiter . We were going to return the air mattress , but were n't pleased with Coleman 's return policy and tossed the now unusable mattress.Coleman Full Size Quickbed with 4D Pump and Wrap 'N' Roll Storage
 I purchased three different Coleman beds , and all three pumps that came with the beds did n't work . The price is great , but without a working pump , the beds are obviously useless .
 Coleman has gone downhill in recent years . I guess to save money , they 've cheapened their products . Their air beds simply do not last . I purchased this item to replace a Coleman Full Quickbed purchased on Amazon less than 2 years ago . That one had only been used 4 times and was repeatedly losing air . This item was received a week ago . Out of the box it smelled AWFUL . Not the normal plastic-like smell , but a horrible chemical smell . I inflated it to air it out - by morning , 70 % of the air was gone . There was some note on a tag about the initial time you inflate it , the bed might lose SOME air . OK - so I re-inflated it and laid down on it . I only weigh 140 lbs and within 10 minutes the air was down 50 % . It 's being returned to Amazon today . Stay away from Coleman !!! This is the 4th air bed I 've had fail after less than 5 uses .
 The bed was nice to start , but also when I filled it , the bed had a weird bump in one of the corners . It did not last to long and ended up getting a leak in it .
 While the overall quality of the Coleman Double ComfortSmart Quickbed -LRB- w / Pump -RRB- was acceptasble , the description did not indicate what kind of pump -LRB- battery operated or DC -RRB- was included . We were disappointed to find that the pump , which apparently impacts the price of the product dramatically , was a cheap , plastic container , for which four `` D '' batteries needed to be purchased . The description failed to explain this . A similar product , w/o the `` pump '' was located at a grocery store for less than 1/3 the price.Overall , VERY over priced with misleading -LRB- incomplete -RRB- copy . Product would have been returned immediately if not needed .
 Like many other reviewers , I am very disappointed that the Coleman name is on this product . While we were without a guest bed , it was used very infrequently . Probably no more than 5 times in 9 months . Then it started losing air . I could not locate the leak so into the trash this goes . I wish they had a zero star category . This really deserves no stars . Do n't buy this product .
 First of all , the seller , Camping Station , did good . Product arrived packaged adequately and on time.The mattress would not hold air for even an hour and we could n't find any discernable leak , so I contacted Coleman -LRB- as directed by a sheet packed with the mattress -RRB- on 5/30 . -LRB- The seller also confirmed this . -RRB- Coleman answered quickly and requested digital photographs showing the defect and another photograph of the date code on the mattress with the `` Incident Number '' written on the mattress with a permanent marker.I did this and immediately received a reply from Coleman that a new mattress was on the way . The reply showed the correct part number for a complete mattress with 4D inflation pump -- like I needed another . No mention of the defective mattress.On 6/11 I got a 4 '' - cubed box containing two inflation adapters . Shipping weight on the manifest of 0.30 lb . Order marked complete . *** In the meantime I 'm using my single-size Coleman mattress that stays inflated for weeks a a time when I go camping . *** 6/18/2012 Update
 Mattress is smaller than a full-sized mattress and leaks . Ca n't return to Amazon , but must pay extra to ship back to manufacturer . It 's a disappointment because I chose a Coleman over an Aerobed because most reviewers did not have leak issues .
 I purchased this based on good Amazon reviews . My husband moved our house three weeks before my 10-year-old and I finished the school year , so we stayed behind and I bought this for us to sleep on . I spent double what the cheap mattresses cost . It all works great , but I have to get up every three hours and reinflate it or else we 're on the hardwood floor .
 I 've had 4 of these mattresses over the last 3 years . I am not rough on them , I do not use them in unsafe conditions and yet time after time they leak to no avail . The leaking of air starts usually after the 3rd or 4th use . At which time , you wake up touching the ground beneath the mattress ! I 'm done with Coleman air mattresses and urge everyone willing to listen to look elsewhere for similar products !
 We tried this mattress for several night and it absolutely would not hold air . Sent it back . What a pain in the neck .
 The mattress inflated quickly and then deflated just as quick ... seals and openings were closed , I think it was just a product defect
 I pulled the mattress out of the box , and placed it on a freshly vacuumed and mopped hard wood floor and slept on it for two weeks . Because of the reviews I had read before buying , we were excessively gentle with it . when my new home was ready , we very gently rolled it up and moved it ten minutes away . My friend made fun of me for being so protective of it . It was deflated for maybe a half hour.At the new place , I again laid it on a very clean floor . It stayed inflated for maybe an hour . It never worked again.Seriously , I hate air mattresses , and this one is another great example of why . I needed it for 6 weeks , and I got 2 . Thanks for nothing Coleman !
 I got this mattress and tried to pump it , but noticed , that there was a hole -LRB- at last one -RRB- for about 4mm in length on the top side . As i can see , this guys are n't even checking their `` production '' . Do n't buy this crap - you 'll just waste your money .
 I bought a coleman mattress 1 year ago and after 6 months , it would deflate over night ... I bought a 2nd one since I already had the pump ... The 2nd was delivered with a leak . In the instructions it said that this was normal for the mattress to deflate a little at first ... so I waited a month ... By now it deflates completely but it is too late too return . My recommendation
 Do not buy this ! We repotted most of our plants with the soil and the one 's with the soil are full of gnats . The one 's that we did n't use it on do n't have any . The potting soil has caused gnats to get everywhere in our house . I almost bit into a snadwich today with a gnat right where I was about to take a bite . They 've been found in other food , drinks , dive bombing peoples heads and everywhere in between . So , unless you really like gnats , I would suggest another brand and DEFINITELY NOT this one !!!!
 I also purchased this potting soil and repotted all the plants in my home . Now I have gnats everywhere . I thought this was the best potting soil and paid more for it only to end up with gnats . Hundreds of them . I wish I had read the previous post before . Do not buy this product . Now it will cost me double to buy another brand and the work of repotting about 40 plants .
 I 've always bought Miracle Grow , it WAS good . The last 2 years it ' has really gone downhill fast . I 've tried their potting mix , African violet soil and the worst of all , Moisture Control . I also get gnats flying all around my house . The soil is so bad ! I have found every thing from sticks to rocks in the soil . And when watering plants , the water just sits there on top . The soil does n't soak up the water . The African voilet soil also does not retain water , shoots right through to the tray and then wo n't soak it back up into the pot , the water just sits there . The Moisture Control soil is a nightmare ! I 've had plants actually rot at the roots , and I did n't water them for over 2 weeks ! My plants have never looked so sickly . My husband laughingly looked at it the soil and asked me if I were planting my flowers in peat moss ? I did n't laugh . The soil I bought just this weekend for outdoor pots , smelled horrible ! I had to keep the windows open during the trip home . I 've also opened bags of soil that had mold in it ! This company needs to change , change back to what they were previously 'cause I for one am going to look for a different brand .
 We repotted about a dozen houseplants a month ago with Miracal Gro potting soil . I 've sprayed the soil with indoor insecticide and these little bugs just look up at me a laugh . Insecticidal soap does n't faze them either . Let 's see ... Miracle Gro is a division of Ortho and Ortho sells bug spray . Conspiracy theories anyone ?
 I keep buying a bag every year to see if they have changed their methods of production but as the saying goes `` you get what you pay for '' . This used to be a great product but starting a couple years ago they stopped screening it . It is now at least a quarter woody material , 1/4 -3 inch pieces . This would actually be great for mulching trees and shrubs if it were n't way to expensive for that purpose . Spend the money , buy pro-mix and save yourself a lot of time and problems .
 I 've been using this for the past few years , but this year , I 've not only found the bugs , but I actually have a WEED that grew and punctured through the bag ! I kept wondering where all the weeds were coming from in my planter boxes , and now I know !
 Like the other reviewers , I too have had bad luck with this brand of potting soil . I had purchased several bags and repotted a lot of my house plants with it , and all those that I did started having gnat problems within a week . Its been very frustrating , they get everywhere but seem to leave my plants that I did n't repot with this particular potting soil alone .
 I too have been `` bugged '' by black flying insects in my Miracle-Gro potting soil . I 've thrown out bug-contaminated soil , and sprayed with insect killer . I went online to see if others were having the same problem with Miracle-Gro soil , and they have . I also wrote an email to Scott 's , the company that manufactures Miracle-Gro , and am hoping to get a response -LRB- probably not , but you never know ! -RRB- In the meanwhile , I 'm going to see if I can find a cleaner soil to pot my plants in .
 I transplanted a ficus to a larger pot -LRB- no gnats previously -RRB- , and soon after our bathroom was infested with gnats . I like the response I get from my plants outdoors with MiracleGro 's potting mix , but I will never use this again for indoor plants .
 I bought this for all my deck containers this year , and I 'm not really that impressed with it . The plants look fine , but I have way fewer flowers than I 've ever had using regular potting soil . I also had two plants die , and I have no idea why . I read one other review that said her plants were cooking in the sun - that the contents of her containers felt HOT to her . This could be my exact problem as well . Both plants that died were in full sun . Next year I will buy regular potting soil and a big package of Miracle Grow plant food instead !
 This soil is unpredictable , except that it 's definitely deadly if you add fertilizer during the first two months . By unpredictable , I mean even without adding fertilizer , it may burn your plants due to hot spots in the soil , where the 6 months of time release nutrients come out all at once.Don ' t use this on prize garden stock without testing first . You simply can not control the nutrient uptake with this potting soil .
 Do n't buy this soil ; it 's full of flying black bugs . Check the Internet with a search for Miracle Grow organic potting soil and bugs and you 'll find I 'm far from alone . Disgusting .
 I too have had tons of gnats come out of the potting soil . Did n't they sterilize soil in the past ? I bought it to make grow grass seeds for the cats to chew on.I would spray it with bug spray but for the fact that I do n't want to poison the cats . I 've had some of the soil in planter for 2 months and its still making gnats . I did n't have that problem with the soil that came with the Chia novelty cat grass seeds and soil . The Miracle potting mix has a lot of wood chips in it . I would prefer 100 % soil instead of 25 % wood chips that cause the gnats . I guess Potting Mix is different than Potting soil . I used to sell New Era potting soil that was good dark earth with nothing else added to it . Live and learn .
 I bought this potting mix a few months ago and about a month ago I started seeing the gnats , which have been increasing daily . My plants are indoors so I was wondering where they came from . Yesterday I opened up the potting soil bag to repot a plant and found the inside of the bag crawling with the bugs . Maybe it was just a bad batch but I would suggest trying a different brand of potting mix to be sure .
 I bought 4 bags of this stuff and repotted everything in my house . Within a week I had gnats all over my house . I have tried everything and cant get rid of them ! Terrible , use a different organic product .
 Do n't the sellers read these reviews and say something to the manufacturer . It is a terrible that Amazon can sell this product to the public .
 We just went through a bout with fungus gnats and I kept shaking my head because I keep a clean house and do n't overwater my plants.Asked the DH to pick up potting soil last week to repot my spider plant . Looked in the bag and there were bugs all through the soil as well as these tiny egg-looking bits . So I sprayed pyrmethrin in the bag and resealed it , hoping that would be a good fix . So far I have only seen 4-5 gnats but if I had n't been in a bind I would have tossed the bag in the trash .
 I repotted all my house plants with Miracle Gro last year . All got gnats and earthworms -LRB- potted plants do n't like earthworms -RRB- . My plants were never so unhappy and sickly . Not sure that it was the soil to blame , I repotted all the plants with a fresh bag of Miracle Gro in spring -LRB- after soaking the roots in water bucket overnight to get rid of the earthworms -RRB- . Still have gnat and earthworm problems.So it seems that Miracle Gro did not just stop screening the soil . The mix was not heat-treated properly to kill larvae and stuff . Do not use this brand , unless you want unhappy plants , gnat infestation , and earthworms !
 I have 4 enormous ornamental planters in my gardens , which I have planted with purchased annuals for over 20 years . I am very experienced , and these planters have excellent drainage . This year , I switched the potting soil out for Miracle Gro Moisture Control . I flooded the planters before putting the plants in - several times . I planted them , and watered every single day from necessity . This soil product felt moist , but none was shared with the plants - their soil root balls stayed bone dry . The 2 planters in full sun had dying plants . I plunged my arm at least 25 inches down into the planters and the soil was hotter than beach sand , all the way down . This product somehow retains heat and was cooking my plants . When I removed this soil , I was surprised to find big pockets of it that were dust dry . The 2 planters in shade did a little better , but no plant growth whatsoever . Maybe if the plants grew in this from seed , they would do better , but you ca n't put plants in root balls into it - this soil just wo n't let the moisture leach into adjacent soils . And it cooks them . If your plants are still alive , rescue them and replace the soil . I do n't know what this stuff is , but I would definitely not eat anything grown in it .
 I have not used this in few years , but a bought the biggest bag lowes had for around 10 or 12 bucks.I planted some seedlings in a hurry , no sooner got them potted and realized the mistake I made.It is 50 % wood chips and pine bark that actually smells like it came from a forest fire.There is nothing it it that even looks like soil.This is just a friendly note to anyone thinking of using this.DONT DO IT , this is crap , junk , the worst.I wont call it garbage , because decomposed food would be way better.I will never buy anything with the Miracle-Gro name on it again .
 Like the other reviewers wrote , GNATS !!!! I first noticed little clear worms in my soil , and soon I had little black flies buzzing around . I tried everything I could to get rid of them , including drenching the soil with chamomile tea -LRB- I know that moist soil helps them , but chamomile is supposed to kill the larvae -RRB- , but last night I found more larvae in my pot ! I sprinkled the surface with cinnamon , which I read helps , but I have little faith . One of my pots has a strange green moss-like thing growing across the surface . I 've since bought cheapo stuff that has no problem with bugs or moss ! I did n't think I had to look up reviews for something like potting soil from a reputable company like Miracle-Gro , but obviously I was wrong . Stay away !
 Gnats everywhere . It also comes bone dry , which means if you plant your seeds/plants without reconstituting first , you will never be able to water the pots enough for the water to soak throughout the mix . I use Miracle-Gro plant food , which works great , but the same can not be said for their potting soil .
 Like many others have said , Gnats ! It would be a fine product except for that . Used some insecticidal soap , so far so good . Caveat emptor !
 I re-potted all my plants in the fall of 2010 and spent a fortune all winter trying to get rid of these bugs ! I never even considered the soil . . I thought I brought them in from a new plant purchase but could n't understand how they could multiply so rapidly . When I heard my husband clapping his hands as they were flying around his desk downstairs -LRB- where there are no plants -RRB- I went into my potting room and opened the bag . BUSTED ! I could n't get that bag outside fast enough!I ended up throwing out many of my favorite plants -LRB- some very old ones -RRB- and now I 'm starting from scratch . In this case I did n't get what I paid for but a whole lot more than I bargained for!As for the reviewer who claims it 's from over watering ... I ca n't agree . I 've been an avid indoor and outdoor gardener for over 30 years and I NEVER experienced anything like this . Yes , be sure you have good drainage and do n't water all plants the same . Different plants have different requirements . Maybe all bags are n't infested but I 'll not take that chance again !
 We never got to sleep on this bed , although it seemed like it would have been quite comfortable , except for one major issue
 I have bought two of these twin Colemans . They are very comfortable and easy to inflate/deflate with the pump . One of them has already sprung a slow leak that I was unable to locate . The other is doing fine , but has n't been used very many times . The reason I bought the twin size is because they seemed to have better ratings from a leak perspective . 12-2012 update
 My queen size bed did n't fit in my new apartment , so I bought this to use this as a temporary everyday bed for a year . It held up for about 3.5 months before it started slowly leaking . Do n't be fooled by the advertising ... it 's true that the `` Coleman 's Airtight System - Advanced Double Lock Valve '' does n't leak . The VALVE does n't leak but the ridges -LRB- the oval ring things -RRB- on top of the bed sure do ! I was able to fix the first leak with some superglue to fill the hole , but more leaks just kept creeping up . I suppose for this price , 4 months of continuous use is n't too bad .
 My brother came to visit us last month . We bought this bed for him . It is a twin double high airbed . It looks very comfortable , but it acts like a big bowl with no base rim . On the first night , brother B said the bed is pushing him off from it like an exercising ball . We let the air out a bit and wished he had a good night sleep . On the second night , brother B said he did fine sleeping right in the center , but when he turned to one side of the bed , the other side of the bed tipped up and spit him right out of the bed.It is a comfortable bed , but better get a wider one to prevent the tipping of the bed and spilling of your guest , unless it is your secret intention.Coleman Twin Double-High Quickbed with Electric Pump
 We bought this air mattress to keep in the closet just in case overnight guests needed it . Four months after buying it , we had occasion to use it , took it out of the original packing , inflated it -LRB- as I have done for years with various Aerobeds -RRB- , and it immediately leaked and was absolutely useless ! So I tried to return it , but Amazon wo n't process the return because it 's more than 30 days . This policy makes no sense . Does this mean that everything we buy on Amazon we must use immediately ? That might work for food , but not for all items - sometime you buy things for later use -LRB- like a guest bed -RRB- -- and now we 're stuck with a pricey , useless guest bed ? I 've got to say that Amazon needs to change this policy , and Coleman needs to make a better product . This is unacceptable on all sides .
 The electric pump cracked two days after having it and the mattress sprung a leak after a week of indoor use .
 The service for buying was very good , It is saying here that I bought a Queen Double-High . Not so . I had ordered a single Airbed and that is what I recieved . The only problem is it do n't hold it 's air well . I do n't want to pay shipping or fight to send it back so just put it away.Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump
 We enjoyed this mattress for the few times that it worked . After about 8 inflations a hole caused by a weak joint in a seam made it worthless .
 We have only had this bed about 2 or 3 months and have used it 6 times before the first two holes developed around one of the depressed areas . I repaired it and got another use out of it before another hole developed in the same area . Now there are 3 half inch holes within a two inch area . I am expecting more holes to come .
 I did n't buy it from Amazon . . I bought it from Big 5 Sporting Goods . . this is my second one and no matter where I purchased it from the fact remains that the BRAND is the same and I 've been through TWO of these . . they kept ripping on the `` dips '' at the seam so that they ca n't be fixed wth !? What a waste of $ 69.99
 We 're having long term house guests and we bought this bed out of sheer desperation . When I saw this was a Coleman , I hesitated because I 've had very bad results from Coleman air mattresses in the past . But , it was cheaper than on Aerobed and the last time I bought I Coleman was years ago . So , I figured they should have gotten better by now , right ? WRONG!Within two weeks , a large gash appeared at one of the circles and slowly started spreading around the circumference . We did the whole warranty thing ... got a replacement matttress ... only for the SAME THING to happen again , this time on a differenct circle!Now , we 're out a bed and my guests now must sleep on the floor . I will never buy from this company again !
 Bed sprung a leak after less then 3 weeks of use , pulling apart at the seams around the indentations on the top . I patched the two holes I could find but it continues to deflate . Coleman is refusing to honor the warranty and replace it , claiming that the item is out of stock .
 its waste of money.i just used it for 5 days it had a hole in it.onces again its waste of money ...
 I purchased this air mattress after having experienced sleeping on the queen coleman quick bed 2x before and thought it would be a good alternative . From the time I bought it in early August , I had problems with losing air every 2 days and with uneven distribution of air throughout the mattress . Once blown up , the mattress had a big lump in the middle of the mattress . The head of the bed would lose air first and deflate while the middle humped up . Finally , this weekend it started losing air every 6 hours . Last night the mattress deflated with a 1/2 inch hole in the middle . Now I have to try to fix it or buy another air mattress . I feel duped by the company . Poor structural quality . Do n't waste your money .
 It took 20-mins for the first time to fill air inthe bed.In 2-weeks the seal between two layers gone and I am not able to user this product.Vivek James .
 The first time we used this bed it was great ! Slept 1 petite female and held air all night , it was also very easy to deflate & repackage . Every use after that it will not hold air . No obvious leaks or tears and its only been used a handfull of times . Would not recommend or re-purchase .
 I bought for a gift and the pump was broke and it tore easy . Was very embarresed because I gave my daughter garbage for Christmas . There was now way to even repair it . Will not buy again !
 Having friends over for a couple of days , I decided to buy an air mattress . I went to the store and decided to purchase the most expensive items on the shelves -LRB- Coleman Queen double high airbed -RRB- to make sure I do n't get any suprises in regards to my friends comfort . Well , after a couple of uses , the bed started deflating during the night -LRB- I was extremely careful each time I put it away to avoid puncturing it -RRB- and now it deflates so much I can not use it anymore ... I did read the manual that comes with it and I did check the valve , the pump etc. . . I am not that dumb when it comes to this , so I guess I just wasted my money , a bad choice ... poor quality . Do n't waste your time and money , buy a futon .
 Coleman airbeds and air mattresses are complete garbage . I purchased a queen sized airbed for $ 70 , which totally deflated the very first time I used it . Unfortunately I was on a camping trip and needed to purchase a replacement the following day . The only store in the area was a Walmart , which only had Coleman air mattresses in stock . I purchased the air mattress and took it back to the campsite , only to find it also did not hold air . Not only am I out $ 100 now , since the stores refuse to refund my money , but my entire weekend camping trip was destroyed . I am going to stick with Thermorest air pads , which last almost forever . DO NOT BUY COLEMAN PRODUCTS , YOU WILL REGRET IT !!!!!!
 This product is advertised as having a built-in pump . It is not built-in . It is a separate electric pump without the necessary power to inflate the airbed . I spent 45 minutes trying to get this thing to a point where it could be comfortably slept on . Did n't happen . I 'm very disappointed with the , what appears to be , inaccurate advertising .
 i have been trying to return this item to LG OUTDOORSfor several weeks i have e-mailed and telephoned requestinga return authorizationthey have not returned or responded to either communicationit is unused
 I have been using the airbed for friends and family when they come to visit . I mistakenly thought that because this bed was larger than the original twin Coleman airbed that I bought , it would last longer . It did not . After a couple of uses , my friends complained that the bed slowly deflated during the night . It is pretty much useless now .
 The first bed I bourght was leaking after 3 weeks . Fortunately , I realized this when I got up in the morning . I thought I was uncareful when I was sleeping over it during the night -LRB- but how unlikely is that -RRB- . Then I bought another one . After 2 weeks , it began to concave in the middle and I was sour everywhere the next morning . And the worst thing happened . When I woke up at 1 am , I found myself imbedded in the bed . It is leaking again . It was 1 am in the morning !!! Finally , I had to deflate the bed , and slept on the deflated bed for the rest of the night . It is a nightmare .
 Bought the Coleman queen double high airbed last year for camping . Used it for two camping trips -LRB- total of 4 nights -RRB- , worked great . Brought it for camping this year and leaked so bad that we were on the floor by the next morning . What a waste of money ! I 've gone through 2 Coleman mattress in 3 years of camping , both only lasted through a couple of uses . I 'm buying an aerobed next !
 The mattress inflates/deflates quickly with the included pump . Packing the mattress is simple and convenient . It was comfortable , but durability is an issue . This mattress leaks.The first time I bought this mattress it lasted for about a month and then began to leak . The mattress was placed on top of a rug and did not come into contact with the wall or other furniture . I returned it to the store in exchange for another one.The second one lasted a little longer , but again began to leak . The mattress has a series of circular indentations on the top . A small pinhole-size leak had occurred along the seam of one of these indentations . I patched the hole with a small piece of duct tape . It held for another week , before another pinhole-size leak sprung in another one of the circular indentations . I suspect these circular indentations are a design flaw , as I repaired multiple leaks in these areas before calling it quits and going with a new brand.I 've gone with an Intex mattress which is relatively the same size . The mattress has long I-beam indentations and these seem to distribute weight better and it has been leak free for over a week . Unlike the Coleman , the Intex included a patch kit should a leak eventually occur .
 After the second use of the bed , it began deflating itself after about an hour . What 's the point ? Also could not find any obvious leaks and the valve seemed fine . I would not recommend this product.Also purchased the warranty , but when I called KMART for a claim , they referred me to Coleman , who , after keeping me on hold forever , requires return shipping with no local repair provider . I did n't pay that much for the bed , so it 's pretty much pointless .
 The bed came with all the mentioned accessories . I slept on it for 5 days , did n't find much problems . Filled the air 2 times to adjust the comfort in 5 days . From 6th day it started deflating it self . It became really mess during night to get up and fill it again . Probably , needed to use a little more reinforced material to last longer .
 This bed was so very comfortable for the hour or so it held air . I had to add air four times in six hours and still awoke deeply embedded in the bed.As the pump is a separate entity , I had to drag it out and connect it each time . Needless to say , I did n't get much sleep.Having used an AeroBed raised air mattress as my primary sleep mattress for the past three years , I am aware of how to care for an air bed and was careful not to over-inflate it.The valve itself did not leak ; I will grant them that much . There must have been a weak seam or something because there were no visible punctures that I could find upon inspection in the morning.By the way , the trick to not losing air in the mattress as you disconnect the pump is to push in the double-lock valve before switching off the pump . Then just close the outer seal after removing the pump nozzle .
 To call this a bad machette would be to generous . It is more accurately described as a machette shaped object.As other have noted the blade is thin , too flexible , easily rusts , and fails to hold an edge . The handle is poorly made and mine had sharp edges where the handle halves were joined . If you use it without wearing gloves this `` tool '' will do more dammage to your hand than to the target vegetation.Th sheath material is 1 step above paper . Technically it will hold the machette on your belt . But if you draw the machette with anything other than utmost care you will cut the sheath.I ca n't believe a company with a valuable name like Coleman would put their brand on this embarassing piece of garbage .
 This tool will not take an edge , either with a grinder or a file . It is very flexible so that the energy of a blow goes into flexing the blade rather than cutting stems , which has undesirable consequences for your hand . If you are looking for a useful tool , keep looking .
 These Coleman machetes are essentially useless . They are so lightweight and flexible , I do n't know what they intended them to be used for . They will cut some weeds , but they wo n't cut through brush or any woody plants thicker than maybe 1/2 inch . I have used a few of these , as they are the most commonly available at the hardware stores where I live . They also rust badly.You 're much better off with an Ontario Knife machete , or another better machete .
 I bought this so my son could have a cheap machete.It is cheap but it is not a machete . This is a dangerous piece of flimsy metal designed to injure the wielder . Plants laugh at this pathetic impostor and I highly recommend you never look at this page again.I 'm serious ... I took one swing with this thing and knew I would never use it . It has no balance , no feel , no blade , and I could break it if I wanted to.For your own good click the ` back button ' on your browser and step away from this `` machete '' .
 If a crazy person ever attacks me with a machete , I sure hope they are using one of these pieces of **** . My guess is that Wal-Mart wanted a name brand machete on the shelf for a stupid low price . They convinced Coleman to sellout their name -LRB- and Coleman makes some cheap stuff -RRB- and this was the result .
 i have had this knife professionally sharpened a few times , and it can not hold an edge for more than 2 or 3 cuts . it is like trying to beat down the vegetation . makes almost no difference which side of the machete you use to cut with , it is so terrible . a complete waste of money , material , not even worth the packaging it is wrapped in . shame on Coleman .
 I hate it when a company that is known for brining cheap but quality items to there costumers falls flat on it 's face . Unfortunately this machete just might be theone item Coleman may never live down . I bought this item for a vary small task , clearing some small saplings away from my property , and it lasted a whole 3 minbefore I had to stop using it . First off I want to point out that I only got this machete for this ONE job . I have actual machetes I take when camping or hiking and ifthat is what you are looking for then please do n't get this . While using this machete on VARY light work I found out quick that this is not full tang . After a few strikeswith this , part of the handle broke through the cheap plastic handle and cut me . I would also like to add that this comes with almost no factory edge . Now I know thatyou ca n't expect much from something this cheap but I feel like I should at least get something that can handle it 's smallest task.For a little more money I would recommend getting something like a SOG machete . In-fact Amazon has one for sell thats about $ 25 and it 's actually a well made product.Heck , it even comes with a sheath ! And speaking of sheaths I forgot to say that the sheath on the Coleman 's machete is so crappy that I am surprised it 's even consideredone . There is no support on it and it 's paper thin . Honest to god people just save your money and buy something else .
 terrible machete.Had one , and it bent in half when trying to chop a sappling.Hit the blade against a colombian machete , and the coleman had a big cut into it , and the real machete was almost perfect .
 Stay far way from this Coleman Machete as it is every bit as bad as the bulk of the other reviews indicate , seriously . Unfortunately I did n't read the reviews before picking this up at a local big box store . Here are my observations : - Not Sharp ; comes very dull and defies my attempts with a grinder to hold an edge - Flimsy ; the blade metal is way too thin to make this useful - Uncomfortable Grip ; plastic seams need to be trimmed down - Lightweight Sheath ; thankfully the machete is so dull that it is n't likely to cut through itThis really should be avoided!Not Recommended!CFH
 Maybe it was my mistake as I thought if you buy a chair the seat covers come with them since I did n't see -LRB- Chair Only -RRB- . Also , make sure you get the right height . I have to buy the chair and cover again .
 I purchased a director 's chair . I was very surprised to receive the product and discover that there were no covers . I looked back at Amazon to see if it was my error but I do n't think it was . No where is there an indication that I was purchasing just the frame and that covers are sold separately . When I called customer support at Homevisions they had no excuse for the error . In fact , they did n't seem to know anything about how the product was advertised on Amazon . I now have to purchase covers . I will not do business with this company again .
 they sent me no covers and when I called customer support , they told me to shut-up and then said I was a filthy animal and then hung up on me .
 The item received was different than the one pictured . The picture shows `` Ace Hardware '' brand knobs that are black with a silver trim around it . What I received was all black with no trim and was a different brand . What is the point of having a picture of a different item ? That is not very helpful when people are trying to comparison shop for something . On the flip side , this set of knobs was pretty cheap , so I guess I can live with them until they break like my original ones did , and by the look and feel of them , I do n't think that will take very long .
 The product is fine ... it just is n't what I ordered . The color scheme AND design is different . I would not have ordered it as it came .
 I bought this fountain and live in CO where sun is intense most of the time . It clogs easily and stops working . I did solve this by wrapping the bottom of the pump with leftover filtering material from our cut to fit furnace filter , but it only lasted about a year and the solar panel no longer works . When it works it is a nice little fountain ... but be prepared to have it die after a season .
 i bought several of these from various dealers , at one time . i have one left after 1 yr . pumps went bad , solar panel goes bad . the unit when working is cool . but for the money , not so cool ! i do believe the problems lies in the solar panel.these were brought in over the winter also.le
 Dont buy this Solar floating Pond Lily . This is the worst item I ever purchased from Amazon . I dont understand how can Amazon sell this thing . This pump has no power the pump the water . I waisted money to ship this thing back , Amazon did not pay for the shipping back to their warehouse.DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM
 I bought this for our swimming pool , thinking it would add a nice feature on sunny days . Less than a month after we put it in the water it stopped working . Needless to say it was a big disappointment . Do n't bother .
 I was quite happy to receive the product and when it came I started using it immediatly . However , when the adapter that plugs into the lighter socket became bent it now just falls out of the socket . This is a problem that could be rectified easy by Xantrex by sending me another cord/adapter but they refuse to answer my emails . I am really mad that they are just ignoring me . HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE
 Very carefully soaked and planted hundreds of these seeds . After more than a month , nothing . Not a single sprout . Seeds are DOA .
 I was disappointed in this order when it arrived . The seeds were packaged in individual paper envelopes which showed no information on planting depth , germination , sun , soil , watering needs , etc. . There were also fewer seeds than the pictures shows in the plastic bags . It is too early to know how well they will grow .
 pretty much all of the seeds I planted sprouted and then died . They just do n't seem to be very stock . I would not recommend , and next time I will try another brand .
 Followed the directions . You must soak these over night as per the directions . I did n't get one plant to grow . I used the Jiffy 5032 Professional Greenhouse 25-Plant Starter kitBig waste of $ . Lesson learned .
 I followed the directions to the max and they did not grow , tried it twice , fresh dirt and new pot , no go ...
 Product was fine when I finally got it . The company made a FedX label and never sent me the product . I had to call FedX and they told me this . Then I had to e-mail the company and tell them and finally they sent me the order over a month late . It was a disappointing experience . I will not shop from this store again.Disappointed ...
 Very disappointed in this sellers packaging . They came in one big mylar envelope each in a small labeled white paper packet . They have an est amount of seeds contained and it is grossly over stated.The Thyme seemed empty so I opened it ... I counted the seeds.Estimate was 100 , I got 29 . Sage ... Estimate was 150 I got just over 100 . I feel ripped off but it is too much a hassle to return . Avoid this seller at all costs .
 Grossly overpriced item . No planting or growing information included in shipment . I 'm sorry I purchased this item and would not repeat the purchase . I 'll go to a home store or garden shop in the future to purchase seed packages . Much better bang for the buck .
 Seeds were old . It took forever for them to germinate . Some seeds did n't germinatre at all . You 'd be better off buying seeds at local stores .
 The packaging and timeliness of the product was fine , but unfortunately the seeds were not good at all , till present none of the seedlings have sprouted in fact they basically rotted in the peat moss mixture for germinating . I am very disappointed , because I normally would n't trust any place except Burpee seeds or Gardner Supply .
 I will never order from this company again . The amount they charged for shipping such a small package was outrageous . When I placed this order , I also placed 2 other orders , book orders , with other vendors ; their shipping rate was much cheaper and I received both book shipments the day after my herb seeds arrived . You pay this huge shipping cost to be sent FedEx yet I received my book order via postal service at a much better rate and almost as timely manner . Plus I placed my ordered because of the reviews , others wrote stating that their seeds arrived in small pill type containers , my ordered arrived in plain white seed packets . I was giving this as a gift and very disappointment . I would have been better off if I had gone to a local nursery and purchased seed packets . Again , I will never use this company again , a huge rip off !!!!
 It appeared that this product was a good value for the money . I received mine today and proceeded to read the enclosed information for instructions . Most of the information is good to know , especially the nutrition information on each and every herb . I did deduct for seed size because some of them are so tiny . You are directed to soak them from 10-24 hours . I did not because some of the tiny seeds seemed as small as fleas that you might find on an animal.I did not know how I could ever find them again in water . I just placed each seed type in its own little plastic planter with organic potting soil . I then watered all of the planter cups liberally . I think I may loose over 35 % due to the number of tiny seeds and no clear instructions on how deep to plant them . Forget the soaking unless you own a lab with tiny tools!I would think that the manufacturer could come up with a better way to deal with the seeds that are very tiny?If I had to do it over again I would probably place the smallest seeds on plain wet paper towels to see if they would germinate .
 I bought a small bag and a large bag for an overnight whitewater trip . The small bag worked fine but do n't waste your money for the large bag , spend a little more and get a bag with a guarantee .
 This bag is enormous and not flexible like some of the other materials dry bags are made of . I did n't like it .
 These seeds were inexpensive , but
 I too have had the blue 512mb one for about a year . I use it for both running and swimming . It does work great in and out of the water , however most of the bad reviews listed here are justified . The unit does work but from time to time it freezes up or resets in the middle of use . Sometimes after a half hour or an hour or so it may just stop and you have to reset it . Hence the reason why they probably included a reset switch . Sometimes after a song it just resets itself and just sits at the opening screen . Other times hitting the volume or next song button it resets or freezes too.I can live with that while running but I can not stand it when it freezes while I swim or bike . Since you have to screw on the swim headphones over the reset button you can not reset the unit when it freezes while you swim . So , if you are doing long swims , which I do and I am in the `` swim of things '' with the music and it freezes you are out of luck unless you stop and use the clamp to unscrew the unit and restart it . I swear they must have used Windows ME as their little OS in this thing . As for their tech support . I too agree that they are non-existent . I sent several emails and never received a response . I am considering getting a different player from some other vendor for it seems to keep freezing or resetting itself more often . This unit had the potential to be a great player but it is still buggy . I would purchase at your own risk .
 I was so disappointed . I hoped this would be the product I needed for lap swimming , but it fell very short in two important areas
 I bought the 512MB model of this product a few days ago , set it up , plugged it into my computer and it worked for less than one minute . I have sent several e-mails to Oregon Scientfic and their selling agent -LRB- ExploraTrac -RRB- , they have not even bothered to answer them . Contacted them on their 800 number several times and was told I would be contacted , no response . This is not a cheap product -LRB- at least in terms of price -RRB- , however , in terms of quality it is absolute and utter rubbish and the companies customer service is non-existent . I would strongly recommend that no one purchase this product . I would rate it at zero stars if possible , the only thing they did correctly was take my money and ship this piece of junk to me .
 I 'm now on my second MP120 and just been advised this also needs replacing . The first only had one working earphone . The second worked OK but I was unable to forward or rewind between tracks so I guessed a firmware upgrade would probably fix this - applied as detailed in the manual from the Oregon Scientific website and now it wo n't turn on.Advise from Oregon - send back to the vendor for a replacement!I 've will almost have spent more on postage than the original purchase !
 I 've taken this to the pool a few times since I bought it , but even with the volume turned all the way up I can barely hear the music over the water sloshing around . Plus , I ca n't seem to keep the earbuds in -- the only thing that works , sort of , is jamming the rubber `` waveguide '' thingies into my ears as far as they 'll go and then try to seat the earbuds into them . If I 'm lucky , they 'll stay for five or ten minutes . Next time , I 'll try a fabric cap or headband . It probably works very well with a rubber cap but I do n't use one . Dealing with the headphone cord is another problem
 I got this for swim training . It works fine out of the water , but in the water the sound quality is horrible . Plus the earbuds kept coming out . I gave it away -LRB- to a non-swimmer -RRB- .
 I swim almost every day for about 30-45 minutes . I thought it would be really neat to try to add music to my workout so I got MP120 as it was the only player under 100 at that time . First thing I noticed about MP120 was that the headphone wires were too much in the way and needed to be tucked under the swimming cap or wound around the goggle strap . Second and far more annoying problem was that the ear buds would fall out whenever I immersed in the water or tried to do a flip . So if you are only planning to use a kick board , this player may be great for you , for free style , -LSB- ... -RSB- stroke , butter fly , or flips , I would n't recommend it.After about 3 months , the water started getting into the ear buds and I noticed corrosion in and around the headphone speakers . It was n't long before the left speaker started buzzing and the sound was seriously degraded.The customer support for Oregon Scientific is absolutely of the worst kind . Long wait times , false promises and no records of previous calls are all too common . I called three times just to get a request in for a replacement ear buds . The person took the request , and said they would ship a new replacement free of charge since the product was still under the warranty . After three weeks I still have n't received anything . I tried calling the support again and after about 40 minutes of waiting I got to the same person I talked to the last time , however he had no recollection of me and was not able to pull anything on his computer , so he took the order again . I called again 6 months later and asked if they could try shipping the replacement since I have n't received it , but this time I was told my product is no longer under warranty and that I would have to buy a new MP3 player . Nice.My next set will be Finis SwimMp3 Player which I have heard is superior in many ways .
 The wire is a very stiff piece of metal sort of serrated part that can I would be polite in saying in absolute emergencies can be used to cut pieces of wood . Although your hand and arm might as well fall off while in the process of cutting because of fatigue . I would say a waste of money .
 What a piece of garbage.Coleman should recall this saw or change the label to christmas ornament.The reason people buy these is for emergency/survival situations.Thank god i test everything first.I started to cut a 1 inch branch , about a quarter of the way through it began to smoke.I stopped to see what was going on and the saw was so hot it burned my hand.I waited for it to cool down then tried again.Not even half way through the saw became so hot it broke in half.Unless you plan on hanging this from your christmas tree do not buy it .
 i bought this one and a Rothco commando hand saw . buy the Rothco . unless all you need to do is slice butter , then this saw is just fine .
 I got this at Academy Sports for $ 2 . It cuts slowly and it broke in the first 30 seconds of use . Just dont waste your money with this . The wire is about the same as a guitar string .
 Took a flyer on this before heading to REI for a real saw . It 's a piece of junk . It kinks up and is unable to cut through even a one inch diameter branch . If I could give it 0 stars -LRB- or even negative stars -RRB- I would .
 I bought this for fun at my local Big 5 sporting goods . Haha . Basically , it broke on the 2nd use . I was sawing through my 2nd limb -LRB- that I could have easily broken with my foot anyway -RRB- ... and the saw snapped . I was using a forward back motion . Perhaps if I used the wood bow method it would have worked better ??? Regardless , you can still just use your foot in an emergency ! Haha . Pretty cheap thing if it ca n't even saw through a simple dry piece of limb . If your smart ... do n't bother . You do n't need this ! ^ - ^
 I bought this saw and I 'm so glad I tried it out before I put it in my back pack . I tried to saw through a 1 '' -LRB- if that -RRB- stick and just seconds into the cut this JUNK broke in half . One half curled up and slapped me on the wrist and I now have a scar from it . Returned it that day . The days of Coleman being a good brand are long long gone . Move on to something else and do n't waste your money . I would give this a negative star if I could .
 Quite Diesel Unit , smooth operation . I use this as a back up for our home when the rural power fails . Runs my 220 pump and provides lights and power for small appliances . We have an all electric home . Of course it wo n't handle a 20kw furnace or Central A/C , but runs a whole house fans and small fans for the wood stove . Electric start and fuel economy make this unit great for the price . ******* One year after owning this generator it only had 10 hours service and we needed it to keep us going after a major storm took out our power . 10 hours into service , the rocker arm bolts broke and the engine shut down . The engine is made in China and the company has been contacted many many times for repair parts . I was willing to pay for the parts but they have not provided any opportunity to get them . I have been trying for 4 months and have not been contacted to order the needed parts . The quality of workmanship is terrible ! The customer service is non-existant . ******* I am now the proud owner of a $ 1200.00 , 300 lb . Door stop . . ******* I even tried to contact the engine manufacturer in China , but they have little or no presence in the US . Guess I 'm just out of ruck !
 Just after the 20 hour break in period the generator failed to start . I immediately contacted All Power America and was promised a warranty repair . But after several follow up calls and faxes , I am still waiting for instructions on where to send it for repair . This has been going on for over two months .
 When we first started Allpower America 6500 Watt Silent Diesel the first thing we noticed is that the lights flickered badly . The service department sent a new regulator module , but that did n't resolve the problem . While installing the new voltage regulator a damaged wire and several loose terminations were noted . The new regulator did not stop lights from flickering . After 28 hours the oil-level dropped suddenly and two engine crankcase bolts backed out against the alternator housing . One bolt could actually be loosened by hand . This product typifies `` legendary Chinese quality '' in spades . Save your money .
 Before 20 hours the starter switch went out and it took over a month to get the part through a Chinese man that I had to call several times who has broken English . Before 100 hours ALL the diesel fuel lines began leaking . They are very hard to replace . I took me 6 hours to replace them . The original fuel lines were cracked and porous , very low quality . I got diesel tubing from a marine supply outlet . Then it would not crank . Northern Tool , where I bought it , gave me the number of the Chinese man who could not help me . The warranty is only a month . A local repair shop refused to take it saying another All Power generator has been in their shop for 4 months . The parts department is often inaccessible and told them the parts come by a slow boat from China every 3 months and that there were 164 others waiting on the same part and if only 100 came he might have to wait another few months for the next boat . Northern Tool service department is not helpful and would only give me the Chinese number to call . They do not officially service All Power equipment . Northern tool service department would not even give me the number for one of their own service centers . When I asked for the supervisor she would not help me find a Northern Tool service center either . I got her name and threatened to call the president of the company and she then gave me the number of a Northern Tool service center about 100 miles away . To my surprise I was told to bring the machine in and they would try to fix it . I am headed that way next week but plan on buying a reliable and serviceable generator to replace this junk pile .
 after only 50 hours of operation , we have had six failures that each took the genny off line until repair1 -RRB- bad / undersized battery2 -RRB- stuck open AC breaker3 -RRB- stuck closed fuel solenoid4 -RRB- leaking fuel filter / shutoff & poor quality unsafe fuel lines5 -RRB- failed AVR - voltage regulator6 -RRB- blown silencer & leaking muffler . . oddly the silencer packing caught fireadd to that a 20 hour break-in initial run period , mandatory valve adjustments , and extremely poor fitting air filter housing.Make sure you run it far from your house as ours caught fire . Only good things are price & efficient running at about 1/2 gallon per hour
 First of all , this product does work as promised and does in quickly and thoroughly . However , before buying this product read the label carefully , and do a little background check on one of the active ingredients - dicamba . Because of its noxious nature , its potential comtamination of groundwater , and the difficulty of disposing of unused product , I ca n't recommed this product .
 UPS left this table at my front door with both ends of the box open and contents coming out . I 'm an environmentalist at heart so the idea of swapping this out for a new one did n't appeal to me . The legs and top had minor scratches , but not enough to justify the bother and waste of a product return . Assembly is easy with a screw driver only - takes about a half hour . What I did n't like is that the plastic on the frame is so thin in spots that most of the mounting screws do n't tighten down . In other words , they strip . The screws are not critical for structural support but over time the seats could loosen up . With a molded product like this , it would be easy to simply mold in thicker plastic where the screws go . Disappointing . Otherwise , table is level and attractive as advertised .
 We ordered this table instead of a regular picnic table , because it is `` lifetime . '' Yea right !! It 's has a lifetime guarantee for TWO YEARS ! What a joke . All the directions are in pictures - no words , and pretty vague . It 's pretty flimsy . Also , had some dents and scratches on it from shipping . Pretty much a rip off for $ 236.00 . Made in China , of course !! May be worth about $ 75 tops . Buy a picnic table for $ 75 bucks at your local Home Depot and have a `` lifetime '' of enjoyment with your family . It 's made much better , and sturdier .
 While the table itself is nice however it arrived in a box that looked like it had been in a train wreck . Table itself has a couple of minor dents . I 'd certainly not buy from this company again .
 I was considering purchasing and saw one of these at a local country club . The table needed a powerwash but other than that seemed solid . . I could n't tell if it had been there for 3 or 10 years and the thing looked indestrucible . It was obvious that a powerwash would clean it up nicely . The only problem was . . I could n't help but feel like I was sitting at a plastic table . For me it just did n't work . There are lots of simulated and/or lifetime wood products that ARE plastic but they do n't feel like it and give the impression of sitting on wood . Even if it might last forever and were easy to hose off , I did n't want this big plastic thing in my yard . To me it felt like a really big child 's play set .
 I also purchased this plant and have quite the green thumb . After not even a week of receiving the plant the beautiful purple flowers died and the plant has this rotten smell to it and is looking dried up and dying . Looks nothing like the picture entails . I 'm so sad I wasted the money on this item . I purchased another plant at the same time and it is either dead or dormant after a week as well . A person is better purchasing locally unfortunately so they can show the seller immediately and get the problem resolved . I followed the instructions to the `` tee ''
 These may have been the best tasting mushrooms that I have ever tasted . As advertised they are easy to grow.My mushroom kit came with detailed instructions . I followed the instructions completely . The mushrooms did n't appear when the instructions said that they would so I called the customer service number . The staff was very friendly and told me to wait another week or so . A week later my mushrooms sprouted.They were delicious ! Unfortunately , the kit produced only enough for two omelets . I estimate that my harvest was about 4 ounces . Do the math - that comes out to over $ 100.00 per pound . I called the customer service line and told them of the small harvest and they said to put the product into my garden and MAYBE I 'll get some more.No mushroom is worth more than $ 100.00 per pound .
 Arrived damaged ... . Missing perch/port . . Otherwise made of cheap , thin plastic . . Need short stainless screw to hold base together.Plastic tabs designed to hold everything together would fail after filling with seed.Do not recommend .
 The tube in this feeder is barely strong enough to be compared to a disposable water bottle.The green plastic is shoddy and is clearly going to be temporary.This feeder is not going to enhance anyone 's garden , and will have a very brief life .
 The feeder is extremelly cheaply made , is all plastic , and falls apart easily . Just the weight of a squirrel sitting on it , will cause the bottom tray to start coming apart from the feeder . In less then a week , the squirrels had completly destroyed this feeder , and it will no longer hold seed.Don ' t waste your money on this product .
 Very light plastic tube destroyed within a couple of days by squirrels.Patched up version is still in service but do n't waste your money .
 I paid too much for this i shoud have saved up for a better oneOk it could have been made way better , but it 's too hard to fill and the feeder ports keep dripping seeds , ist Demise was the squirrels who chewed off the seed stops so now it wo n't hold any seed .
 I 've had this feeder for about 2 months . The tube is thin plastic and 1 of the ports would not stay in the feeder and resulted in a seed spill . Look elsewhere for better construction . I 'm just glad it was n't that expensive .
 One plastic perch was found broken off this the feeder upon arrival . I suppose this was due to poor packaging rather than a manufacturing defect .
 The bottom saucer is held on to the tube with 2 ` bump-out ' tabs you activate from inside . They are TOO SMALL and do not bump out and hold the saucer on the bottom of the tube , and without a separate bottom to the tube , all the seeds spill out -LRB- and the saucer falls to the ground -RRB- . I have wired the saucer to the tube in a manner I can undo -LRB- to wash -RRB- but if the darn bump outs were a little bigger , this would not be a problem . VERY POOR DESIGN -LRB- the bump-out tabs ; the rest is fine -RRB- . I would neither recommend nor purchase again .
 It worked well , and the birds enjoyed the feeder ... for about two days . Then , the squirrels had managed to chew off all of the plastic . Search for another feeder if you have squirrels .
 I had never had a bird feeder before , so I purchased this one to test it out.It lasted about a week . Squirrels got on to it and ate through the plastic tube that holds the feed.If you have a way to suspend this feeder that is `` squirrel proof '' it is a good alternative . Otherwise , you may want to consider something else.I 've included a picture on the product page that may be helpful .
 There is a reason this items does not cost much . Not very stong materials that this feeder is made of .
 At first I thought this would be a great bird feeder and it looks really cute hanging up . It was easy to fill with minimal seeds falling out the sides.However , I have a few issues with it .1 -RRB- After hanging in my yard for less than a week one of the perches broke off .2 -RRB- Very cheep plastic ... be careful not to crack it when washing it every couple of weeks . I do n't see this as being able to withstand a lot of washings before the tube breaks .3 -RRB- The birds will never be able to reach the last inch or two of seed ... the lowest opening is too high . The seed will just sit there and go stale.Lucky for me this broke within the first 30 days , so I was able to return it to amazon .
 The description says `` Contains 3 flywheel keys '' , the picture shows 3 flywheel keys , there is actually 1 flywheel key . A little disappointing because I thought I would save some money by buying a few at a time , but I ended up spending more . Otherwise it was the right part just the wrong quantity .
 We live on a small pond in Connecticut . Every spring a dozen or so Canadian Geese infest our back yard . I coated the grass with copious amounts of Migrate . It did nothing to deter the geese . They came right back as usual , ate the grass . Just did n't work as advertised .
 I had lots of dirt get through this `` filter '' , its a waste of money . Go buy a good one , you 'll save in the long run ...
 After two years only one fan blade remained . Caused the motor to have a difficult time getting up to speed , also making a loud grinding noise in the process . This was because assembly became out of balance -LRB- the blade was not -RRB- . Should be rated 0 stars -LRB- fan only -RRB- . Incredibly poor choice of material . Love the mower otherwise -LRB- MM575 -RRB- .
 This product is very poorly designed for the environment it must operate in . It is made of very thin , brittle plastic , resulting in the fan blades snapping with very minor impacts from debris injested by the mower , basically normal wear and tear which does absolutely no damage to other mower components . It has been through 6 - 7 relatively light -LRB- grass not very tall , no rockes , etc -RRB- lawn mowings , and 6 of the 8 blades are already snapped off . This part should be made of METAL !!!!
 This is the second fan I 've ordered for my MM675 . I love the mower , but this component is ridiculously constructed of brittle -LRB- read easily breakable -RRB- plastic . If you run over a piece of solid debris your fan is pretty much toast . The first time I ordered this part the mower was a new product and I had to find a company that specializes in supplying mower repair shops to get this replaced . The fact that it is even available on Amazon says it all . This will almost certainly not be the last time I order this item , unless I get fed up and buy another mower ...
 I have lots of experience with chain saws , although as a home owner with two homes and lots of firewood . I have had maybe six electric and two gas saws , all lower end models . If I used one regularly I suppose that I would splurge for one of the top end models.Anyway I bought one of these poulan models and could not even get it started on a warm day following all instructions . I took it back to the store and got my money back . Worthless .
 I bought this from Polsteins Home & Beyond . Warning , beware ! dont buy from Polsteins Home & Beyond!The blower/vacuum is missing some parts . It only has the nozzle ends of the blower and the vacuum , it does NOT have the blower tube or the upper vacuum tube parts in the box . It is not useable without these parts . The tubes are required for connecting the nozzles to the power unit . The pictures of this product that I saw on Amazon , showed these parts , so I expect them to be part of the kit.Polsteins replied
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT . THE WARRANTY IS USELESS , CUSTOMER SERVICE IS A SHAME . TRYING TO FIND A WARRANTY SERVICE DEALER IS A NIGHTMARE . STAY CLEAR OF THIS .
 I have personal experience with 3 of these - all poor . The first - pull rope failed to retract . I returned it and the replacement has been very dicey-the rope has again gotten stuck but luckily retracted with coaxing each time . I am sure it is a matter of time . This blower is hard to start , my wife hates that she ca n't start it . 3rd experience - my father in law bought one and threw it out because the pull rope stuck on him as well .
 We bought this today at a local hardware store and the metal frame bent after the first use . We intend to return it .
 I purchased this edger at my local Home Depot , used it and returned it that day . It simply does not have the power to edge . The blade stops rotating when the engine is under load . Do yourself a favor and spend a little more to get a low end McLane model , you will be glad you did
 About 5 years ago I bought one of these edgers because it looked compact and easy to transport . I only have a small city lot but , after only two years , the engine siezed up . The company replaced it with a reconditioned unit under warranty even though it was one month past the two year expiration . At the end of the next two years I could see the muffler starting to disintegrate just like the first unit I had , so I stripped the motor down and removed the loose metal parts near the exhaust port . I almost got an extra summer of use , but now my second unit is siezed up , too ! I should have spent the extra $ 50 at the time and bought a real edger with a Briggs and Stratton 4 cycle motor .
 First day on the job it took 45 min to get it started . Lasted 10 minutes and died . It spent one month in a repair shop . They did all they could , it still takes forever to get it started . Dont waist your money .
 I bought this item and used it twice before it broke . I wasnt using it for more then 30 min each time . This Item was intended for use on a small home lawn about 20 feet at most . I do not recommend this item . I went and bought a 4 cycle home depot brand for $ 50 more and its the best . If I could give zero stars I would !!
 My wife and I bought this unit just over a year ago.It has always had issues starting , and is really hard to get a decent edge with.Now , just nicely outside of warranty , the starting cord completely broke off from within the housing.After Googling this , I found the start cable is a common flaw.There is no easy way to get in to re-attach the broken cord without , it appears , dismantling the entire machine.The only option is to take it to a weed eater approved repair shop and throw more money into it.I would advise to go with a cheaper electric edger , as we wasted over $ 150 on something that was only used maybe 20 times .
 I must be crazy but I just bought my 4th Weedeater PE550 Edger . I have back problems so the unit is ideal because it is lightweight and does a great job of edging the grass . The big problem is that they do n't last long at all . If you are real lucky , you might get 3 years service before it wears out . The last one I bought just last fall has already died . The quality of these units is very poor . I tried the Troy Bilt 4 cycle last year but took it back because it did n't edge as well as the PE550 . This would be a great edger if it would last longer . Considering the short life , it is over priced at $ 149 . I do n't think I will buy another one .
 I 've had the same luck with this edger as did another post . So instead of writing my story , I copied his . The exact same thing happened to me.Our story -LRB- in his words -RRB- is below : `` purchased the Weed Eater 22CC lawn edger at WalMart a few years ago when they were $ 99 . Its a compact unit that does not weight much or take up much room , which is what I was looking for . I have 3/4 acre with long walks on the frontage , and a long turned drive . I did n't want to have to drag electrical cords all over the place , and then have to wind them up later . I also did n't have $ 299 on up , or the room , for a big full sized edger . So the Weed Eater model fit the bill . I 've read the reviews here and elsewhere , and wonder if people read about and understand what they are buying . The unit has a two cycle enging , its going to need its fuel mixed with oil . Its also going to sound like a chain saw because its the same motor thats in a chain saw . DUH !! I 've had my unit now for 3 years and never had any trouble with it . Starting was not one pull , but 8 presses on the primer bulb , choke full on , two or three pulls and it would fire . Half choke and full throttle , and she always sprang to life no problem with one pull . I even neglected to clean the air filter and plug the first two years , and never had any difficulty . Performace was perfectly fine . The manual , if you read it , recommends full throttle for edging especially the first time . Remember , this is a small 22 CC motor , not a 3 HP Briggs & Stratton . It always cut the edge just fine and would only bog down when I ran it into the deep grass by mistake , or tried to rush the job . Anyway , in my third season it started fine after the long cold winter , and I used it three times without any difficulty . Then the last use it started to sound like it was suffocating , and I needed to keep the throttle full open to prevent it from stalling . Eventually , not even that worked and it died with about 6 feet of edging to go . I checked the unit , and it was getting spark , plug was new , and clean . Air filter was clean , and it was getting gas . I assumed it got debris in the carb as it would run if I poured gas into the spark plug hole and held the throttle wide open . I took it in to Suburban Lawn Equipment in Delaware , and they chraged me $ 25 to tell me it had low compression and that the cylinder was loose . Duh !! Try tightening it morons thats why I brought it to you . Not a recommended shop except to buy parts . So now I have a unit thats $ 150 new , and I think thats WAY too high as I can get a nice 4 cycle Troy Bilt for $ 199 . So even though I had reliable service from this unit for almost three years , I do n't think its a good value at todays price of $ 150 . At $ 99 I think it was on the edge of being overpriced , but still disposable if presented with a situation like mine . So old betsy is going out to the trash , and a new 4 stroke Troy Bilt is com ` in in '' .
 First , a confession that I edge the lawn every time I mow -- typically 2-3X / week . Except for the fact that the lawn is bentgrass , it 's a pretty typical residential property
 When I recieved this edger out of the box one of the wheels keeps falling off because an axle pin is missing . I contacted customer support which apparently is at husqvarna and even though it says a response will happen within 24 hours I have n't received one . I have posted 2 replies andit has been almost a month now with no acknowledgement .
 I bought this model last spring for the wife 's birthday . by july it was dead , would n't start ever again . we probably used it 10 times . threw it in the trash last month while cleaning the garage . I bought same brand WEED EATER leaf blower at the same time , that made it until the fall ... . you know when leaves fall and you really would like one ! never happened , the pull cord recoil mechanism crapped out . so I 'm guessing the whole line is junk . do some research and read these reviews they seem to be the best buyers guide . on products I have researched by reviews and purchased I have not been disappointed . I wish I reviewed these products first . but you know how you get sucked in by those home improvement stores . do n't buy these products !
 I have purchased two Weed Eater edgers , both of them lasted about 2 years . While very economical has far as price , these machines only have a shelf life of two years . The first edger 's on/off switch broke inside , and was almost impossible to tear apart . The second edger , which I bought from Walmart for $ 99 , simply quit working . I replaced the air filter , spark plug , and gas ... still nothing . Save your money and buy a different brand . Junk !
 **** This item sucks do not waste your money.This item did not work when I got it . So I followed the instructions to contact the vendor and get it fixed at a store . The engine was destroyed and I had n't even been able to use it . I highly suggest no one ever buy this item . Now Amazon says I can not even return it . So I will never buy an item like this from Amazon again . Go to a store to get these kinds of items , if you do not want to loose your money .
 I put this in my kitchen . No flies whatsoever were attracted to it . This was a waste of money . I wo n't buy it again .
 Like one other reviewer said , the nut needs lock-tite . I bought it at walmart as impulse buy to clear some small trees and limbs that are not worth taking out the chain saw on our property growing over some atv trails . The very first limb I cut I tossed it back in the atv storage bin and when I pulled it out a little later it was in two pieces in the bin . The bolt was there but nut was no where to be found . Went back to look for it but with all the mud and puddles I could not find it . Sorry I bought it .
 Ok , generally the Coleman name makes me think of affordable , yet tough and rugged equipment , or at least it did till I got this FLIMSY PIECE OF JUNK . I 'm sure it 'll saw just fine , but my problem is the darned thing DOES NOT STAY SHUT ! If I have a folding knife -LRB- or saw in this case -RRB- , I want to know it will stay shut when it 's shut and open when open . Well , it appears to lock open ok , but it wo n't lock closed ! The blade just falls open right away after you fold it up ! I tightened the screw to make it tougher to open , and that helped a bit , but it still looks like it could jostle open an inch . An inch of open blade is still too much open blade when I WANT IT CLOSED ! The last thing I want to do when I 'm out in the wilderness is reach in my pack for my saw and encounter the teeth ! BEWARE ! The saw does not even fold up decently ! The only reason I 'm giving it 2 stars is because it looks like it would cut ok . Buy at your own risk ! I thought I 'd enjoy having a nice light-weight , yet durable fold up saw , but I might just go for a normal camping saw with a blade guard ! I 'm really disappointed I wasted the money on something that looked to be a really good buy . Sadly , it 's not even worth the hassle of returning !
 I 'm not sure if I got the wrong product or something different from everyone else , but my experience with this grill cover is horrible . I put it on my grill that requires a 68 inch cover . I attached the two velcro pieces on each end properly , and within a week wind -LRB- or something -RRB- caused the grill cover to tear at the corners of the grill . It was n't torn when being put on , and it was n't taken off or adjusted even once before this happened . The grill is a Char-Broil TRU-Infrared and the corners are not overly sharp .
 This did not hold up very long . We got it just a few months ago and it is already torn .
 I bought this as an online alternative to the ones at the store which I figured to be over-priced . Silly me . First winter -LRB- the grill and cover both are under 6 months old -RRB- and ALL 4 corners have teared .
 tore at seams in 20 mph wind . the manufacturer used the cheapest and weakest material they coud find . NO GOOD
 I bought this watering can 2 years ago . The first year the plastic nozzle broke off . The second year the side of the can cracked .
 The muffler for my Stihl chainsaw was an `` after market '' muffler made in China , and would not fit my chainsaw without redrilling the mounting holes and other significant modifications .
 Will only turn off in one direction and comes on at full pressure , great if you are trying to blast holes in your lawn .
 Put it up on Monday and took it down on Wednesday . The top housing broke making the unit worthless .
 It rusted while still in the plastic bad inside of the box ! Very thin gauge metal and even thinner paint . Probably does n't even have a primer coat of paint . This will be used on an outside porch , so I have to clean it , prime and re-paint it before even using it .
 Just bought these a few weeks ago -LRB- 12 stakes total - 3 sets -RRB- for a trip to Joshua Tree , CA . Just returned , in the semi-hard desert sand ALL of them started bending when tapped in -LRB- using rubber mallet first , then hammer -RRB- . 8 of them bent 90 degrees at the head . Ended up using the smaller , standard stakes that came with the tent . Very disappointed , as the standard stakes with the plastic tops snap easily as well , but at least the metal parts remain straight and still usable .
 `` Heavy Duty Plated Steel '' ? Really ? These were fine going in , but bent like cardboard coming out .
 Worst stakes - do not buy . They bent immediately when I hammered them in the ground . Complete waste of money , look elsewhere for stakes .
 These stakes folded like an accordian , and I was using a rubber mallet in wet ground .
 I just bought a package of these stakes for a 10 day camping trip to the Jersey Shore . The first night out I was staking the tent in rain soaked soft ground . Using an official Coleman brand rubber mallet I hit the top of the first metal stake with a moderate , not overly excessive blow . Instead of penetrating the ground the top of the stake bent 90 degrees . Same thing happened with the 2nd one . I did n't try another . I returned the package for a refund when I returned . I 'm really puzzled what you could use these for .
 Worked fine until I dropped it on the driveway . Then cracked open . Guess I 'll get a brass one next time .
 used this shovel on my last camping trip . had to dig a trench to divert rain water away from my tent . the handle bent on the second dig .
 Shame on you , Coleman!Lock collar is made of cheap metal . Without it this shovel is junk . Within three minutes of light use the lock collar buckeled and now will not keep the shovel locked in place . I could probably put a washer on it to fix it but I think I will send it back and purchase something I can count on . I understand the cost is only 10 dollars but it is advertised as a reliable light duty shovel . It should be advertised as scrap metal .
 I 'm dissapointed in this product from coleman . Normally the stuff they put out is of better quality . I know the thing only cost ten bucks , but it 's junk . The first time I used it the `` positive fit lock collar '' bent and came loose from the tightening ring . The shovel blade when `` locked '' is bent backwards slightly making digging a pain . I just saw a comparable version today at a tool tent in a parking lot for $ 8 that was better constructed . I would send it back if the shipping would n't cost so much .
 The steel ring where the shaft contacts the back of the shovel head is n't hardened . The shovel basically ripped itself apart the first time I used it to dig a hole in not very hard soil . Good thing it was n't an emergency . I expected at least `` ok '' quality from Coleman , it seems they really let there quality hit rock bottom . Looks like I have a new door stop , and will be looking for a new camp shovel . Unless you are looking to scooping a litter box do n't waste yer money on this garbage .
 I got this shovel to take with me on a back country rafting trip for 7 days . It lasted exactly one night . The locking mechanism broke rendering the shovel useless after the first night . This was used primarily for taking care of business in the back country without leaving a mess if you know what I mean . I almost threw it in the river and was irritated I had to pack the sucker out . It went strait in the trash when I got home . Coleman should be ashamed to sell this cheap piece of crap made in China . I would give it zero stars if I could . Buy another because this one sucks .
 I opened the box to find out that the shovel wo n't even lock . It just flaps in the wind . Coleman is a great company , but why make an item that has let so many people down . It works great now that I have stick welded the shovel locked open . Coleman sure looses points for this item .
 I bought a Coleman shovel in good faith and took it with me on a hiking trip . We got to camp and I started to dig a hole for a fire , the dirt had a few old roots mixed up in it but for the most part it was soft . This shovel broke almost immediately , the plastic ring that you tighten down to use it stripped and made the shovel impossible to use normally . I got the hole dug but not for a huge amount of effort and ingenuity on my part to get it to work properly . I sent it back as soon as I got home and went out and spent $ 20 on a real E-tool like I should have done in the first place . Do n't let the price fool you into purchasing one , if you ever have to use it , you will be sorry that you bought it . I have always liked coleman products and for the most part , will continue to do so , but I wo n't ever go cheap on a critical piece of gear like a camp shovel .
 Used it to dig a small fire pit in sandy soil . It broke after about 30 seconds of use . The issue is that the locking ring is not strong enough , and bent when normal force was applied . After that , it became impossible to keep the shovel unfolded . In the world of folding shovels , you definitely get what you pay for . I bought this shovel for light duty . I guess it just was n't light enough ...
 A big disappointment . Our group used it on camping trips to the beach . In less than a year corrosion rendered the metal moving parts inoperable -- a shovel with a floppy coupling will not work ! Coupling should have been made of high-impact plastic .
 Coleman has managed to screw up one of the most ingenious and simple designs ever envisioned by man . This shovel -LRB- a.k.a. `` e-tool '' or `` entrenching tool '' by the military -RRB- had been on my hit-list for a while . The design is so simple , there 's not a lot that CAN possibly go wrong . Enter the Coleman folding camp shovel . For it 's maiden mission , I headed out to the remove a well-rooted shrub from a grave headstone . Not a huge job . PITIFUL craftsmanship with this shovel ... bent up horribly from light digging work . Buy a surplus e-tool , instead . That 's the same EXACT thing , only mil-spec / quality construction . Shame on you , Coleman , for putting your name on this piece of garbage .
 If you want a real tri-fold shovel , shell out an extra 3 dollars and go to your local military surplus store . The locking ring literally broke apart , and the handle bent without a fight .
 I bought 2 of these for a Boy Scout winter camp trip and within a few minutes of using each they were useless . We were trying to dig out snow caves with them and any time you would pull down on the shovel it would pop loose and fold up . After a couple times of doing this it would n't even hold anymore . I would think if it was used carefully for digging holes only it would probably work fine . In conclusion , I 'm very disappointed in the quality of the lock collar but for $ 10 it will do what it is suppose to do , just do n't expect it to do any more ...
 I bought this shovel for a moose hunt in Ontario Canada back in fall . Not only did I break it in the first 5 seconds of use but I did n't even get my hole dug . This thing is a piece of garbage , and I would not suggest this thing to anyone ever . Cheapest POS you 've ever used . If you bought one already I 'm very sorry for your loss of 10 bucks . I have my eyes set on the crovel extreme .
 This RUBBERMAID shed which was not cheap for it small size , held up for EXACTLY , 1 year and 3 months . The doors seems a bit warped , and actually did measure , about 1/8 '' warp , in the mid-panel on one door . While the poorly designed door assembly will fit into place at installation , the design mechanism to HOLD them in place , is far too flimsy for the weight of the doors to be maintained for any long period of time . So , if a wind in excess of 20mph comes along , be careful . The design is terrible , both doors , went flying down our driveway on winter day with a 20-25mph , moderate wind gust , definitely , NOT SEVERE ! These Rubbermaid doors , never stayed on after that , the nipples that held them in placed , were damaged by scraping on cement . We had to scrap the entire shed.If you call Rubbermaid 's Customer Service , do n't be surprised when their people give you a hard time , do n't give you much in the way of troubleshooting and tell you
 The Coleman folding shovel is so small as to be impractical except for survival gardening . It is in fact , no larger than a garden trowel . Over all I 'm not very happy with my purchase
 This is a solid and sturdy little shovel.My problem is that it is so little . The blade is only 4 inches wide at the widest point and the whole unit when folded fits in one hand.Imagine making diagonal folds on an index card as if making a paper airplane that is what the blade is like.Other than that it is of typical Coleman quality
 Do n't waist your money . Its junk . Find yourself a Military folding shovel , and I do n't mean a `` Military type made in china '' . It will serve you much better for much longer .
 The reason I give this 2 stars is because it 's good for a couple of uses , but the pieces wear down and the shovel just becomes a giant spoon after multiple uses . I bought a Gerber folding shovel for 20.00 plus shipping and it 's held up great , I would suggest the Gerber as a long term camping tool .
 The description states that this shovel is 23 '' long , folding into 10 '' . The box this product comes in is 6 1/2 '' long , and the longest opened shovel measures 16 '' . Customer service said they will correct the item description .
 I bought this at an athletics store due to the price - it was the least expensive one there . Boy was it a waste of a purchase.The shovel is very small , about 35 % smaller than my SOG entrenching tool.What I dislike most about it however was the handle . The upper handle unscrews for a compact fit , but the threading was terrible.It took several tries to line it up and when I did , it felt shoddy and unstable . Also when taking it apart , it was very stiff and took a considerable amount of effort to undo.There are much better entrenching tools out there . I would recommend spending the few extra dollars if you can .
 At first I thought this shovel was just really bendy and worthless . Then I REALLY got into it . Have you ever played `` smash the raccoon '' on a mid summer 's eve ? Not with this ths piece of junk . I cut my hand .
 I got this product new and was looking forward to using it . However , the first thing I did was dig a fire pit , and while using the tool I managed to round out the pick side . Not longer after I discovered the shovel head will no longer stay straight . I think digging a fire pit is pretty basic camp use . But maybe I 'm rougher than most ?
 It is small , but in some situations , that 's a plus . The negative
 The pictures are deceiving . The blade is about the same size as my hand . Could one use this thing to dig a hole ? Sure . Just do n't be in a hurry . And do n't need a big one . I would sent this back except it does n't take up a lot of space and will probably work in a pinch.Mechanically it is very nice . The serrated edge wo n't make it to the level of being a joke . It is nothing more than wiggles in the side of the blade . The blade has been somewhat ` sharpened ' . But there really was n't a lot of effort put into it . The grips are decent.The next time I will definitely take a close look at the overall dimensions .
 Did n't work real well -LRB- sand with small stones mixed in -RRB- . Dirt/sand got into folding mechanism and now it 's stuck in one position .
 It was little than it was described but works well , I use mine for Metal detecting , the scoop is about the right size for light action digging . Its light an compact !! On the down side Walmart had it for 10 dollars cheaper . I went ahead and bought a real entrenching tool for the same price as this one . Trust me you would n't want to dig a trench with it
 Warning -- the Oregon website says this fits a Stihl MS290 `` Farm Boss '' . It did n't fit mine . The pitch on this chain is wrong -LRB- 3/8 instead of the required .325 -RRB- . Check the pitch on your saw before buying this . I had to buy a second chain from a Stihl dealer .
 This 20 '' saw chain had two more links than the factory installed chain . What 's up with that ? Now , when I change chains , I have to go through some manipulations that are a nuisance .
 Please be careful when ordering chains on Amazon . I bought the 20 '' Poulan and they recommended this chain for the saw but it clearly does n't fit . It should be the D70 not D72 chain for the saw . I damaged my saw a little becasue I could n't get the chain tight enough . Lesson learned however .
 I bought this for a 20 '' Sthil MS290 which is listed on packaging . I put the chain on and as I began to use it it started making a clicking noise so I adjusted the tension . It continued to make a clicking noise . I removed the chain and compared it to the original chain it was not the same . The teeth on the underside did not match up . DO NOT BUY EVEN IF YOUR CHAIN SAW IS LISTED !!!!!
 I bought a new cub cadet chain saw so I thought I would get an extra chain . Amazon was pushing this one . Well when it came the box was different than the one shown , but the number was the same . When I went to put it on the chain was an inch too long . So I went to the local hardware store and looked at the oregon box ... CUB CADET IS NOT EVEN LISTED ON THE BOX . The picture they show is either old or photo shopped . As i took so long to need it i am stuck with it . Thanks Amazon !
 The D72 chain does not fit the pp4620 chain saw that I ordered it for . After some research , I think the correct chain for the Poulan PP4620AVX saw should be an H78 chain .
 The box states that this will fit a Stihl MS290 chainsaw with a 20 '' bar . It does not . It was way too short for my Farm Boss . Even with the bar set back as close to the clutch as possible , the chain was still a 1/2 '' short . The OEM chain made by Stihl has the same pitch , # of links , etc. , but is at least an inch longer than this chain .
 This trimmer head does not fit my `` Echo Trimmers with Bump feed '' as listed on the page . The page does NOT show which model numbers this heads fit .
 Warning -- the Oregon website says this fits a Stihl MS290 `` Farm Boss '' . It did n't fit mine . The pitch on this chain is wrong -LRB- 3/8 instead of the required .325 -RRB- . Check the pitch on your saw before buying this . I had to buy a second chain from a Stihl dealer .
 This 20 '' saw chain had two more links than the factory installed chain . What 's up with that ? Now , when I change chains , I have to go through some manipulations that are a nuisance .
 Please be careful when ordering chains on Amazon . I bought the 20 '' Poulan and they recommended this chain for the saw but it clearly does n't fit . It should be the D70 not D72 chain for the saw . I damaged my saw a little becasue I could n't get the chain tight enough . Lesson learned however .
 I bought this for a 20 '' Sthil MS290 which is listed on packaging . I put the chain on and as I began to use it it started making a clicking noise so I adjusted the tension . It continued to make a clicking noise . I removed the chain and compared it to the original chain it was not the same . The teeth on the underside did not match up . DO NOT BUY EVEN IF YOUR CHAIN SAW IS LISTED !!!!!
 I bought a new cub cadet chain saw so I thought I would get an extra chain . Amazon was pushing this one . Well when it came the box was different than the one shown , but the number was the same . When I went to put it on the chain was an inch too long . So I went to the local hardware store and looked at the oregon box ... CUB CADET IS NOT EVEN LISTED ON THE BOX . The picture they show is either old or photo shopped . As i took so long to need it i am stuck with it . Thanks Amazon !
 The D72 chain does not fit the pp4620 chain saw that I ordered it for . After some research , I think the correct chain for the Poulan PP4620AVX saw should be an H78 chain .
 The box states that this will fit a Stihl MS290 chainsaw with a 20 '' bar . It does not . It was way too short for my Farm Boss . Even with the bar set back as close to the clutch as possible , the chain was still a 1/2 '' short . The OEM chain made by Stihl has the same pitch , # of links , etc. , but is at least an inch longer than this chain .
 I just got the cart delivered and it came in a banded cardboard box . I opened the box and discovered one tire totally flat . I pumped it up but then heard a hissing sound coming from the area around the wheel hub . I called Precision but it was after hours and had to leave a message . Needless to say , this is not a good way to get started with the cart . I took over two weeks to get it delivered and I am guessing it will take equally as long to get a replacement wheel . I suppose this means the work I had scheduled for this weekend with the cart wo n't be happening anytime soon ... thanks `` non '' Precision Products . With this lack of attention to detail , I am wondering what else is broken and/or missing .
 I can not speak to this product yet as I 've still not received it . I will come back and review it once I get it.But I wanted to raise awareness about the shipping issues I 've been having.My order was placed 3/3/10 and the estimated delivery under tracking is still 3/15/10 . But when I went to track the shipment I found an entry stating Customer refused delivery 3/4/10 . I called Amazon and was told by the rep called Cas P. not to worry . I specifically told her that we are not home during the day and asked if they will just drop off the shipment . She stated that that is not a problem at all , they will just drop off the shipment . I verified my address and phone number with her.After my call I received an email from Amazon that contained this : `` Our shipper , ABF Freightways , has been unsuccessful in attempts to contact you at the phone number listed on your order.The delivery is called a `` threshold '' delivery service . The delivery person will unload the shipment from the truck for you and bring it to your door . It is your responsibility to assemble and/or install the item.Please note that we are not responsible for any storage fees that may have occurred while ABF Freightways attempts to contact you . `` They did include the freight company 's phone . So I called them and was told that Amazon never shared my phone number with them so they had no ways to contact me . They also told me that they do not drop off shipments in residential areas unless we leave a written and signed letter asking them to do so . And they told me that they deliver but it is our responsibility to unload the truck . -LRB- which does n't make sense if we are not at home and they are dropping off . . -RRB- At any rate , I am sitting on eggshells until 3/17/10 -LRB- it is 3/11 today -RRB- when they said they will deliver my order.Just wanted to let people know about this to raise awareness . It all could have been good if Amazon would communicate to their freight companies better and would add just one sentence to the oreder confirmation email explaining that you need to leave a written and signed note at your door for the freight company to drop off your shipment .
 stars are only for quick delivery & prompt order filling . Although i carefully determined the right Echo trimmer unit model number and ordered it , it arrived promptly . But does n't fit . It 's not worth returning ... still do n't have suitable replacement spring . The spring should be 1/4 '' less in diameter and a little longer .
 This piece of garbage is plastic . I guess they call it `` weighted '' because it 's a heavier than normal plastic , but plastic nonetheless . It broke after ONE use.So , avoid this product at all cost and make sure what you 're ordering is an ALL METAL BASE , rather than this cheap piece of plastic .
 Ordered candy corn plant , plant was dehydrated to the point of wilted and dried . Could not revive the plant by spraying in putting in a pot of soil-has not revived . Very disappointed .
 This soil killed all my tomato plants . Like others , it was fine for the first few days and then turned brown and then died . horrible .
 I got this from Lowes a couple years ago . It works if you are on a budget . If you get any fungus gnats , you will have a problem . There are a lot of wood bits and shavings in it along with some sand.I got an infestation of fungus gnats recently . The plants I used with this soil were doing fine until I got the infestation of fungus gnats . Because of the wood , there is plenty of opportunity for fungus to grow . I ca n't get rid of it , so the fungus gnat larvae has plenty to feed from . I 'm trying some pesticide/fungicide that comes in granules . Hopefully it will work.I 've never seen potting soil with wood and so much sand in it before this . I 've seen other types that are amazingly worse than this potting soil . There is n't a lot of sand in it , but there is a decent amount that shows up after watering it over time.Overall , It is ok if you do n't mind the wood bits all over the place . If you do n't want fungus and soil that does n't hold much water , stay away from this stuff .
 I bought the 8-pound bag of Hyponex potting at the Bozeman , Montana K-Mart in July or August . I have normally bought the 20-lb or 40lb bags , but those were not available at the store.I noticed when I poured the soil out of the bag that it had a different look and consistency to it than the larger bags have . The soil in the 8-lb bag was lighter in color and had much more fine sand/clay particles in it . It also had way too many small stones/pebbles/rocks and pieces of wood/mulch in it . I bought wanted to buy soil , not sand/clay or woody mulch.But , I needed to repot several plants , and I did n't want to go out and buy new bags of soil , so I went ahead and used this soil . After I watered it , I noticed it took a long time for the soil to dry ; I always looked and felt damp , even after 4 weeks . I also noticed that the leaves of the repotted plants started turning yellow , then brown , then fell off the plant . I then realized that the soil was the problem , so I searched for any reviews of this soil , and found B. Eaton 's customer review of 7/26/10 , which I was amazed had very similar complaints about this soil , which is toxic to plants . B. Eaton 's complaint that the watered soil becomes `` brick-like '' is correct . The soil becomes very hard , like concrete , preventing roots from being able to get air or grow.I am writing a complaint to both Hyponex and to Kmart , referencing these 2 complaints on www.amazon.com , as these display this is not an isolated problem.DO NOT BUY THIS POTTING SOIL !! I wish I could rate it as ZERO , but amazon wo n't allow that , so I have to give it a 1 . Kevin
 After planting a peace lily in this soil I noticed a a complete lack of growth , it actually started dying . With no other options I pulled it out of the pot to be met with a mixture of clay and sand that could only be described as brick-like with a few twigs embedded in it . After breaking off the soil-like substance with a hammer I re-planted it with a different potting soil and had much better results . Stay away .
 I really do n't understand how Hyponex has been in business so long with such a bad product . It 's like dusty sand , just awful . The best thing to do , if you ca n't find another brand , is just buy some good top soil at the lawn and garden store , some vermiculite , some perlite , and make your own blend . By the way , I 've also tried the Hyponex Organic mix , which is an under-composted bag of clumps , and has the added bonus of containing fungus gnat larvae ... I ended up having to throw away the plants that I potted with it in order to get rid of the infestation . I would avoid all Hyponex products .
 I ran out of potting soil and this was on sale at my local store . Boy do I wish I had spent an extra 3 bucks ! I potted three plants in this and two of them died , while one is in the process of dying from root rot . This stuff is like clay mud . The plants I put in it were the kind that need nearly constant moisture and need a soil that is always wet . Even they died . You 'd be better off with ANYTHING else . Do not buy this unless you 're trying to murder your plants .
 This `` potting soil '' is more like clay . You open the bag and it looks like a brick . You literally have to break it apart instead of pouring it out of the bag . I had to mix it with other soil just to be able to plant anything in it . I do n't think it has any nutrients in it either . My plants seem to grow very slow in this compared to other brands . Do not buy this .
 Oh my ! Look at and read all the bad negative reviews this particular potting soil is getting ! About a year ago I bought a large bag of this soil to repot some of the many house plants I systematically kill off year after year after year . I am here to tell you that this soil went quite well with my dastardly plan of trying to cleanse the face of the earth of every green living thing . I have absolutely not idea of how they make this stuff , what they put into it or what their ultimate goal is , but I do know that this horrid stuff cost me a great deal of time in that I had to repot all of the plants that this `` soil '' did not pretty well kill off . The ones I saved have had a hard time of it and their ultimate survival is still is question . A pox on the house of the makers of this stuff!What the other reviewers are telling you here is the absolutely truth . When you moisten this stuff it becomes absolutely brick like and I am pretty sure that the main ingredients in this wretched stuff is some sort of toxic clay substance . -LRB- It crossed my mind that possibly this company and the EPA have a `` thing '' going . After all , just what do they do with all the contaminated soil they are removing from various toxic waste dumps ? You have to beat it with a hammer just to break up the clumps -LRB- the soil , not the EPA -RRB- ... nasty , nasty , nasty and nastier!But not all is lost ! No , no , no ! After doing some heavy mental study -LRB- a real strain I might say -RRB- , the dogs and I have come up with a brilliant idea . We , the dogs and I , are very much into history . For years I have been fascinated with sod houses - you know , the kind Laura and Pa and ma lived in on the Little House on the Prairie . I have always wanted to build one just to see if I could pull it off . Now I have no intention of trying to live in one as I think it would be too difficult to clean , and goodness knows I have problems enough keeping my office clean even though it does not have dirt floors ... actually , come to think of it , it may have dirt floors - I have not seen them in years due to the books , papers , rocks , and other clutter , so who knows?Anyway , I digress . I am thinking to taking out a new home load , purchasing a bunch of bags of this stuff and making my own sod bricks with it . S. Missouri has poor sod for housing being made up primarily of rocks and I do not want to have to drive all the way to Kansas or Nebraska to haul dirt for bricks back to my home . This stuff quite well may be the answer . -LRB- Paving the circular drive infront of my home is another option . -RRB- I was thinking of making a smaller house , one that I would not have to live in but to just let the dogs hang out . This plan was shot down by my wife who threatened to call the ASPCA or PETA -LRB- Her first choice -RRB- on me if I tried that trick so I suppose I will just build it , let it sit for the sole purpose of confusing and befuddling post grad archeological students 500 years from now if they should happen to excavate my place . -LRB- It should be noted here also that I attempted to throw what was left of this bag of `` soil '' on my wife 's mulch pile and Amazon will not allow me to record precisely what she said when she caught me trying to do that ... good grief - worse than an episode of `` Angry Birds ! '' -RRB- In the mean time , while I await spring -LRB- that is the time I plan to start my building project -RRB- I have the partly empty bag setting in a corner of my barn and I look at it ever-so-often just to remind me of the old saying , `` A penny wise , a pound foolish . '' It has all been a good lesson for me.I would highly recommend you NOT use this stuff for your plants ; unless of course you have a particular grudge against a specific species in your home.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
 This soil felt and looked amazing when I first opened it . It was light and airy , seemed to hold moisture well without drying out too quick . But , the second it was rained on , it compacted down a full 2-3 inches . The only plants that have even manage to sprout were plants that were kept inside , away from the rain . They are now starting to wilt , droop , and turn yellow.Unfortunately , I used this soil for all of my containers . I will now have to spend nearly $ 200 -LRB- in addition to what I 've already wasted on the Hyponex -RRB- to attempt to get a round of seedlings sprouted this season .
 I 'm reviewing dirt , here , let 's keep in mind . And it 's because the stuff is so bad , you 'd do better to get dirt from a concrete island separating a 4-lane road than to purchase this product . The bags I bought were ~ $ 5 at a local hardware store , so the price here is 2X that . Second , it is full of chunks of clay , wood , ROCKS -- several really large rocks were in the bags , that 's how they get to 8 lbs ... But the main problem is that I 've never had success growing vegetables using Hyponex potting soil . I 've had stellar success with enhanced/composted dirt from outside and from other potting soils . But vegetables -LRB- tomatoes , cucumbers and even peppers do n't do well -RRB- consistently fail with Hyponex , so think about that before you invest in a porch garden with Hyponex ! It 's on my boycott list for life .
 Ive used this stuff several times , usually purchased at a discount store . Learned long ago that attempting to grow anything in it on its own was a terrible idea . The soil is almost water repellant , almost fascinating really . But I discovered that it works great as one component of a mix when trying to grow desert plants . Tossing in a few handfuls of this with some coir or peat , bit of perlite , and some compost , makes the soil drain faster and help avoid drowning plants that are more suited to dry arid climates . Only reason I mention this at all is the soil tends to be cheaper than buying gardening sand . You may want to sift out the wood chips though . A bit of shaking and the stuff ends up with an inch deep layer of mulch on the surface .
 It is very bulky . Although multi purpose , but not convenient to use for either purpose.Will not recommend this thought .
 I chose this one because of it 's larger size but the blanket came with a broken handle , even if it had n't I would have been disappointed . Obviously we did n't use it -LRB- returned -RRB- but the soft side seemed cheap and thin . Not the cozy picnic blanket I expected .
 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH !! Even though I got my favorite color -LRB- green -RRB- , I was disappointed with the scratchy velcro in the middle of the blanket , as also mentioned by another reviewer . The hood is impractical to use - it 's literally putting a bag over your head . And that strap on the outside is short , which is not really convenient . However , it is the biggest waterproof blanket you can probably get for $ 20 . If you do n't mind it being thin and if you 're ready to do some wrestling-back-into-the-bag , then this might be the blanket for you .
 I bought this for its good price and the large size and its waterproof quality . But when you put it flat on the ground , the pocket thing in the middle along with the string and plastic piece holding the string together is extremley uncomfortable to deal with . It basically feels like you are sitting on a bulge right in the middle of the blanket and the plastic parts hurt whatever you are sitting on . So I end up putting another blanket over the middle of this blanket to minimize discomfort . Also , the fleece inside may be good for warmth , but as a summer picnic blanket it does not work so well because it 's hard to clean it from grass and sand .
 Great idea on the screen , not so functional in use . It will never pack up as nice as it is designed to when they send it to you . The material on one side is shiny nylon and hence slippy to sit on -LRB- and fold -RRB- . The other side is an unsubstantial fuzzy surface that feels very synthetic like and not warm and snuggly at all . I 'll keep it but regret buying it .
 we got one after reading the reviews . but we do n't really like it since it does n't fold well .
 Maybe its just me ... but I was not impressed . I bought it for a gift to go with the picnic backpack and it looked no more than just average . I thought it was going to look alittle more like LL Bean or LandsEnd quality . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I got my son-in-law and grandson these for camping ... great to sit on and to provide added warmth to their sleeping bags .
 Item arrived with zipper stuck . Could not get the zipper undone . ended up ripping the fabric but the zipper did not budge . blanket is impossible to get back in the bag even if the zipper worked . do not buy this blanket . terrible construction .
 I am surprised that Coleman would offer a product so poorly suited for its intended use . The inner foam is so thin that even when the pad is fully inflated the sharp parts of your body will rest solidly on the surface under the pad . I did n't know what unbonded meant when I bought the pad . What it means is that the pad is like a large balloon . . the front is not fastened to the back anywhere , so when you lie down it balloons up where you are n't and crushes flat where you are . In other words , it 's useless as a pad . Do n't be tempted to buy this product . You will not be happy with it !
 I agree with Jim 's review from 2005 . This has also been marketed under the Wenzel brand name , and this no longer appears on their web site . As Jim warned , the pad balloons up wherever you are not applying weight and flattens where you are applying weight . I attempted to make it more cushy by blowing more air into it , but that made the `` moon bounce '' effect much worse without protecting my hips/pelvis from the pain you normally associate with sleeping with no pad.UPDATE
 Do n't be fooled by the appearance of this pad . It is useless.I have owned two Thermarest camp pads for more than ten years . They still work perfectly . I was travelling , needed a pad , and this was the only one carried in the local store . I purchased the Coleman pad and could n't believe it when I added a little air - and it started to balloon . I was sure I had a defective pad - until I researched it further.Buy something else - like a Thermarest or an ALPS .
 for the same cost , get the texsport or one with tacking throughout , This one poorly inflated , and the inside foam gel moves around and makes it awkward and uncomfortable . Also very hard to deflate , slow air flow . Not worth it compared to the other brand I bought at same time for same cost .
 i got this product from walmart about 2 years ago . Ive used it probably about 50 times . its kinda heavy , it inflates easy , holds air well , and im not sure if its big in comparison to other pads all i know is im looking for something lighter . Ive used this pad every time Ive gone hiking or camping or even backpacking . it has NEVER failed me . it makes the night alot easier if inflated enough . you can not just let it inflate by itself . i let mine inflate and then i add a few extra puffs of air until its filled right . you cant fill it too much or else it kinda becomes a ballon . all in all im happy with it and if you need something just to go camping -LRB- not backpacking -RRB- then definitely buy this . its quality.update
 I have been camping for many years . I am an Eagle Scout and now have a son who has started camping in Cub Scouts . I bought this pad thinking that it would be fine for weekend campouts . The first one I bought was all messed up . When it inflated the air chamber looked like a snake on the inside . Coleman replaced it for free . The Second one inflated and it is no better than sleeping on a balloon . When you lay on it the air from under your body pushes out to the head and feet like a balloon when you squeeze it.Not impressed .
 This mat is horrid . It will not stop you from hurting in the morning !!! If your wife wont let you spend money on a `` good '' sleeping pad . Just let her use it for a night .
 After blowing through what seemed more than our fair share of air mattresses , I decided to take a different tack . I remembered my father 's army-issue pad that inflated and was comfortable on hard surfaces . I was much lighter at the time , so that may have played some role.I was happy when I found these , and I bought two since they seemed so similar to what I had in mind.The product 's description is right . It does self inflate . The problem is what you do after they self inflate . You can leave the valve open , but then you have no padding . Or you close out the valve , and you trap the air in . The problem is that the air rushes around to where there is no pressure on the pad , and you again have no padding , but this time you have ballooning where the air rushed to . Basically your padding becomes a foot support.These were returned the next day . I do no recommend this product . If I were to make a recommendation to the manufacturer , I would tell them to find a way to isolate the air so that it actually creates padding where it is needed . One way would be to create chambers so that air movement would be restricted . As is , the product is useless for my purposes , and I am having trouble imagining a situation where it would not be.I went and bought another air mattress the next day .
 This has also been marketed as the Wenzel Self Inflating pad . Under either name , you get to feel the ground against your hip/pelvis and it balloons up where you are not applying weight . Moon bounce effect . AVOID .
 should n't have bought this . hardly inflates at all and very hard to return . need all sorts of authorization numbers which i still have n't received . very sad .
 I 've had this model , in black , for about 2 years - I used it twice each year with my cub-scouting son on overnights - nothing more . I used it last week and discovered that it has a leak -LRB- large enough to deflate in minutes when being used -RRB- . I 've used it 3-4 times total ! Also , I agree with the other reviewers - it did not inflate on its own , and was not very comfortable when inflated . A real disappointment considering the cost .
 We 've recently converted a van for camping and built in lengthwise combination bench seats/beds in the back ... the listed size of these was perfect for them and the specs/pricing attractive so in spite of reading some negative reviews we decided to give them a try.We did as the instructions said and let them &#34; fluff &#34; for over 30 hours before the trip ... hmmm not nearly up to the 2.5 &#34; claimed so we put them in the van and made the 8 + hour drive to our first campsite ... still not close to the advertised thickness so we added -LRB- lots -RRB- air by mouth , put them on top of our old thermarests for extra padding and headed to bed ... The mats quickly proved impossible to stay on ... the fabric is so slick that not only did the sleeping bags quickly slide off but the mats also slid off the extra pads we had underneath ... fortunately -LRB- ??? -RRB- the mats started loosing air quickly and as they did they stayed in place better ... strange to think of a mat loosing air as a benefit but it was ; - -RRB- These were a focus/constant concern during the 5 nights we camped and were returned -LRB- quickly and easily ... thank you Amazon -RRB- on our return.It 's too bad they did n't work ... guess we 'll have to bite the bullet and go back to the higher priced -LRB- and reliable -RRB- matts ...
 My fiancee and I both purchased these -LRB- although we purchased them from Walmart -RRB- , and our experiences were exactly the same for both , so I know I did n't just get stuck with a lemon.We used it a total of three nights -LRB- 3 separate trips -RRB- : Trip 1
 I bought this as an afterthought -- as in , `` Oh yeah , I need one of those too ! Almost forgot '' . Since it was a fast purchase , I did n't research , figuring Coleman to be good regardless . WRONG ! 1 . Not self-inflating as I think of self-inflating . There is a thin foam pad that compresses when the mat is rolled up , and it expands again , letting in a bit of air , when the valve is open .2 . It is ALSO self-DEflating ! I learned this while camping . There are no holes in it ; I figure the valve must be faulty . I woke up with only that thin foam insert between me and the ground . My body weight forced the air out .3 . The pillow is good . I like the pillow.I would not recommend this to even an enemy . I 'm going to a closed-cell foam pad , and if I can find the receipt , it 's definitely going back.I 'm very unhappy with Coleman.Josh
 I wish i had read some reviews before i purchased Colemans pathetic P.O.S self deflating , ass on the ground mattress.What happened Coleman ? Did you have to many satisfied customers and wanted to thin the herd a little ? I weigh 145 pounds and got on the the mattress , and all the air went to the bottom end of the mattress and now i have two pillows and no mattress.Don ' t waist your money , this thing is poorly designed.I returned this and got a Big Agnes air matress , yes you have to blow it up but it 's really comfortable and packs small as well .
 bought two of these pads last year for me and my wife . Used them a couple times since then . Just got back from a camping trip today , using this product . I slept two nights on this pad , both my hips and shoulder a horribly sore . I was able to feel the ground on my hip and shoulder , through my sleeping bag , and this pad . I usually go camping for the R&R , but right now I feel more exhausted than if I just stayed home , due to the lack of sleep on this pad . The air in this pad doesnt support the pressure points , it seems to just move down by your feet , or everywhere your body is n't . If you value your sleep while camping , wouldnt recommend this product
 Got this at Walmart when I was in a bind . The first time I used it , it ` popped ' and lost all it 's air pressure . I did inflate it by mouth a bit , but I also only weigh 185 . I will return tomorrow ... with a sore back .
 I purchased this last year and used it for the first time a year later . It goes flat rapidly so then its the same as laying on the ground . The only thing its good for is a back rest on the motorcycle . I called Coleman customer service and was told that 's just how it is and I must have a receipt ans within 1 year for them to do anything.You will have more padding if you put $ 49 in $ 1 bills under you .
 Thought I would save a few bucks over REI for a sleeping pad - do n't do it ! Number one , it did n't self-inflate at all . Number two , it was twisted so that the bottom of the pad sits at a 45 degree angle from the top of the pad . Number three , when you inflate it , it 's super-puffy , like a pool toy . Number four , it 's incredibly uncomfortable , with giant pits all over it - and I 'm not picky!I ca n't believe Coleman is willing to put their name on this garbage . Take my word , it is suck-worthy . You 'll just end up returning it .
 I have been reading reviews on this site for several years , but have never written one until today . Unfortunately , I did n't research this item before buying three of them for my children . I have always had good experiences with Coleman products and was very excited when I saw these in the store . Unfortunately , these pads do n't make the cut and are going back to the store tomorrow . First , they do n't inflate very well -LRB- I tried self-inflating 2 of them -RRB- . After 15 minutes they were only half full and they never filled completely . Second , they filled unevenly and became very puffy in some places . Third , they were very uncomfortable . I would rather sleep on the gorund . I could have blown up three $ 2.00 pool mattresses/rafts in a fraction of the time and they would have been more comfortable . At $ 30.00 each , I expected more.I did notice that Coleman makes another self inflating pad without the billowy pockets . Maybe I 'll give that one a try before I go back to a standard foam pad or air mattress . When I think of Coleman products I usually think reliable quality products at a reasonable price . Unfortunately , this item does not deliver and I would have to give it a thumbs down ... Sorry !
 Second , and last , one of these I 've owned.The first one was nice because both the pillow and the mat self-inflated . This one only the mat inflates . You have to blow up the pillow with your own lungs . Strike one.The mat itself provides very little support , even when fully inflated . It looks heavily padded in the photo . It 's not . Strike two.If there is a defect after the intial period of time expires where you can return it to the retailer you bought it from , you are given a whole bunch of numbers to call if it is defective . Strike three.Surprising that Coleman puts their name on these things . Considering they are just part of a larger conglomerate , they are basically distributors of products made elsewhere.As you can see from the other reviews , this is one product that needs redesigned or should die a quick death on the market.Don ' t be fooled by the label . Shop around.I ended up buying a full size air mattress -LRB- though the air pump is extra -RRB- . Not very portable and requires electricity to inflate but at least it is what it says it is .
 Bought this shelter based upon the reviews here at Amazon . I have to say after using the product ; I am very very disappointed an have already returned it . First it CANT compare in simplicity of setup to the other canopies with folding aluminum framework that are 1 piece . The Coleman is comprised of NUMEROUS different pole pieces that you have to correctly insert into 11 plastic elbows , which are divided into several different groups . After setting it up , it worked fine and looked good . Unfortunately , once the rains came it could n't stand despite being staked down . Two days latter I went to pack it up . Taking this down is a nightmare and reinforced my decision to return it . The poles are held in with spring clips , which are a pain to indent sufficiently to remove the pole from the plastic elbows . Additionally after one rain , the poles were already showing signs of surface rust.Really disappointed and yet another example of the many many poorly made Chinese products .
 This tent looks nice and it definitely sets you apart from the rest of the shelters its pretty diffuclt to put up with two people and the legs are made of thin metal and snaps pretty easily . This is a good value but I strongly reccommend against anyone buying it . I would go with the new design Swiss Gear models that cost just a little bit more and is probably 10 times more sturdy and very easy to put together .
 Do n't use this company 's product ice melting products unless you plan to replace your concrete driveway . Even when used as directed , you 'll be left with large holes in the concrete . it does n't deserve even a one-star rating but could n't write this review without at least one star .
 The first batch of alfalfa sprouts produced great . It does take rinsing at least twice a day . The next go , I used a mix of sprouts I got from a health food store . By the second day , the sprouts were starting to mildew . I threw that out and started over . By day two , again the sprouts were starting to mildew . I have low humidity in my house so I ca n't figure the problem . Rinsing twice a day is all I can manage because I work away from home . I rinsed real good and left the sprouts uncovered . So far so good , but this system is n't perfect , needs more supervision than I can offer it .
 I bought this seed sprouting system because I love sprouts and had a different system many years ago . My seeds sprouted okay , but they kept mildewing ! The watering system is terrible . If you do n't keep a constant eye on them , they either dry out or rot . The directions do say that they should be rinsed 2 times per day , but that is too much for me -LRB- I have a family and household to take care of -RRB- . I 'm throwing it out and trying to find my old sprouting system .
 We have used this beach shade twice . On the second use one of the poles broke so we can no longer use it . Also the first time when used it we were missing to stakes to hold the front door down .
 Well , this item is a good concept , just not at an ocean beach . This might be good at a lake where there is n't much wind . It was such a pain to put up because it was windy . And even when it was up we had to pile all our stuff inside to keep it from blowing away . The sand bags were n't much help .
 I camp a lot and this shelter makes tent # 6 for me . After reading all the great reviews , I purchased this in order to have our infant on the beach . I do n't know what Coleman was thinking . The sleeves that you insert the fiberglass `` poles '' in to are made of a weak mesh . The metal tips on the poles ripped through the mesh the first time I set this up on the beach , and only continued to rip as the vacation went on . Forget about setting it up in wind . I 'm disappointed with the product .
 We bought the Coleman Beach Shade recently and found it is so difficult to set up that we end up using our little beach umbrella . We wish we could exchange for a Sport Umbrella which handles as easily as a regular umbrella . The Beach Shade is definitely not a `` popup ''
 The sleeves you slide the pole into to set the tent up are made of some cheap mesh that tore as we were sliding the pole into it on our 2nd use . Now every time we use it we have to lay across the tent and make sure teh pole in that sleeve does n't push out of the growing hole . We camp a lot and use lots of different tents . We bought this for an open beach shelter . I found it takes a long time to set up for only 34 poles and the poles must be pushed gingerly or they will tear right through the sleeves . Otherwise its a great large roomy shelter that if you use the stay lines , it will probably stay up in a moderate wind -LRB- as long as the sand is not too soft -RRB- . My wife will not use it because it takes too long to set up .
 It is OK once it is put together but it is one pain in the neck to put up.The sand bag idea was not thought out . It needs to be secure to the ground before you can even start thinking about erecting it . We had a hard time with it using the stakes into dirt so I know it would not be fun putting up on the beach . We wound up ordering another tent . I wish I could return it.Brian Cianfrani
 I hope my experience was just an anomaly but I was very disappointed with the quality of sewing and strength of materials used in the supports.The anchors are very light gauge and bend very easily when hammering them in.The stitching at the securing points were poorly done and missed at the end causing the tent not to lay flat and the post to slip out.The support bars do n't lock together making it impossible to pull the bars through.When the bars come undone they can split easily making the entire structure lop sided.The material is very thin and does not radiate heat as well as other previously owned tentsFolding the canopy neatly is next to impossible.Looks good when it 's up and design is well thought out even though poor executed .
 It took two of us over an hour to put up . Instructions poor and someone on the beach had to help us that new how to put it up . One of the poles snapped and broke while ripping the meshing so we ended up renting an umbrella . I will probably throw in the garbage .
 This did not work for us . We wanted a family tent to take to the beach to keep the sun off our toddler and baby . My husband took it out in the backyard to practice putting it together . He tried for 20 minutes and finally said , I ca n't do this . Then he spent 20 more minutes trying to put it back in the box . We had to order a beach umbrella .
 I just received this today . While the shipping was exemplary the tent was BROKEN ! One of the 2 shock-corded , black , cross poles was broken -LRB- the cord inside the pole was snapped !! -RRB- Needless to say , I 'm not happy AT ALL because I purchased this for a trip to the beach that is scheduled for THIS WEEKEND -LRB- in 3 days -RRB- !!!! I just now attempted to call Coleman , but of course , I have to call back during regular business hours ! Even if they replace the part , how will I get it in 2 days , before I leave for my trip ??!! This is EXTREMELY frustrating and disappointing . I 'm shocked and appalled that Amazon would ship a defective product !! I am NOT HAPPY with this experience AT ALL !!!
 I expected to open the package and see the bright electric lime in the product photos . That colour was major in deciding to buy this particular shade . It has a light airy , feel and would look great alongside my other beach accessories . The colour also feels modern which gave me the confidence that Coleman had hired some cool product designers to make stuff the 20/30 year old generation would want to own.Not so . Unfortunately , when I opened the tent it was a medium forest green colour - think lumberjack shirts and plaid sleeping bags from 1970 . With `` Coleman '' emblazoned across all the sides it basically looks like the matching item to a camping lantern . It 's the same old-school junk you pick up at the hardware store . It does not say `` beach '' `` fun '' or `` modern '' . That was a big disappointment.On the plus side Coleman delivered on the things it already does well - an adequate and well thought out structure that functions as it should when it 's set up.I have n't decided yet if I 'll take this to the beach and risk looking like someone who tried to make their backwoods tent do double duty , or return it and look for something modern . I will let you know ...
 Although it says it 's a beach tent , it takes some time to put the rods together and figure out where they go . When I go to the beach , I do n't want to spend the first 15 minutes setting up a shelter . Instead , I purchase a pop up type that only takes about 15 second to set up . Returning it to Amazon was no problem .
 At the time I purchased this product -LRB- June 2011 -RRB- , the product description said that it included `` Powder-coated steel frame '' which I took to be a typo and that this had aluminum poles . Turns out that that item , the `` powder-coated steel frame '' is bizarre because there 's not a piece of steel associated with this tent , and the only metal are the poles ' aluminum joints , the metal zipper pulls and aluminum stakes.Here 's the problem that anyone who has ever pitched a cheap tent will understand
 I ordered this clock for my outdoor spa area ; unfortunately it does not work . I changed the batteries several times , but it still would work for about 5 minutes and stop . Too bad , as this is really a nice-looking clock . I guess you could buy a different clock works for it , but for the price of this one , it should have had better clock works . I returned this clock .
 Product brags about being `` precision made in China . '' My sample lost a half-hour for every hour . I thought they used a 60 minute hour in China too . It cost half the purchase price to return for a refund .
 the feng shui ball is very pretty , but the hole the drilled on the top is unfinished . It left it looking like i said unfinished .
 I use it for 2 mins , and it stop working , I opened it an I found parts of a bearing .
 I ordered these to have floating in a pool for a small wedding reception , In the picture it is described as having multiple colors.I received only white and lavender.Although they did function well , I wouldve liked to have the different colors .
 It 's lightweight and the price is right . Those are the only pro comments . The chair is very uncomfortable , especially the back . The back is way to far back to support at all . Overall I expected more for a Coleman product . Not satisfied .
 I was looking for a lightweight chair to take backpacking . I am very disappointed in the backrest on this model . It is way too far back to be useful . I am working on jamming something next to the pivot to provide more support . Too bad , because the design is so simple and light .
 This chair has very little back support , due to both stretchy material on the back and the angle of the back is not upright enough -LRB- leans back too far -RRB- . The end result is you 're leaning back too far to be comfortable , at least for me at 145 # .
 Have two much older coleman chairs that have a padded backrest . I wish Coleman still made and sold those .
 It kept taking on water , was unevenly floating , listed to the side and sank like the titanic . Waste of money .
 the bag was shipped in a box without packing material . the corn cobs have arrived with half of the kernels knocked of the cobs and in the bottom of the bag . the corn cobs are brittle and very difficult to attach to the corn cob hanger . i will not purchase this product again .
 So i used it once . got windy blew over and the aluminum pole broke . looked nice though
 I bought this in November on sale . I pulled it out to use for my 1st summer party on July 4 . It was up for 6 days & snapped in half yesterday during a breeze . I have used large umbrellas like this for 10 yrs on my deck & I have never had one that I paid so much for that lasted for such a short time . Some of mine have lasted for 2 years ! The metal on this pole is very thin & cheap . It is a nice shade umbrella if you NEVER have a breeze blow . I would stay away from this umbrella & buy something else , maybe from Costco where you do n't have to pay return shipping & find a box to send it back in , etc. & they have an unconditional guarantee .
 I enjoyed the umbrella . I enjoy it no more . The tensioning cord that holds the umbrella open broke in less than a year . I used it two or three times a week Spring through Fall of 2009 . I never opened it to its maximum diameter . Coolaroo warranties the fabric but not other components of the umbrella . Caveat , as they say , emptor .
 These cushions are good . They arrived on time and were in every way as promised.They are really expensive for what you get and cost me about 50 % more than a pair I had ordered earlier this summer.Would not have ordered same cushions again at this price , but I wanted them to match .
 These cushions are good . They arrived on time and were in every way as promised.They are really expensive for what you get and cost me about 50 % more than a pair I had ordered earlier this summer.Would not have ordered same cushions again at this price , but I wanted them to match .
 Like the other 1 star reviewers , the hose I received leaked profusely . I was able to connect other hoses to the same spigot without any leaks , yet this hose always leaked profusely . The hose has been returned . Buy at your own risk .
 This hose leaked a lot once I hooked it up . I thought it was me , so I had a man hook it up thinking I did something wrong , and it still leaked . We tried hooking it up multiple times , but no matter what we did it would spray out where we connected it to the spicket . Realized it was not worth the money I paid for it because the hose is not a good quality and the one I currently have is better , so boxed it up and returned it .
 Length :
 I know the kink-free hose is a myth , but I expected this `` kink resistant , '' relatively expensive hose to be better than the cheapos I 've bought in the past . Instead , it 's one of the kinkiest hoses I 've ever had . And it 's very heavy , which would be acceptable if that kept the kinks out , but it does n't . Very disappointing .
 Like the 50 ft version , this hose comes with an il fitting black round seal . Normal replacement seals did not fix the problem but when I put in the '' Brass Quick Connector Seals 09QSRBAG '' the leak stopped .
 Hello I bought Q 100 . I thought it was important to pass along my experiences because I 'm helped so often by what other reviewers share . Got this 6 + months ago , light use then we were cooking every night Oh how we loved it , cooked everything awesome ... but then came problems with the igniter , then like another reviewer stated the following happened . . We unscrewed a propane cartridge from the grill , and brass regulator nozzle parts remained in the cartridge , sticking the cartridge valve open , and thus causing propane to violently spew from the cartridge . This was a dangerous situation because the brass parts could have then acted as a projectile , or the propane could have ignited and become a fire hazard . '' Our propane cartridge did ignite and fortunately we put out the fire before we or others got burned . I 've owned some cheap outdoor grills in the past but nothing like this ever happened . My advice -LRB- maybe we got a lemon but it was an expensive lemon -RRB- try it , check return policy and use it a lot to make sure you do n't get our problems . We 're buying electric ... Good Luck
 I read all the great reviews and purchased a Weber Q 100 . It 's been nothing short of a disaster.Assembly was easy enough , but the grill did n't get hot enough or reliably stay lit . In fact , a breeze would sometimes blow it out . Cooking a couple of burgers took about 20 minutes . Obviously , there was a problem . I got the same result from two different disposable propane tanks , as well as a 20 # LP tank . -LRB- Yeah , I bought the hose for that , too . So I 'm in for over $ 200 at this point . -RRB- So I called Weber 's customer service . They instantly thought it was the regulator/valve assembly , and promptly send a new one.After receiving the new one and installing it , I had the same problems . Again I called Customer Service , and again , they 're sending a new regulator/valve assembly . So I 'll be without the grill for a while -- it 's been about three weeks so far . I 'm not sure how many times this process will repeat , but it 's extremely frustrating.Had I taken this to a tailgate or on a camping trip , it would have been extremely embarrassing . Actually , maybe that 's what I should do.Avoid this until Weber gets the regulator issues solved .
 I received the Q100 yesterday and immediately found a part fit problem . The holes in the cover and base for the hinge pins did not line up . This resulted in the cover remaining open by about 2 inches . I had to use a rat tail file to elongate the holes in the cover so it would completely close . I was also disappointed that the propane bottle normally used on portable gas grills -LRB- short and fat -RRB- would not fit . I had to make a special trip to a hardware store to purchase a tall thin one that is normally used for torches . The problem here is availability ; the short fat ones are readily available at camping , sporting good and discount department stores where the tall skinny ones are not . The short fat ones are also considerably less expensive
 I purchased the Q 100 about eighteen months ago and have probably used it a total of 10 cooking hours . I use it only for outdoors picnics on land I own . I do like its size and many design features . However , and this is a big HOWEVER , this past weekend , after using the grill to prepare two meals , I unscrewed a Coleman propane cartridge from the grill , and brass regulator nozzle parts remained in the cartridge , sticking the cartridge valve open , and thus causing propane to violently spew from the cartridge . This was a dangerous situation because the brass parts could have then acted as a projectile , or the propane could have ignited and become a fire hazard .
 Not good ! It never heated above warm right out of the box . After three new 16.4 oz bottles and a couple of customer service snafus , turns out it needs a new regulator . Apparently the `` bad '' ones that `` were '' in circulation still are .
 We purchased a Weber Baby Q about two years ago . We were very pleased with the way it cooked . Then this spring the hose from the gas tank to the grill cracked . We purchased a new hose but it would not work . We brought the hose back to the dealer . The dealer tries everything , but could not figure out why the hose would not allow gas to get to the grill . They tried new Baby Webers in the Store and none of them worked . They tried new hoses off the shelf and none of them worked.So I called Weber and they basically told me if the dealer could not figure out the problem to go pound sand . So I am going to return the $ 40 hose and throw the Baby Weber Grill in the trash . Going back to the cheap off-brand grills that last at least two years or more . Then when something breaks on the cheap grills , I can at least fix them .
 After reading here that newer versions of this grill can take both 14 and 16oz bottles , I bought a brand new one from Walmart yesterday . There is no way a 16oz bottle can fit without permanent modifications . Called Weber customer service , and all they could say was it should fit and I should push harder . Well with a 16oz bottle it 's a good inch out of alignment , and if I forced it it would break . Even the user 's manual says both bottle sizes should fit . It 's a shame because it 's an otherwise good quality looking grill . For $ 150 it should work as advertised without me forcing or modifying anything . Will be returning it .
 I went to Home Depot , Lowes and Walmart . They do not carry the 14.1 Oz propane bottles for this grill . Why did Weber design a grill if the propane bottles are so hard to find ? Very frustrating!Now I have to buy the adapter for the larger bottles . I may as well have purchased a full sized grill .
 I brought this grill last summer , based on the outstanding reviews . I 've found it to be worthless . When it did n't work I went first to my local propane refill station to be sure the tank was OK . When it still did n't work I called the Weber customer service line and received outstanding response . . they sent me a complete replacement for the gas control . Got that and installed the new parts . Still does n't work . I 'm just going to write this off as a lost cause , set it out on the street for some hopeful pickup and go buy something else . Trust me . . it will NOT be another one of this loser.p.s I attempted to rate this piece of junk with zero stars but was obligated to give it one . Does n't even deserve that .
 The grill itself it great . I wish I had received all the parts . When I did n't I contacted the Seller - Ace Photo Digital about the problem Nesin contacted me first via e-mail asking me to call him . I called him and left a message . We played phone tag for 3 weeks . During this entire time he knew what the problem was . When we finally did manage to speak he told me to call Weber Grill and ask for the parts as there is nothing that Ace is able to do . Then he insisted that he had helped me with my problem and begged me to revise my negative review on Amazon . I told him that once I received the parts I would change my review . I also told him that I was not pleased with his solution . Why should I have to do more work for something they clearly screwed up . So , 3 days later he contacted me again to find out if I had called Weber . I told him I had not had time and he then offered to call for me . Why , he did n't offer to do this originally is unclear to me . A long story short . I have not heard from Nesin and I have not received my missing parts . In short - buy the grill directly from Weber . Ace is terrible .
 I have two BBQs , the Q and an Enviro Grill ... I use the Enviro Grill all year long . The Enviro Grill is located on the lower level of my property and house , so I must walk down a flight of stairs to reach it . Sometimes this is n't easy so I thought I 'd purchase a smaller unit for the upper deck . I 've owned the Q 300 for nearly two months now . Initially I found it ok . It grilled kabobs , pork , chicken just fine . I found that the steak did n't quite have the flavour that I was able to achieve on my Enviro . As time went on , I grilled on the Q just about every second night . I found that because there are no flare arrestors , none of the fat droppings burn to add flavour to the food . What does happen is the fat collects around the Q 's bowl shape and becomes putrid . Not as in rotting but a strong burnt oil smell ... it sours the food . I 've completely cleaned the Q twice now and have replaced the drip tray both times . I 'm not happy at all with this BBQ and wish I could return it . The only benefit I see with it is the size . For those wishing to purchase a BBQ , stay away . . this does n't grill like a regular BBQ.Please note ... . I grill all year long , sometimes in temperatures down to ' -30 ` c. I have a Green Egg smoker that I use too . I love to BBQ . This Weber does n't cut it and can be toxic imo .
 While this grill is well made and cooks fast it has thus far been impossible for me to figure out how to flame char the food I cook on it . Because of the design the fat drips down and vaporizes and the fumes from the vapors is supposed to flavor the meat . In practice this is not sufficient to get the flavor I like as I want to be able to flame char the meat for a short time and due to the inherent design of this BBQ it has thus far proven impossible to do .
 I have always held Weber to a certain standard that included their product and customer service until the first and last time I had to deal with their customer service.Here is my story : I had a party the other day where I grilled up eight amazing rib eyes . Unfortunately the fat from the steaks left a lot of residue onWeber 386002 Q-100 Portable Gas Grillthe grill and in the grease pan . When I was done grilling I turned off the propane and allowed the grease to burn off the grill when it continued to burn and then before i knew it the grill was on fire . Never experiencing this before , I called up Weber and said that 3 years after my purchase the grill does not warranty grease fire damage -LRB- strange for a bbq ? -RRB- . Their best solution was for me to buy a grill from them at cost , which is roughly the cost at amazon.Needless to say I will never buy a Q bbq again and I have regrets on buying my other Weber genesis . Maybe this is the time to go to charcoal exclusively .
 These guys at Union Tool really messed up . This used to be a magnificent rake but they changed the manufacturing process -LRB- probably tried to use less expensive materials -RRB- and it no longer has any use whatsoever . The tines are flabby and do n't rake anything . I talked to them about it some time back and they indicated that they were taking steps to restore the old qualities but I see no evidence that they have done so . I have been buying this rake for twenty years and I use about two or three per year .
 We tried these traps and the only thing we caught were the footprints of the mice/rats . What a joke/waste of money .
 This product just does not work . Do.not buy as it is a waste of money . Buy something else to get rid of flies
 Instructions lacking . Says to fill up water to the water line ... what line ? there is none . could n't put the lid on tightly without pushing out the contents . Caught 2 flies ... I killed about 20 manually ! Not worth it !
 ive order these before . the are shipping a 16 oz cheap cup . not what is pictured . avoid . it does catch flies , though .
 I had read that there are different types of flies which come out at certain times of the year , etc. . Obviously I did NOT know our type flies OR I missed their ` season ' because I only caught a few flies - when there were lots around when I began looking for a solution . Hoping to do better next summer . PS These are smelly & unsightly . Not something you want indoors or , in the least , near you . Maybe on a window sill , behind a curtain or blind .
 Product did not work after two weeks not one fly . In the garbage now . Going back to fly ribbon . Oh well so much for that
 Perhaps a good idea , but too skimpy on execution . Lid plastic wall and thread too weak to hold the bottle with water .
 I tried using this product in the garage after purchasing at a farm store . The traps made it smell like something died in the garage . Two traps got 2 flies in 3 days and there were a LOT of flies around . My kids swatted a lot more flies than these traps caught . Then I placed them outside where one trap caught maybe 100 flies and the other caught 1 -LRB- in addition to the 2 it got in the garage -RRB- . But even outside the odor was so bad my husband asked me to get rid of the traps .
 I bought four of these from Amazon to get the free shipping since I do n't ever want to pay shipping , and I was too lazy to drive to a retail store and buy just one to try.Flys really bother me inside the the house , or in the garage . Now , I 'm not so dumb as to think I could use these inside the house , but I thought inside the garage might work . The bait when mixed in warm water does n't initially have much of a strong oder.I put a trap in the garage and had no catches within a couple of hours , even though the garage was buzzing with critters . I then moved the trap outside , about 20 feet from the open door . That day I had several flys trapped . The next day I had even more . The trapping accelerated each day until on about day five I had a layer of 1 + inch of dead flys in the trap jar . Unfortunately , the stench of rotting flesh was now detectable at about 50 yards away , downwind . It appears that the bait is only to get the trapping started , and it 's the dead flys that really draw more flys in . At this point I had to get rid of the stench ; I could either bury the god-awful mess , or pour it into the sewer system -LRB- my choice -RRB- . I then employed two traps with the same smelly results . I again used the two traps but started with left-over canned cat food -LRB- in water -RRB- as the bait . The cat food seemed to do as good as the purchased bait , and the end results were again the same.After thinking it over , the removal of several dozens of outside flys that are immediately replaced from the countless numbers existing in the environment is hardly worth the trouble -LRB- and smell -RRB- of using the fly traps .
 I 'll go withRescue Big Bag Fly Trapin the future . They helped my business stay in business . No more flies after just a 2 weeks . The only thing to watch out for is rain . Cover your RESCUE traps when it rains.Simply put , every single big fly in the yard outsmarted the VICTOR trap.Flies
 I live on a small property of a couple of acres and occasionally in the summertime , one of the kids will leave the back door open and we 'll get some flies in the house . I bought this thinking that it would attract all the flies in the house and catch them . So far , it 's been sitting in a sunny window for a week and it 's only caught one fly . I would say to save your money and buy a fly swatter .
 The first fly trap arrived missing the white square piece on the top , I tried to use it without it , but it did n't work at all . So Amazon shipped a whole new trap to me and I thought it would work better whole and the bait in the new unit was a different color , so I thought maybe the bait had been worng in the first unit and that 's why I had n't caught anything . Nope , even with a new unit and new bait , I still never caught one fly . I left it up a week and it did n't work at all . I have no idea what the problem is . I am back to using sticky fly stips , at least they catch flys . Do n't waste your money on this thing .
 This product was of no use in catching the cluster flies that are a pest from September through January here in New England . We set it up indoors in a spot frequented by scores of the little devils and not a one was drawn to his/her death in it . I hope it works for other kinds of flies .
 I was so looking forward to having this trap kill all of the gnats taking over my plants and home ! Did not happen ! Kill off was one lonely gnat ... and trap became so stinky I had to give up and dump product down the drain . Boooo !
 This fly trap is not worth the money . It does n't do the job at all . The ones I bought else where were much better . Do n't buy them . There are much better ones out there .
 This is meant to be reusable but after staying outside last summer the plastic just became flimsy . What this means is I could n't get the lid on it at all this year , it buckled and bent and ended up with a couple holes from the bending . Of course getting the lid on was a nasty struggle before once it 's filled , the bait filled water will splash and I do n't particularly like the idea of bacteria spores hatching on my hands . If the lid screwed on all this could be averted . It did n't come with a rain guard either.The bait itself works like a charm , ca n't complain about that . I think I might make my own container and just buy bait .
 It has been sitting out for a week and the flies just sit on top of it or fly around it . Waste of money .
 Not very good . More like a gimmick . The cup was very flimsy , and did not kill for as long or as effective as other fly traps . I would definitely recommend to go another direction on this .
 If you 're buying this device for cluster flies , save your money . We 've had it up for a week in different places around the house and the only thing inside it is a hapless ladybug that wandered into it . Hundreds of cluster flies cloud our windows and divebomb us as we walk from room to room . A bug zapper has been the better approach for euthanizing these annoying insects .
 It was clumsy to use , very smelly and did not work well . I ended up throwing it away as it was no longer catching any flies after only a few weeks . It was promised to last for three months but it quit catching flies after only two or three weeks.The older Victor fly traps worked much better but are now unobtainable . They had a black screw on cap with a bright yellow dome shaped cover and a little black fly that perched on top and held it together . For the bottom they used a quart mason jar which was easy to fill . They were also easier to empty and start over when they did begin to smell . I wish that someone would manufacture them again .
 These are total crap . Did not catch one fly . Followed directions to the letter , no results . Complete rip off . Beware .
 We opened it and set it up and put in on the counter while we were gone for the weekend . When I came back there were no flies inside it . I had to use a fly swatter to kill a few flies before book club ladies came over . I then put the fly trap in the garage on a shelf . I forgot about it . For days afterward I smelled a dead sort of smell and thought a small animal died somewhere in my garage . I looked for days . Then I realized what the smell was and felt pretty stupid . The thing stinks !! You do n't want it in your house or around kids .
 My fly trap did not come with the white cover as pictured , so when hung outside it collects and fills with rain water . However , before or after being filled with excess rain water , it failed to catch any flies .
 This thing smells like trash , which I can only assume is intentional , and does n't trap flies . I had no success .
 It does not catch flies , and it smells horrible !! In addition , it is extremely lightweight so it can not withstand even the smallest amount of wind
 Left it outside , collected a whole bunch more flies outside but none in the container even though it was prepared exactly as detailed . Stinks ! Threw it out . Waste of money .
 This arrived with a broken top hook making it impossible to hang up . I placed it on a picnic table instead and after a week there is no noticeable difference in flying critters .
 it is using plastic cup so fragile and cheap . Much weaker than normal plastic disposable cup . I ended up throwing it away when fly comes out of the hole because it broke within few days . Buy same brand , but not disposable type -LRB- Even this one you have to throw away after it is filled with flies because bait pack is not so cheap and it is nasty to empty it out - you would see thousand of flies and may be maggots -RRB- However , the other unit by the same company works really well .
 The cup hanger broke after a few days of hanging in a fly infested area . The cup did n't catch a single fly and ended up in the garbage . Sad to say , I resorted to poison sprays and sticky tape .
 I dont know what all the good reviews were for . it is very small trap . i have had it out for two days and all it got was 1 bee . all the other flies are still flying around
 This `` pint '' size container is nothing more then a `` to go cup '' and a flimsy one at that . Hard to secure the lid without crushing the cup - not worth the price . Better to order the Quart size version - much sturdier or make your own by drilling holes in quart jar of your own . The bait itself works really well .
 It came with a broken light . To good to be true . It was not true . Where is my money ? I will keep the trap and send you the fleas .
 First of all , way overpriced . Almost $ 2.50 each ?! Then there 's the problem with the glue . As one reviewer said , they are sometimes difficult tp peel off the cover . However , most of mine had much too little glue . I just use a standard glue board and cut them with a scissors to fit . Just dip the scissors in flour before cutting .
 never got this order said it was out of stock , y am i be ask this and being sent this e-mail ?
 This product did not catch one flea ! I would not recommend to anyone . I got better results with borax.Save your money . Buy capstar , frontline , and borax .
 I bought this trap in hopes to get rid of the fleas in my house . All the trap did was trap spiders , moths and flies . I placed the trap in every room , in every corner of my house and NO fleas showed on the sticky paper .
 This trap did not attract fleas like I had expected . The bulb burnt out in less than a week . I had this trap close to the dog beds . After 2 weeks it had only 2 fleas it . I have 5 dogs and 2 cats and they all have fleas , in spite of monthly applications of Advantage . I also ordered another brand when I bought this . It was placed on another floor , and caught about a dozen fleas in the same 2 week period . Simple pie pans with soap water and a desk lamp caught more during this same 2 week test . It is not as neat looking , but does a better job .
 My dog was having a serious flea problem and I figured it was the whole house since I could see the fleas jumping off my bed . Our house is very clean and I vacuum once a week so I was surprised to see so many fleas . I bought this trap with enthusiasm , as I really wanted to see it work . My husband laughed at me and rolled his eyes when he saw me setting it up . I put it next to the dog bed . Two weeks and not a single flea ! Everyday I would check it and my husband would just laugh at me . I think I was more upset that my husband was right about it being a waste of money than it not working . But , it did make a good night light . Other than that , it did n't work . Maybe I did n't have enough fleas . Bummed .
 This device might have some beneficial application for someone somewhere but not so much for me . It is a very cheap plastic bowl with a small night light bulb that screws into the top . Adhesive paper is placed inside . Fleas are attracted to the light and the warmth . The fleas hop into the bowl and get stuck on the sticky paper.I caught between 30 and 50 fleas before the bulb burned out -LRB- three days after purchase -RRB- in my unit . The same amount of money could have been better spent on some permethrin based insecticide.This is more of a gimmick or a toy . I knew that ahead of time but I like gadgets so I bought one . I am disappointed that the manufacturer did n't at least use a higher quality bulb in the flea trap.My advice is not to buy this device . Your money will be better spent on some quality insecticide .
 Attracted one flea due to the warmth of a small lightbulb . Then the bulb burned out.It 's in the trash .
 Waste of money . I did n't catch any fleas with this product and I wish I did n't waste my money on this .
 This product did not work . It did not seem as though the light provided enough heat to attract the fleas and I only saw one flea trapped inside . I would not recommend this product .
 Bought this because the meds my vet sells do not work . This product only attracted gnats and dust and broke in about a month .
 I understand that this is not an expensive product , but when you get it , you will see the design is so cheesy and the package and inside of it was very dusty . It attracted bunch of bugs , so I am not sure if that means I do n't have any fleas at my home or not .
 Give them your money ? It does the job of collecting fleas . However , not that the product is poor , but if you 've a flea problem you believe requires this gadget , I strongly recommend you consider getting rid of the fleas by flea-fogging the room or house and getting the fleas off your animal -LRB- s -RRB- . I used this product out of desparation , but the end result was following my recommendation . I 'm flea-free in my home , but not by using this product .
 This product is useless unless your trying to catch moths or nats in the middle of the night . Not a single flea . Looking for another product
 I purchased these refills at the same time that I purchased the flea trap . There are no fleas in this area who are willing to step on these sticky discs . As a result , the flea trap is of no use to me . These refills are of no use to me as well and that is why I can give only one star . They cost only $ 5.76 which is too small an amount to consider returning this item . I plan to offer the flea trap and the refills on the local freecycle website in case there is someone who has a flea problem and wants to try this option .
 I used the trap for two weeks and have n't caught a single flea . I know they are around - our poor dog keeps getting infested .
 It did n't work for me ... at all , and I have a serious flea problem . I tried it in several locations , and aside from initially catching about 20 flea 's that was it . For the next two days nothing else was caught , even though I could see the flea 's around .
 The idea seems logical and very attractive . But after 3 weeks it has trapped zero fleas . My cat has a flea allergy , so it does n't take but one flea to set off her allergy . At night this is the only light except a night light in the bathroom . I 'll try the suggestion to make the whole area dark except for the trap -- maybe that will work.I have tried vacuuming , and the solution of vacuuming daily for 7 days seems more effective , although admittedly more work.Best think I can say about the flea trap is it makes a very effective night light .
 Maybe I did n't have anything to catch , but ... now I know for the future I do n't need refills for the trap itself .
 did n't catch even one flea or any other bug for that matter , really really disappointed in this product , because the brand is one I recognize as good
 used this for a camp , seemed to not really attract any kind of bugs let alone fleas it was supposed to get , i think i would have been better off just spraying with something .
 I received the flea traps five and the waxed paper would not peal off so I could use them two per trap 12 total . You have to peel off top wax paper to reveal the sticky trap no luck.The extra packs I ordered were on back order and the paper pealed off them . The 12 free ones I had to toss . Hope they will replace bad ones . -LRB- Do n't think this will happen -RRB- . MoondogieDenver , CoAugust 24 , 2011
 The only way these sticky pads work is if a flea accidently jumps into the trap . I guess you could wrap them around your ankles and see if the fleas jump on them as you walk around . Im going to just put some soapy water in the bottom of the trap and it should work BETTER than the sticky pads . But the trap doesnt attract fleas anyways . Shame on you Victor company .
 Both my cat and dogs have fleas and scratching like crazy yet this product did not catch ONE flea !!! nothing but dust particles . Waste of $ $ !
 One of the worst investments I have ever made . No fleas caught , but there is a bright side -- it makes a great night light .
 I have been using the traps for few weeks now and tried all the rooms in the house . So far , it did n't even get 1 flea . Only collecting dust .
 We 've been buying these traps for about 3 years . The first year the traps were fully glued . This last year or so the traps have been missing 75 % of the stickiness and have only been catching bugs in the 25 % area . They need to start using glue again . We are looking for another maker and trap .
 I bought this because I did n't want to use chemicals . We have little kids and lots of fleas . This thing was on 24/7 for weeks in multiple locations that have fleas . Not a single flea was caught . Total waste . This is a safe flea trap all right -- safe for the fleas !
 You are better off buying dish soap a plate and putting it next to a lamp.If fact I did this and the dish soap caught more fleas then these things .
 I purchased this item in addition to the actual trap by reading the reviews posted here on Amazon . The users must have had a much larger flea infestation than I as it took over a week to get 20 fleas . I used the trap in the area that the dogs sleep with no other light than the one on the trap . I know the dogs had fleas as I could see them . Maybe the fleas were smarter than the trap .
 I bought 3 of the Flea Traps , and 3 packs of the refills . Total waste of money . Fleas are jumping on me but yet none in the traps . So if you want a product to get rid of Fleas do n't buy this one .
 I was hopeful that this flea trap would be just the thing - no toxic sprays - bug balms etc but plugged it in and nothing!Not one flea was caught - as a matter of fact - nothing was caught so I can assume either two things ... It does n't work or I do n't have any fleas and all the `` stuff '' I used to get rid of them -LRB- beforhand -RRB- killed them off .
 I have a cat and dog . I had a flea infestation so bad that I got bitten during my sleep all over - hands , feet , neck , body . I thought it was mosquitoes initially . I got this flea trap and placed it under my bed , and near the dog and did everything they said . My animals were itching a lot all the time as I had run out of flea meds and vet was out of supply temporarily.I DID NOT CATCH ONE SINGLE FLEA AT ANY TIME FOR 2 MONTHS OF USE IN VARIOUS ROOM , NEAR DOG , UNDER CABINET , UNDER BED - NADA , ZERO , NIZ , NYET , NON !!! This manufacturer needs to be reported to FTC for making false claims on products . Utterly useless , DO NOT BUY!Here is how to eliminate fleas : do it myself pestcontrol Online - Order Talstar Pesticide and Ultracide for spraying your mattress . Do not spray pet bedding - wash it instead . Smell is too strong for animals.Vacuum your house as if your life depended on it !! Vacuum floors , carpets , crevices , mattresses , under cabinets , etc. . Throw away vacuum bag at end of first vacuum , then weekly . spray Ultracide inside vacuum bag to kill fleas as they hatch and store vacuum outside your house.Spray house and yard with Talstar using a 2-3 gal pump sprayer like Chapin . Mix and spray . Kills all bugs outside too ! Do not spray flowers or edibles . Spray perimeter of house , driveway , cracks in concrete , ant hills , etc. . Avoid earthworms . Repeat in one week to kill hatchling fleas . Let dry before letting pets back in . Has no smell.Spray your mattress with Ultracide and under cabinets . This has a strong smell . Do not spray this near animals as they have sensitive noses ! Let dry and aerate house.Wash animals with Eqyss Microtek Shampoo and Eqyss Premiere Conditioner . Give dogs Comfortis orally once a month . Give cats Revolution applied to skin once a month.On Amazon , buy Nitenpyram -LRB- $ 1 per tab -RRB- from Little City Dogs , which is generic for Capstar -LRB- $ 6 per tab -RRB- . This works for 24 hrs only and kills fleas instantly . Give animals orally -LRB- 2 sizes -RRB- at the same time you are spraying house so all fleas die that day ! You can give them Nitenpyram same time as other flea meds , no problem . Give animals another dose next day then after one week , so you keep zapping new hatchlings.This should eliminate fleas for 6 months till the next spraying . I spray 2 times per year and keep my animals on monthly flea meds plus Nitenpyram as needed .
 Does n't work ! Waste of money ! It 's a lightbulb and flypaper . You 're better off with a room fogger and spray !
 This product does not work . I know that getting rid of fleas is frustrating . Do not get sucked into this product . Save your money and get an exterminator .
 It does n't seem to work so good ! I put it in the room with two of my dogs and had one flea on the trap . It stayed by the kennel for two days only a few bugs ... . i washed the dogs , they were covered in fleas . Ugh
 I do n't know if it was Premium or not but I just saw a Weber brand 22 1/2 - inch Kettle Cover at the Home Depot for $ 10 ! With shipping I paid $ 27.99 for this one.I feel ripped off .
 Durable , fits well , protects well , looks great . I would n't own the grill without the cover .
 My Weber grill came with this cover and a brace in the back of the grill that nicely holds the lid . The Weber cover does not fit this grill unless I disassemble the brace in the back - we are talking screws and bolts . With stretching and effort you can get the cover over half of the grill but that 's it . It seems a cover should fit the grill without disassembly . This cover also shows cracking and bubbling on the inner layer of material . No , I did n't try to put it on while the grill was hot . I am looking for a replacement .
 It does n't look like it , but as other reviewers have noted , high wind -LRB- around 50 mph -RRB- will cause this cover to disappear . It flew off once , it did n't go far , I thought it was a fluke . The second time , it was gone for good . I experimented with the cheaper cover , it also flew off , never to be found . If Weber ever comes up with a more secure design , maybe I 'll try that , for now the grill is uncovered -LRB- with the lid bungeed down -RRB- .
 Although the cover fits the performance grill well , there 's nothing to keep it on when a breeze comes up ... For INDOOR storage only ... Needs to be weighted at the hem . Does n't take much of a wind to blow it right off ... The climate during grill covering season is not conducive to chasing it across the back yard!Please correct so it can stand next to your excellent grills , WEBER .
 Very poor fit , much to snug , have to stretch and pull to cover grill . If it had not gotten wet I would return .
 This grill cover was not what I expected . I bought it to replace the one that came with the grill . The original equipment was heavy duty and covered the entire unit down to the ground . The one I bought through Amazon was lightweight , did not cover the entire unit and seems likely to blow away if it gets very windy . It 's better than nothing , but not by much .
 This item lasted about a year and then the sun got to it . If you just want it to keep the dust away and will be stored away from the sun , it might be okay . Mine sat in the sun on the patio and and the ultraviolet rays just dried it up to no end . I certainly would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This is a top notch product , well made out of good material but when you toss a steak or burger on the grill you will not get those nice grill marks on your meat that you expect to see.The SS racks do n't have the mass of the porcelain on steel racks my grill came with and consequently do n't have the same browning effect.I will be replacing these SS racks with the porcelain on steel racks . The cast iron racks are just too much trouble to bother with .
 BEWARE - Amazon lists this cover with the Weber Performer grill . It does NOT fit the 2006 Performer and should NOT be purchased together .
 The grill cover is shown and linked with the wrong grill It did n't fit when I got it , and now I probably have to pay to return it . I ordered another cover , and it fit perfectly.The rating is for the Amazon site , not the cover . Make sure your grill matches up with cover .
 The advertisement picture shows the cover below the top of the wheels . The cover I received was a full 3 inches above the top of the wheels and left the bottom storage rack fully exposed to the weather .
 The cover that I received was much shorter than pictured . Someone else had the same problem . I sent it back , it seemed pointless . I am using my old Weber cover . It does n't look real pretty , but it provides outdoor protection - which IS the point .
 IF I HAD ONLY TOOK THE EXTRA 2 MINUTES TO SCROLL DOWN AND SEE THAT ME FELLOW GRILLERS HAD ALREADY MAD THE SAME MISTAKE AS I. . . AMAZON DROPPED THE BALL AND STILL HAS N'T FIXED IT YET ... COVER DOES N'T FIT PERFORMER GRILL . . CALLED WEBER AND THEY TOLD ME TO ORDER 7455 AND IT WILL WORK FINE . .
 This item is being paired and sold together with the Weber Performer grill . This has been written about before and if I had looked at the customer comments I would not have made the mistake . However , it would be nice if Amazon would correct this problem since it appears that this has been getting reported since 2006 .
 cover does not fit grill , got a defective grill first time . OK , was sent new one , now got cover and is the wrong size . . others wrote about this but looks like they don ; t care . Now I have to pack it up send it back and hope they send the right one . I talked to someome I could not understand and he did ` nt understand me . This is America , Talk my LANGUAGE ...
 Do n't buy this cover . It does n't fit the Weber Performer grill . No response from Amazon when I asked `` Why do you continue to offer/advertise this grill cover as fitting the Weber Performer grill when previous customer comments dating back to 2006 clearly state that it does not . '' I did n't notice the comments until after I bought the cover , found it did n't fit the Performer grill , returned it , and bought the right one locally from Ace Hardware .
 I had the same problem as Richard Harvey . This cover is just too small for my Performer .
 I saw this product oin the store yesterday , and I think it 'll be great . Do youselves a favour and buy it somewhere else though . Amazon says it `` usually ships in 24 hours '' . Now , 48 hours later , only ONE of the items -LRB- the smallest one that I just threw in for convenience -RRB- has shipped . Of course , this means that I ca n't cancel my order and buy it at the store now . Amazon 's customer service has slipped significantly in the last 2 years . Save yourself the trouble and buy from a local retailer .
 We were trying to eliminate some remaining flies in our house that got in through an open fan in the window . We put these fly ribbons out for several days and no flies were caught . Seems like a complete waste of money to me .
 I have a minor fly problem in our kitchen , so I bought these at Home Depot to fix it . After hang the fly ribbons for three days , zero flies were caught . I still see a fly occasionally buzzing around our kitchen ignoring the fly ribbon completely .
 You can be as careful as you want as you pull and twist the ribbon to release it from the tube , but half the time the ribbon just rips apart . It 's frustrating as hell .
 very disappointed . we hung them all up for 4 days and caught zero flies . even the one over the trash can had zero flies , though there were a few flies hanging out on the wall next to this useless thing.i would avoid this product if i were you .
 I bought close to $ 50 in these for my barn . Glad i bought so many because 75 % of them break while you are opening them . They are so cheaply made the yellow part breaks the tape at different lengths , sometimes it left me with 2 inches of tape , sometimes 1 inch , sometimes 10 inches of tape to catch the flys . Save your money , as I thought this was a good deal but ended up being a POS .
 We had an invasion of gnats from one of our indoor plants - getting them under control was very difficult . I bought these strips to try and cut down on the number flying around the house , but the strips only caught two gnats ! These things are poorly designed - getting them unwound and pinned to the ceiling was a hassle . I certainly would n't buy them again .
 I ordered one of these , package was opened ... it looked like a customer return but I thought no big deal , let me try it anyway . So I did , I followed the simple instructions and placed 2 of them in the best possible locations around the kitchen area ... I have 3 kids who ca n't seem to grasp the concept of closing the door behind them in their constant in and out of the house so there 's no lack of flies in the house , specially this summer they seem to have exceptionally thrived from previous years . Long story short , after watching flies buzz around the traps for 3 days and not a single one of them got trapped I decided to return the clean/like new traps to the seller who issued a refund as soon they received the item ... but now I 'm back to square one looking for a solution to my fly problem !
 not a single fly , I tried everything , I tried in high place , door level , flat surfaces . I want my money back
 I have it hanging in my kitchen for over a month now . Must have at least 30 + flies in the house over that time span and not one even go near it . The flies in my area must be smarter then yours . I do n't know how this item get 3 and 1/2 stars .
 Has n't caught a single fly in over a week . If you listen closely you can hear the flies giggle as they zoom around it . Do n't waste your money .
 I read all of the reviews for this product and decided to buy it and i must say that i was very disappointed . The ribbon attracted the gnats that we had , there were a few dozen on in in the first hour , but they did n't stick and they just flew right off the thing . So needless to say we threw it away and got rid of the gnats another way . This was a total waste of time and money .
 This product did n't work in my situation . I followed instructions , but no results yet . It might work for you though .
 This flag claims to have `` all 16 EU Countries in 1 flag '' , however , the last flag should be represented by the Portuguese flag , which was part of EU 16 -LRB- as a founding party to the EU after the EEC -RRB- , instead we have a Norwegian flag , which is the flag of a country that is not part of the European Union .
 There 's no backet . It 's designed to nail on a wall . Had to red neck rig a bracket for in home window viewing . Not what I was expecting .
 I bought this as an outdoor thermometer which I placed on a post a few yards from my kitchen window . Unfortunately , the red line is so thin and the numbers so small that it is only useful when viewed quite close up . On the plus side , it was very inexpensive and I will find another use for it .
 THIS THERMOMETER DOES NOT OFFER AN ACCURATE READING OF THE ACTUAL AMBIENT TEMPERATURE . AN EXCELLENT EXAMPLE OF GETTING WHAT YOU PAID FOR . I SHOULD OF TAKEN MY OWN ADVISE AND BY PAYING THE PRICE FOR BETTER QUALITY .
 I bought this for a 1st gr . classroom . It is kept outside all the time except for weather time . we bring it in , read the weather , record it in our weather journals and put it back outside the window . Well , after only 3 short months , the red started to seperate . I brought it inside over a weekend thinking it need to warm up -LRB- this was in 30 degree weather -RRB- . But no luck . There it stays with some red at 50 degrees and the rest at whatever temp it is outside . irritating . I ordered another hoping this one was defective . Nope . Same thing . This obviously is n't meant for cold weather although the description says no such thing . the plastic is kind of flimsy and the tube that holds the red liquid is only hot glued on the back so it comes off easy . i would not reccomend for outside use but the size is nice .
 Lots of problems with this product . Frameitall is garbage -- Do n't Buy!Problems
 I like the Frame-it-All raised bed kits , and have had six 4 ' x 8 ' x 18 '' beds in use for a year , without problem . -LRB- See my separate review of kits , stacking joints and anchor joints . -RRB- I considered buying some of these boards to use with left-over stacking joints that I replaced with anchor joints when I set up the first six beds , but it turned out to be more economical to buy kits due to this seller 's shipping charge of $ 11.55 per board . The 4 ' x 8 ' x 12 '' kit comes with twelve boards plus twelve stacking joints for a delivered cost of about $ 50 less than the delivered cost of twelve boards from this vendor . So I 'll just give the excess joints to friends who prefer to build wooden beds .
 This product only had a life span of two years for us . When it worked it kept the bath mostly clear of ice and snow even in our MN winters . Our prior heater , from Allied , at least made it five years . We used both of them in a stand built for a farm supply three gallon feeding tub -LRB- racoons broke all of our regular bird baths -RRB- and both of them worked about equally well , that is when they worked .
 I bought three of these -LRB- similar model -RRB- over the last several years . I paid $ 40 each time . I will not buy another from this company as the blue box lasts for maybe 2 seasons and then comes unglued . The heating element worked fine but as I read the other reviews - there is a stability issue as well . I placed the heater in the dish and then placed a weight over it to keep it down . A small plate that filled with a little water worked nicely . But as I said - this is the 2nd time the blue box has come apart . So I am looking for another model especially since this latest model looks the same and costs more .
 unfortunately i can not review the actual product as it did not work , however the return was no hassle at all . . since i wanted a bird bath heater soon i went to a local store and bought one . . and Murphys Law was engaged ... that one did n't work either ! it was not a Nelson brand -LRB- entirely different style as well -RRB- . . i finally returned that one as well and got one that worked . i would not hesitate to buy from dealer again because there was no hassle in returning the item .
 This product is a disappointment because powerwasher makes really good products . The water outlet is aluminum and not brass . The inlet is plastic and not brass . Because it is plastic , the inlet water pressure can not exceed 80 to 100 psi . I have strong water pressure where I live and it exceeds this requirement . I wish they would have put it on the product description because I had to return it for this reason . I am going to probably get the 1600psi or the 1750psi that can handle a high inlet pressure . Powerwasher does make great products , just not this one .
 Ditto what Mr. Harte said . The first hose leaked like crazy after less that 6 months use . The over-priced replacement is doing the exact same thing . Design flaw . Should be recalled . I will never buy from this company again .
 Opppps . . ! The fault 's all mine !!! I hooked the water inlet up to my garden water pump which puts out over 60 lbs of water pressure and I guess that 's to much for the demand switch . . That 's the reason this little machine failed . With the input water pressure lowered to under 40 lbs , , , He 's been `` resurrected '' and really does work well for light duty work . Would now recommend ... `` Bought this item primarily to Wash down and sanitize the Cat 's litter box . Used it six Saturdays in a row for a total of about 45 minutes ... Found him in the shed today ... DEAD !!!!!! There 's one born every minute -RRB- <
 The product might have been okay if I could have used it . The Lance was missing from the shipment . The included material had their customer service web address . Also a general information site . I tried to contactthe service site about 8-10 times . Each e-mail was returned a day or two later saying delivery time was too old . This means either their mail box was full or more likely turned off . I contacted the general site and received generated e-mail which gave me a job number with a statement I would be contacted with in 1-2 business days . I requested help about 3-4 times , each with the same results and was never contacted . I was eventually forced to return the merchandise because of this . There was no phone number available on either site , which pretty much says leave us alone . I would never buy any product that was manufactured by this company .
 Bought it last year , probably used it all of 5 times at the most . Stored it in basement incase there was any water in it , so it would not freeze . First attempt to use it this year , and the gun is hemorraging water all over the place . Replacement gun is almost half of what I paid for it originally . Save your money , or go for something not quite as cheaply made .
 Its not what I thought it would be . Much smaller than you think . How does it work ? Danged if I know . Mine came WITHOUT a wand . After 9 emails , 8 days , 2 reference numbers , talking to 3 different people , am still waiting for my wand from the company .
 Only used it a few times and now it wo n't turn on . Initial trouble shooting indicates a bad switch . I 'm very disappointed in this product .
 Hello . My husband and I recieved our Powerwasher as a gift on 6/6/2010 . This morning , we hooked up our Powerwasher 1300 PSI to begin using it on our paver patio . We were dissapointed to see when we opened our box that the black hose that connects the powerwasher wand to the machine had torn in 5 different places , exposing white material under the black hose . We registered the product online , and I tried to access the online chat , which was unsuccessful . We waited for 10 minutes and no one responded , which was very frustruating . We are asking for the reciept to take this product back !!! I would not recommend !
 Worked real nice for about 5 hours - stored over the winter - now its dead !!! I am a maintenance tech - and I would bet that when I open the thing up - it will be a fuse or a loose connector !!! MADE IN CHINA !!! BETTER BUY AMERICAN ! But then again - whats made here anymore - SAD !!!
 this stuff is horrible . . i didnt even use it . . its supposed to be a fish emulsion . . they didnt say it had lead , arsenic , mercury , cobalt and all kunds of cancer causing agents . . i threw it away . . why risk killing the mail lady sending it back . . lol
 I ordered two barrels , both came shipped in a truck , as expected , with no wrapping or protection of any kind . Normally one would think this is OK since it is just a barrel . One of them was OK and the other one had fallen apart with three hoops missing . We had to wrap it in plastic wrap to hold the remaining parts together to unload it in one piece ! Very disappointing and very expensive!Also they are not the same size so if you are expecting to use them as a matched pair think again , the intact one is about 6 '' shorter than the pieces of the other one .
 I have been hunting for a whiskey barrel for a friend for a special birthday gift . It just arrived and smells of wine ! Very disappointed !
 I have seen a lot of barrels , both whiskey and wine . The barrel pictured here is a wine barrel .
 I have clay soil . It immediately clogged the tines . You can keep making holes with the tines clogged , but since the soil is not being ejected , all you are doing is further compacting the soil below . You may think you are helping your lawn , but you are actually making it worse . I suspect this is a good tool if you have soil that is dry , or sandy , and therefore likely to eject from the top . With my type of soil , which is fairly common , it was basically useless . Please check your soil before spending your hard-earned money on this .
 Live in a creek bottom in central texas - soil is very silt-y and can get extremely compacted in high traffic areas . Figured this little guy would help uncompact the various dog trails around my yard.Totally useless . The `` tines '' on the end just fill with compacted soil , no cores ever come out the top . After cleaning out the tines , you get one , perhaps two presses into the ground before it just starts to bounce off unless you throw your entire weight on it and jump repeatedly.Of course , if you throw your weight on it repeatedly , like I did , you 'll just bend the handles and the bar between the tines at the bottom.I ended up grabbing my pitchfork to finish the job , and hucked this thing in the garbage where it belongs .
 Sturdily made , but tines get plugged up with dirt within ten plugs . Cleaning out the tines with a screwdriver takes longer than the aerating . Pretty useless .
 Huge disappointment . It sheared in half after only 10 minutes of use . It 's made of steel , but in at least two parts
 Horizontal bar bent first time I used it . Straightened that then the spike bent . Straightened that then the spike cracked . Got 10 good holes out of it , but the materials are just too weak for this kind of tool .
 The item worked fine the first few days and then started clogging up so much that it was useless . I have tried it when the yard is wet , dry and every where in between . Lewis Tools said some were defective but they have offered no resolution .
 I tried using this tool with my lawn wet , dry , and moist . Under each condition the cores became clogged . Unclogging the core is time consuming and a royal pain . I contacted Lewis Tools for advice , but never received a response.I tried to save a few bucks and aerate the lawn by myself , but it is definitely easier to rent a machine or hire someone .
 I used this product for three minutes before one of the tubes bent . I was able to bend it back and use it for another minute before it bent again . The tubes are n't even welded around the entire tube , only on two sides , hence the bending and eventually breaking . i returned it the first day . I found the Fiskers Aerator online , ordered it , and it appears to me that it will last forever -LRB- it is built to last a lifetime -RRB- . I whole-heartedly recommend the Fiskers brand aerator .
 I spent far more time cleaning this with a screwdriver than actually aerating the lawn . It requires rigorous cleaning every 4 pushes .
 There is one word that accurately describes the Yard Butler Coring Aerator
 I dont care what people say . It always gets jammed and it takes a long time if you want to do it right . Unless your yard is 10 foot by 10 foot I would look for something else . I feel the concept is right but it gets frustrating when the tool gets jammed and your always trying to get the plug out . I am at this point looking for something different and gave this tool to my neighbor for helping me with some yard work .
 The idea of a manual aerator really appealed to me because i had only a small area of the yard that had been compacted and needed aeration . In some parts of the compacted area it did amazingly well . But in others it didnt work at all . I had the same complaints other people have had . Compacted soil getting stuck in the tubes , having to constantly stop and clean them etc. . Some reviews have said if the unit doesnt work properly , then that area of the yard didnt really need aerated . I dont agree with that assessment , i think the only reason it worked to begin with is that some oil from the factory was lubing the insides of the aeration tubes and once that had been rubbed off , the thing basically stopped working as intended . I think another company should make a similar product with some sort of non stick metal treatment on the insides of the tubes . This is one of the few items i have bought from amazon that has been a big disappointment . I am gon na try this aerator again next spring to see if i can figure it out . Otherwise it is headed for the trash heap .
 I have the Hound Dog HDP3-8 Coring Aerator . I bought this unit to see if it worked better . It does not ; at least not in my clay soil . I found it sometimes working well , other times not working at all . When it was n't ejecting cores , I stopped and switched to the Hound Dog HDP3-8 , and found that while the HDP3-8 was n't perfect either , it ejected cores much more reliably than this product.When you 're done , you have to manually remove the plugs that remain in the coring tubes . I always found it much easier to remove the plugs from the Hound Dog HDP3-8 than from the Yard Butler D-6C . I 'm not sure what the difference is -- perhaps the shape of the tubes?Again , I have clay soil . How these products perform probably depends greatly on the type of soil they 're used in . So , my coring results may differ completely from others.The gripped handles seem nice at first glance , but my hands are n't too happy with them . They gave me blisters , and continued to be uncomfortable even after I put gloves on . They grip so well that when my hands moved during use , they held the gloves in place , and my hand shifted within the gloves . The effect was almost as bad as not having gloves on . The smooth metal handle of the Hound Dog HDP3-8 allows gloves to glide over it easily.I was quixotically hoping this item was powder coated , but it is not . The paint wears off within minutes of the first use.http : / / www.amazon.com/Hound-Dog-Products-HDP3-8-Aerator/dp/B00023S156
 My Yard Butler core aerator broke the first time I used it . The metal is too weak to handle hard compacted soil , even if damp . Considering I bought this exclusively to use on hard compacted soil , I was a little disappointed . The vertical metal bar bent after only a few steps . It was still somewhat usable , but just barely .
 The first day I got this it worked great . The next day , under the same conditions , the cores were not ejected . While it still made holes , without ejecting the core , it compacted the soil even more . I cleaned them out and even used WD40 as someone else suggested but that still did n't help . I tried contacting the manufacturer but they did n't not respond to email or phone call . I am returning this junk and purchasing a Step N'Tilt Aerator .
 I used to have a Husqvarna Rancher but it died after many years of use . I decided I did n't need such a large saw so I bought the Husqvarna 137 . All I can say is this saw is not worth the money . It starts fairly easily but after a few cuts it chokes out and is impossible to start until it 's cold . For the short amount of time it 's running I have no problem downing 12 standing dead trees and cutting them to firewood length but I 'm lucky if I can get 15 minutes of work out of the saw for every hour in the forest.I 'm now looking at Stihl or another brand as this Husqy has given me a really bad experience .
 Hardwood pickaxes are getting harder to find these days , but they feel so much better . Not a single store here sells them , so I went hunting for one online and picked this one to only find that it has fiberglass wrapped around the tip with the steel pick placed over that . This is exactly what I wanted to avoid because every time I use one with this kind of material , the pick comes off . They do n't last six months with me . The ground here is rock , not soil . The image the seller has put here on Amazon is not what I got in the mail . I am still willing to give this thing a try since I need one , but I 'll update if it breaks .
 If you try to put this in a 1 gal plastic jug and add fertilizer , there could be a chemical reaction and the protekt hardens and becomes floating pieces
 I have now ordered these 9x2 edger blades with 2 sharpened edges 3 times . The first time I ordered 10 and then four and four the third time . Each time I received straight blades with no sharpened edges . Note the sharpened edges are SHOWN IN THE PICTURE ! I 've ordered both the AEB-159 and the AEB-411 which look to be identical and both are straight edges , not sharpened ! If there is a way to get the correct blades , please , someone , let me know how . I desperately need new blades !
 Have tried two of these pumps ... they leak after a few drains as the seals at the top and bottom can not handle hot oil . Do n't waste your money.They are useful for pumping water that is it
 I purchased mine in May 2006 and it worked fine on my boxwood hedges , which are about 60 feet long and do n't have any larger branches . I trim them once per year . It worked fine again last year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , but this year it started slowing down to the point where it was useless for cutting the hedges.I called Black & Decker and they confirmed it was just out of warranty and I would have to have it serviced . Of course , for a $ 70 trimmer , they know I 'm not going to bother.Before you buy , consider this
 My hedge trimmer also worked well temporarily . I was amazed how it ate up the branches and brush . The second year I tried it and every time it encountered even a simple twig it would jam . The blades appeared to be OK and the motor would just humm . I 'd always shut it down right away when this happened . It 's so annoying to use it now and it 's out of warranty I 'll buy a better unit that will last with heavier use . I have about 2 acres and this is just not enough hedge trimmer for what i have to deal with.Follow up - purchased a Little Wonder 24 inch electric and this thing makes the Hedge Hog look like a toy . The Little Wonder is a serious piece of equipment with the blades about three times the thickness of the B&D ; unit . I should have purchased this thing years ago . No more B&D ; junk .
 Bought this thing two years ago , I trim all my brushes , shrubs , and hedges once a year -LRB- so this thing has seen little use -RRB- . Yesterday , it stopped working , sounds like a plastic gear inside has stripped out . Hopefully , I can disassemble and find a replacement part . If not , I 'll never purchase another B&D product . It 's time for them to wake up and stop building crap ... especially for the price I paid ! Bottom line
 Used this trimmer twice . nice and lightweight , well balanced ; downfall is the handle is secured by two small phillipshead screws and it doesnt take much for them to shake loose . during my second trimming session the handle came loose ; retightened it ; after a few minutes shook loose again . back it goes to exchange for a better designed product .
 The HH2450 I purchased lasted only 2 seasons . Even with careful use , the cheap plastic gear drive failed and could not be repaired by The Authorized B&D Service Center . Expect poor performance , from B&D 's poor design , cheap materials and Mexican manufacturing standards . B&D is NOT the brand to buy .
 I 've used Black & Decker hedge trimmers for decades and always felt they were well built , economically priced and performed well . However I am fairly disappointed with this HedgeHog model . While it trims thicker branches -LRB- 1/8 '' + -RRB- nicely , the blade does not seem to be designed for the fine feather and needle covering of a typical evergreen hedge . I found that the blade was fairly slow in cutting this material and rather than a nice crisp cut , it tended to ` yank ' the needles off and leave a short length of fine white fiber behind . Almost seems as though the blade is dull , but in this case it 's a new unit.I have discussed this trimmer in more detail with a professional who agreed that it is not really designed for cutting the fine material on yews , etc. . He said the gap between the teeth allows for cutting larger branches more efficiently but reduces the sharpness of cut for finer material . He said that B&D ; makes trimmers with tighter tooth configurations which seem to work much better on the fine stuff . That makes sense to me , although I think B&D ; should be a little more clear in how they describe the Hedge Hog , it 's really more of a small-brush cutter rather than a hedge trimmer . It also works well for cutting back hydrangeas , etc. that have twig-like growth .
 As you can see by the image , this is supposed to be the metal bodied 24 '' trimmer ... what the vendor I got it from sent was a plastic housed unit with some swivel setup . . -LRB- trash -RRB- . . I was given an absolute runaround from them and finally gave up on the return process -LRB- were setting me up to whack me for 20 % return fee -RRB- B&D ; was USELESS and have never responded to calls or emails . B&D ; has always be sufficiently good for home use and some of their stuff even cuts muster for light professional use . . They -LRB- B&D ; and retailer -RRB- have really dropped the ball on this and I am really disappointed in the lack of customer service from the retailer especially -LRB- Remodelr -RRB- This purchase turned out to be a joke and it was on me ...
 The on and off switch is deep in a hole surrounded by hard plastic . Turning it on and off scrapes your thumb . Really ridiculous ! Who are these engineers ???
 Poor packaging from the Amazon supplier resulted in the blade arm being bent in transit ... Lose , lose situation for everyone involved . Me , UPS , Amazon , and their seller . I have returned this one and will try again in a few weeks to see if they improve the packaging requirements or just go buy one from Home Depot .
 The item delivered by ups was damaged . The item was in original box and had been wet and the parts were lying on porch outside box . There were no contact numbers and I did n't know what contents to look for . I called UPS and made them come pick it up . I then called a number and talked to someone who asked me if I wanted a refund or if I wanted another shipped . I requested another one to be shipped . I expressed my dissatisfaction as to the method they used to ship it . There was no wrapping just the box it came in . Very shortly UPS came back with same item and box was taped up but bottom half of box was torn and hanging out . I have not checked the item to see if it works but I will notify you if it is defective . I did not like the way it was shipped or delivered .
 Worked great for literally 15 minutes !! I had high hopes for this product . B&D ; is n't really known for their quality these days but the reviews seemed to be mostly positive . I guess I should n't really knock the product too much since I went the cheap option and got a `` refurbished '' one . Buyer beware . I guess refurbished means buying a formally broken one . If you really want this trimmer forget the $ 20 you will save by buying a refurbished one . I bought a new one from Home Depot for the same price . At least if it breaks I can just take it back to the store same day . With B&D ; that is probably likely .
 I bought the B&D ; GH1000 because it had a 14 '' sweep and because it was remarkably well-balanced and ergonomic.I used it for five minutes and the string spool flew off and the string went everywhere . I tried to rewind it and reinstall the spool . Again after five minutes the spool flew off and the string unwound.I took it back to the Lowes where I purchased it . They gave me another one just like it . I used the 2nd one for about 10 minutes . The spool flew off and the string went everywhere.I took it back to the store and got a Troy-Bilt electric string trimmer for about $ 30 less . It was not so well-balanced or comfortable to use , but the spool did not fly off , so I was actually able to use it for some work.Shame on B&D ; .
 Excellent until it breaks . Same problem as many . Spool stops spinning while engine continues to run . Only 4th time i 've used it , but am past warranty and not worth the money and time to take up with customer service . A real dissapointment . I would have gladly paid 50 more dollars for a well made trimmer .
 I thought I purchased a reliable product from Black and Decker . Worked great for about 1 year . Today , suddenly the motor kept revving but the spool stopped spinning . I opened it up to find that the plastic gear that drives the shaft had melted away . I never cut heavy brush with this , only used it to edge my lawn . Judging from the cheap plastic gearing I will not buy another one of these trimmer as I am sure it will fail again .
 I bought this at Home Depot , thinking I was buying better quality by paying for the midrange model . The damn thing chews through strings due to the `` Automatic '' string release mechanism . This is really just a ploy to sell more string cartridges . I bet that B&D ; is borrowing the strategy from the computer printer industry
 After waiting three weeks to receive the replacement part for the factory safety recall notice , I was finally able to use the trimmer for the first time this past weekend . After about 1/2 hour of moderate use , the trimmer stopped working . The motor and fan still run , but the trimmer head no longer turns . What a disappointment .
 Nice ergonomics but business end - the trimmer head - spent more time rolling round my garden until it finally dissapaered into a drain . This head unit needs a complete redesign before it is going to be any good
 Long story short . . I have a 10 ' x 12 ' piece of lawn , with no obstructions , plain grass , and never overgrown that I used this thing twice to cut . On the second time , with about 3 square feet left , the motor spun up and the head quit turning . I did some searches for the problem , found many with the same complaint . . `` The plastic gear stripped . '' So , I opened it up , and low and behold . . one large pile of melted gear and the belt laying there . The beauty of this -LRB- for Black and Decker -RRB- is that to replace this plastic gear you must buy the whole motor assembly . The cost . . well , might as well buy a new one , the few dollar difference is worth not having to turn a few screws , In other words . . RIP OFF ! Stay away . . I am by all means a light duty user . Do some searching you will find similar stories for THIS problem after just 10 - 15 minutes of first time use . The repair would be easy , if they sold the gear . . but why would they do that . . Profits is Profits . . Never again . I would recommend buying a good old gas weed eater at a garage sale for $ 10 versus buying this `` new technology '' . . you 'll be happier .
 I , too , wish I had read the reviews on this product . I purchased it 6 months ago and from it 's first use , I was having problem with the spool . Not only did the line break easily and often , 90 % of the time I was having to take it off and re-spool the line out of the holes because it would not operate correctly . Matter of fact , I could not even finish edging 30 feet on the front of my yard without going through the same mundane process of taking the cap off and re-running the line through the holes.Don ' t waste your time . It 's way too powerful for a yard tool and is a pain in the butt !!!!!
 Worked okay until the plastic gear inside melted . This is not a quality made product . Want to know why it 's being sold for much less than the MSRP ? It 's because it 's garbage . Amazon should be ashamed for offering it .
 I 'm just adding another poor review of this model . Ours lasted about 2 years . We ca n't find our receipt so we ca n't follow through with the warranty . When we took it apart to investigate why the spool was n't rotating we also found the plastic gear inside melted and ruined . After looking at so many people having problems with this product , we are staying away for our next one !
 I bought this and used it for 30 mins and it failed . The connection between the shaft and the motor somehow malfunction and the spool head no longer spins even though the motor spins freely . I called BD and had it replaced through warranty.I received the second unit through warranty . It only lasted for a few days longer than the first one I received and then the same problem occurred.This product will not stand up to any normal use period . Too much fail here to describe .
 Like everyone else , I bought this junk thinking it would work . It does ; but if the string jams , the belt destroys the plastic gear it winds around.Buy 3 or 4 if you want it to last . Black and Decker is worthless and I advise shunning all their products .
 Just wanted to say that I have one with the new cap and I still ca n't get more than 5 minutes before the nice `` auto-feeder '' either feeds all my line out or just fails to feed at all.It 's especially bad when using the sidewalk trimmer mode -LRB- rotated 90 degress -RRB- . In that mode the auto-feeder helps make it impossible to do the job.I 've owned a few products from B&D ; and for the most part they work fine . But this one is the most infuriating device I 've ever used .
 I used this B&D piece of crap for all of ten minutes before I decided it had to go . I was looking for a solid , old fashioned plug in trimmer as I 'd had bad experiences using gas and rechargeable units . My gas unit lasted 3 years and was hard to start , my rechargeable unit lasted 6 very underpowered years , but I was astounded at the poor performance I received from this B&D trimmer right out of the box . The AFS system they tout shot through a whole spool of line in around 5 minutes , and even though the power and ergonomics seem good my first use found me spending 20 minutes on maintenance for every 5 minutes of use . DO NOT BUY this unit unless you can afford to spend $ 7 to $ 10 for a replacement reel for every 5 to 10 minutes of trimming you need to do .
 Trim line can be used up quite quickly . Make sure to wear long pants when using the trimmer . The protective cap and the spool sometimes will disengage from the unit and fly all over the place .
 If I would have read these reviews I would not have wasted my time . I bought this and the cord got trapped inside it 's own housing in the first five minutes . I had to return it-bad design .
 Breakage : I 'm on my 4th unit , thanks to an extended warranty at Home Depot . The very first one had the black spool - so that was the likely culprit with the first one ... but the subsequent ones have all had the orange spool cover . After less than a full summer of trimming , something is breaking inside the unit - it sounds like the gears are either stripping or coming loose entirely . You can hear the motor whirring but the spool/line doesnt turn at all . Leading up to the failure , I started to hear this squeaking sound from the motor . Now unit # 4 has started squeaking at me so I 'm sure that it 's days are definitely numbered.Replacing the Line/Autofeed Line : One of the middle units did last long enough to need a new spool , but what a pain to replace it . I 'd much rather have the old style tap for more line system . This autofeed is terrible . I spend many minutes trimming with not but an inch or two of line because the autofeeder has n't decided to grace me with more line.Not Recommended : This B&D ; item is a cheaply constructed piece of garbage . I ca n't say that I 've ever looked forward to the day when a purchased extended warranty would run out , but with this junk I most certainly am . Will buy something else for sure .
 I just had the same problem on my second purchase of this model this year . Motor turns but spool does n't . This is the worst string trimmer I have ever owned.My last trimmer lasted 15 years , guess they just dont make them like they used to !
 I bought this trimmer from a big box home improvement store a little over a year ago . it replaced a great Ryobi electric trimmer that lasted several years . at first , it was great . it was strong enough to knock down anything in our yard.this spring , i noticed a strange sound coming from the inside of the housing . looking at a diagram , i decided it was likely the drive belt . when it broke a few days later , i found a site online that sold the part . only about $ 3.50 . great . i ordered two , just in case . after spending an hour replacing the belt -LRB- no instructions are available from B&D ; -RRB- which included finding the hidden screw beneath one of the decals , i was eager to catch up on the chores . the belt lasted less than one hour . the pulley that connects the motor to the shaft via the belt is plastic . the belt had fused itself to the pulley . what a stupid design . i will never buy anything from B&D ; again .
 I bought this product at Home Depot two years ago . I 've replaced the strings only once , so it 's received pretty light use ... and today the drive belt failed ... shredded . Black & Decker does good marketing , but I 've been disappointed with both this product and the hedgehog hedge trimmer . Strong sounding names , weak performance.Black & Decker GH1000 Grass Hog XP 14-Inch 7.2 Amp Electric String Trimmer/Edger
 Have used my Black and Decker GH1000 for a year or so and it worked fine . I started to use it yesterday but the trimmer shaft did not turn ! Took unit apart and found that the plastic gear and belt that allows the trimmer shaft to rotate were bad.I went to the internet and found the belt but the plastic gear comes with the motor -LRB- About $ 48.00 -RRB- . Barf !!!! Plan to send B+D a note but expect this is the end of the line .
 This trimmer is the last B&D product I ever buy . It goes through line like mad . It chops off the line in about 2 inch chunks and leaves them all over your yard . One of the replacement spools lasted about 2 trimmings for me and I have a small yard . The replacement spools are about $ 15 at Home Depot . I think B&D makes most of their money off the replacement spools . As mentioned by other reviewers , you better wear long pants when using this trimmer or you 'll end up with welts and cuts on your shins . I got so frustrated with this trimmer I threw it in the trash . On second thought , I should of shipped the thing back to B&D .
 I ordered this item from Amazon.com and the green plastic ran out within minutes before getting all tangled up around the tip . I liked the powerful motor , but the spool replacement is horrible and I do n't have time to roll up some better spool on the tip . In addition , the motor heats up really fast once the spool gets tangled up , that 's a fire hazard .
 Nothing but problems from the start . Spool kept falling off and traveling various distances into neighbors yard . Curved shaft became so hot it burned rubber coating on gloves . Attempted to address problems with Black & Decker but they would only say the problems were being `` corrected '' . Bought unit in June and was told to expect a part correction in October . Two new designed spools were received , but by then I 'd returned the unit and got a Ryobi electric trimmer which is Outstanding . Will never purchase a Black & Decker product again .
 I purchased a gh1000 today . What a mistake ! I pulled out the cord , got super excited to tackle some of these raging neighboring properties around my home . Plugged it all in . Ready , ... SET , ... NO ! This thing spun 10 times out of the box then died . Attempted to contact Black and Decker directly ... . Result
 This is junk . Used lightly maybe ten times . Had to buy a new head cover plate , then power to head abruptly stopped . With 13 months left on the warranty , it was sent to the nearby B&H repair center for repair or replacement . A month later and one tel. call , I still do n't have it . No more B&D products for me .
 I agree with this review I copied and pasted - mine did the same thing.This review is from
 String does not advance . Head stopped turning all together after light use . I will never buy a Black and Decker product again . What a horrible company . The manual is 2 pages and says nothing about what to do if the center shaft breaks , which is apparently what happened .
 I bought this B&D this spring to replace an old gas Stihl model . What a mistake . You need either pants and hard shoes , or a pair of boots up to the knees . I experienced quick feed through the line with bits flying off and lacerating my knee . I have worked with much better trimmers than this and would strongly recommend you find a better piece of equipment . I have the orange cap model which replaced the recalled model , I really like the power , but think this one is simply not built well and is potentially dangerous to users . Buy with ample warning , you need more than your average safety equipment and considerations for not getting hurt !
 I bought this two summers ago to replace my gas powered Ryobi trimmer that works but is a pain to change the spool . Just like others have written , `` the shaft that links the motor to the head has become detached , broken or otherwise malfunctioned . The motor spins freely while the string does n't move at all . '' And , just like other reviewers , I really have used it very little , maybe less than six times . I have never had to replace the line , so I could not have used it that much.Maybe I will luck out and I am still under warranty , but it does not appear the hassle is worth it if I end with the same product .
 I bought the newer model -LRB- orange cap on head assembly -RRB- GH1000 B&D Grasshog trimmer and had the same experience as those with the old black cap head assembly . The cap keeps coming off with huricane force and yesterday after finding the cap , I quickly saw one of the prongs was broken and thus can not be installed . Went to Lowe 's to purchase a new replacement cap and the store does not carry the replacement cap . I also noticed tha B&D Customer Service does not have an email address to communicate your problems about their products . I will be purchasing another string trimmer but I will never buy another Black and Decker .
 The double line spool holds very little line , and it runs out well before I 'm done with the yard . My previous single-line lasted for the entire yard . This one lasts for a third of my yard . Trying to load the double-line spool was frustrating and time-consuming . I finally gave up . I returned this to Home Depot and happily got a refund.The engine is powerful , and the balance is very nice . It was great for weed-eating . However , I was unable to get a nice line between the sidewalk and the grass with this double-line design .
 I got this to replace a BD 18-volt cordless that I returned today because it 's battery life was terrible , hoping that the recall had fixed the issues I 've read about here and other sites . The line feed on this malfunctioned and let out a 6in piece of string while at full throttle , which got cut and thrown into my leg . Then it stopped working altogether . This was all in the first 30 minutes of use . I was going to spring for a nice Craftsman 4-cycle trimmer -LRB- I hate mixing gas/oil -RRB- but I 'm really trying to NOT spend $ 180 + on a trimmer . Apparently you get what you pay for , but you 'd think a $ 70 and $ 100 -LRB- the cordless -RRB- product would be good . I wo n't ever buy a BD trimmer again .
 I , too , encountered the non-rotating head failure midway through its second use . I took it back to the local store to exchange for a new one of the same model . In case the first one broke because of rough handling , I treated the new one like a glass ornament . That one broke during its first use . Both times the thing broke I was running it almost continuously for about a half hour , so I suspect a meltdown of the drive mechanism as observed by others here , though I never took it apart to confirm . B&D needs to redesign this model !
 I 've had several Grasshog string trimmers over the last 5 years . I 'm currently on my 4th one , the first time with this new model . I ca n't use gas models as the fumes make me ill , so I am stuck with the Black and Decker Grasshog series as it seems to be the only electric model sold in my area . I was impressed with the strong motor on the GH1000 series . I also like the motor being near the handle rather than at the bottom as I am able to maneuver the trimmer better . However , I am giving this model one star for the simple reason that it is a horrible hog when it comes to the trimmer line . My yard has 3/4 '' pieces of trimmer line all over it . I have never had a trimmer use so much line . I had to rewind the spool 3 times while using it about 2 hours yesterday and 1 hour today . I used to get a whole weekend of trimming one a single spool , but not with this one . I 'm hoping the local stores start carrying another brand so I do n't have to get another Black and Decker when this trimmer dies .
 I have the post-recall model , and yet this remains a front runner as the most poorly designed line trimmer being sold . The power of the motor is great , but that power is too much for the rest of the components.To wit
 This is my third Grasshog and my third try has not been a charm . The string on the spool constantly breaks and is very difficult to fix making my lawn care three-to-four times longer than it should be . I will never buy another one again .
 It likes to eat line more than grass and is dangerous . The AFS simply does not work properly . All the chunks of line become projectiles that can cut your leg and injure others . I am waiting for the class-action lawsuit on this one . I called the customer service center and they sent me a replacement lever for the auto spool . The original one was fine and it still does not work with the new part .
 This tool worked well until the second time I used it . The internal shaft separated ; making it useless . Because it has been used Amazon refused a return or refund .
 Worthless . Worked for about an hour . Initially it fed too much and I wasted an entire spool as the line repeatedly snapped off and the bits of plastic were flung around my yard . Then it stopped feeding altogether . And then when I tried to replace the spool with fresh line it flung the spool off through the air and it landed in the road . A truck then ran over and broke its end piece ; I ended up throwing it in the trash after about a week . Really bummed on this product , it deserves no stars .
 The biggest problem I 've had it with the automatic line feed.It 's not automatic any more . I have to stop every three minutes or less and take the end cap off and pull out some string myself ! Very irritating . I ca n't really afford another unit right at the moment so this is what I go through every time I need to edge the yard.I 'm not real sure if this is caused by a bad batch of sticky line , or the machine ? The line `` looks '' okay coming out of the wrapper but it could be wound wrong from the factory ??? Either case , it 's bad . I 've been through quite a few packs of line with the same results . I think it 's the machine .
 i can not tell you what a hunk o ' junk this thing is . i paid a lot of $ for it at a big box store thinking it was time to `` upgrade '' since the motor burned out on my $ 30 weed wacker.first off , the `` automatic feed '' does not work . i would stop every 10 ' , flip it over , pull the cap off & feed a few more inches of string out.then the motor burned out . honestly , i 'm really happy b/c now i can throw this thing away & get something that might last.which brings me to the final point . i only used this thing for a year , avg 2 times/month at most . so lets be generous & say i used it 24 times . sounds like the gears inside are stripped . probably plastic & just wore down . the motor runs but the strings do n't spin.DO NOT BUY THIS!i will never buy anything black & decker again .
 This is simply a dangerous product . I have the supposedly `` fixed '' version with the orange spool head and tried to use it for the last two summers . The automatic string feed system constantly feeds excessive amounts of string , throwing up to 4-inch shards of string hitting me in the face , legs and body . As you can imagine , this is also a HUGE waste of time and string to frequently have to rethread the spool . I usually can not complete one edging around my yard without having to rethread . To me this is a tremendous inconvenience and waste of money.I have tried the original B&D ; trimmer string and a different brand of string to see if that fixed the problem . I have also tried winding the spool in different ways and nothing has worked.This is by the far the worst string trimmer I have ever used .
 This thing worked fine the first time I used it . I pulled it out today and it started feeding line a foot at a time . It got so out of hand that I now have multiple whelps on my legs and a few of them are bleeding . I was gon na try to respool the line but decided to check online for some tips on making it work better . It seems about the best advice anyone can give on this unit is to throw it in the trash before you start walking with a limp .
 I bought mine in Nov 2009 . It broke after 2 uses and this is my second grass hog , same problem everyone else is having the motor spins but the drive shaft does n't . Do n't waste your time and money get a better brand .
 Trimmer broke during 2nd season of weekly use for medium sized yard . I just trim grass with it . The plastic drive pulley melted . 5 cents worth of better materials would 've eliminated this problem . Typical cheap Chinese junk with no thought for durability or repairability.Black & Decker will not sell you the pulley or belt , just the whole motor assembly -LRB- with cheap plastic pulley -RRB- . This is not a green product if I ca n't repair it . I would happily pay a dollar or two more for better quality internals .
 Super low quality . My yard is small , and I used this tool only lightly . Still , the spool melted as stated on many other reviews . Too bad I did not look at reviews before buying .
 Avoid this product . After just a few uses the main drive gear , which is plastic , melted , rendering the trimmer unusable .
 My problem has nothing to do with the recall issue of the string cap flying off.My unit is infrequently used -- I 'm just about halfway through the first spool . The motor runs , but the spool does n't spin.It 's a bear to get the case apart -- they hid screws under the label . It 's just as hard to get it back together . That is , it 's NOT DESIGNED TO BE REPAIRED.The electric motor drives a belt to reduce the shaft speed . My belt slipped off . After re-assembly , it slipped off again in about two seconds.There is FAR TOO MUCH PLASTIC inside -- and significant wear on the inside of the case . I expect low quality on a cheap item , but this was marketed as a deluxe quality item .
 Ca n't use without their very expensive replacement spool . Torque converter does not work . If I had not spent so much , it would be in the trash .
 After about 6 uses , the spinner stopped spinning , even though the motor was turning . I took it apart , and the plastic pulley that turned drive belt had * melted * . Unfortunately , the pulley itself ca n't be replaced unless you buy a new motor assembly for at least -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks -LRB- just short of the cost of the trimmer itself -RRB- . DO NOT BUY THIS TRIMMER unless you only plan on using it a few times during the life of the trimmer .
 There is a drive belt inside that attaches to plastic gears . My trimmer made it three months before breaking . The plastic gear melts . Looks like it 's made out of the same plastic you would find in toys . Definitely not durable enough for the job . What were they thinking ? Oh yeah , profits . But , that 's the last dime Black and Decker is getting from me !
 First one taken back after 10 minutes of use . The cutting line somehow snagged the shield and ripped it off.The second one has a problem with the cap and spool flying off ; Even during very light use . The motor seems good and the swivel design is nice but the spool mechanism is bad . When the spool cap flys off its like a spinner you had when you were a kid , better watch where it goes .
 I used this machine 3 times , and the gear melted . How can B & D ; be selling something so defective?No one should ever buy a Black & Decker product.I bought mine at Lowes -- they should be shot .
 Trimmer has been used maybe 25 times . There is a geared spool that is attached to the drive shaft . It is set up for a toothed rubber belt that runs from the spool to another toothed gear on the end of the electric motor . The spool is part of the electric motor assembly . On mine the rubber belt evidently started slipping and melted all of the plastic teeth off of the spool . Since the drive spool is part of the motor assembly , it can not be replaced without replacing the entire motor assembly . Cost for the motor assembly , $ 60.00 before shipping , on line . If you have it professionally repaired , add in repair persons time about an hour , since most charge about $ 60.00 an hour you 're looking at $ 120 just to repair this problem . Add to that the constant difficulties in getting the auto feeder to correctly feed string -LRB- it either gets stuck and does n't feed at all , or it feeds too much and you keep getting hit with pieces cut off by the automatic string cutter -RRB- . All in all , a poorly designed , cheaply made throw away trimmer , which is exactly what I did with it . Having had problems with previous Black and Decker products -LRB- drill , circular saw , pad sander -RRB- this was my last Black and Decker product . All I have left is a Black and Decker electric mower , the prior items were all replaced with other products , Skill , Bosch & Rigid . This string trimmer will also be replaced with a non Black and Decker product . I do n't believe I 'll ever buy another product with that name on it again .
 I owned a Ryobi string trimmer that you bumped to feed line , and it worked perfectly for about 20 years , until the motor started to go . When I went to buy a replacement , the only non-gas non-battery string trimmer I could find at the store was this Black and Decker . I 've had bad B&D ; tools in the past , and it would normally be my last choice , but I was in a hurry and needed something.I bought it , took it home , and tried it out . Worked great for a few minutes . Then it was out of string after I cut about 15 feet of grass along a stone wall . I thought , well , maybe they only put a foot of string on it at the factory , so I wound up the spools and tried again . Cut another 15 feet and it was out of string again . Looking on the ground there were dozens of little 2 inch chunks of string all over the place . Was I using the wrong string ? No . Tried again , same thing happened again.I have had battery string trimmers and gas string trimmers , but I prefer to use the corded ones , because they are less irritating and noisy in general . But whatever time you save by not refilling a gas tank you lose in filling the string spool every 2 minutes.This is the worst string trimmer I 've ever seen , and is right up there in the top 5 worst tools I 've ever seen . Absolute trash . I 've started looking for a replacement , but I pulled it out again last week to tidy up before we had some visitors and this time the spool mechanism sort of exploded , shooting the whole spool of string out , slapping my leg badly before tangling up into a twisted mess . Easily could have taken out an eyeball or slit my throat if it had whipped out in a different direction . This thing is too potentially lethal to use again.Time to look for an new Ryobi or some other brand with a bump string advancer . The engineers of this thing should be put in prison for making a potentially lethal product .
 The plastic sprocket for the drive belt will melt if you use the trimmer for more than 30 minutes in one day . They tried to save a nickel by using a cheap resin sprocket and in doing so , they turned what would have been a pretty good trimmer into a pile of molten plastic garbage . I got my first one replaced under warranty . I should have known better and been more careful with the replacement , but I eventually used it too long and it failed in the same fashion . I think I 'm done with Black & Decker . It 's a shame , too ... they used to make decent products .
 This trimmer works fine if you just use it for very light trimming . where I run into problems is if I try to use it in edger mode . I can not even get to the end of my driveway , when it stops working . Seems the gear inside strips out . The motor runs but the trimmer quits . Like I said I 'm on my fourth one , -LRB- keep taking it back to the store -RRB- and it just quit again .
 I had all of the problems written about here and more . The unit blew me away at first , so powerful I could dig holes with it . Silenced my landscaper brother-in-law who did n't think anything electric could deliver power . LOVED the built-in edger , worked like a dream.But the thing ate line like crazy , and left little bits all over the yard as I went . And it often sent those bits whipping at my legs -- I would always come in the house with minor lacerations around my ankles if I did n't wear full jeans and crew socks.The two screws that hold the guard kept unscrewing themselves with the vibration and eventually popped out , so to my shock while trimming one day , the guard just flew off leaving me exposed to spinning line ! The cap came off regularly , although apparently that -LRB- but nothing else ?! -RRB- has been addressed by the recall.Finally , after about 2 years of use , I ran into the dreaded `` motor runs but nothing spins '' issue that it seems 90 % of the reviews here have had.Black & Decker , if you are listening
 I used this trimmer for 1 year of light duty . At first it seemed great , but the head stopped turning . There is a plastic drive gear inside that melts in many , if not most of these trimmers after relatively short use - check the internet for this common problem . You must replace the entire motor assembly to fix it because the plastic race that holds the gear also melts so it no longer aligned with the metal motor drive gear forcing the belt off the pulley . The assembly costs almost as much as the trimmer did and wo n't likely last any longer . I will never buy another Black and Decker product . In fact , I wo n't even take one for free .
 I have a newer model string trimmer - one without the recall . Today was the 3rd time I used it . It broke . The motor runs , but the spool & line does not . I , like others , bought B&D because it WAS a name I respected . After finding the closest repair center is a 100 miles away , I am going to spend half the cost of the trimmer to send it for repairs . -LRB- Warranty does n't cover shipping . -RRB- If you go to the B&D website you can see that B&D makes DeWalt and Stanley . If they have gone to making disposable equipment , you may want to avoid their other products .
 Picked up one of thse GH1000 trimmers when our local Home Depot was going out of business 2 year ago for $ 80 . It was -LRB- and still is for some reason -RRB- a best buy on Consumer Reports , so I figured it would be great for what i 'm needing . I 've gotten tired of using gas on everything lately and never really minded the cords , so a powerful electric motor seemed great . Even came with a `` no nonsense 2 year warranty '' . Read on ... 2 years and 15 days later , I was using it for MAYBE the 6th or 7th time since I bought it , and all of the sudden the head stops spinning and the motor revs way up . So I stop , check my receipt and the warranty only to find that i 'm 2 weeks out of warranty . So after finding out that it 's no longer covered , I unscrew everything and take it apart . As everyone else has found , the belt and the pulley is where the problem lies . On mine , the casing started to literally melt and contort and since both the pulley AND the frame holding it in place is made of plastic -LRB- see the added image to the `` customer images '' -RRB- , the support frame bends which has the belt flying off since there is an inward bend between the 2 pulleys . My model has n't even been used enough to melt the pulley yet!All said and done , this is a less-than 1 year throw-away weed whacker . I honestly have n't even used it more then a 1/2 dozen times or so , and each time I stayed within the manual 's listed limits for constant power . Replacement parts for the casing and motor will be more then a brand new model itself , and they STILL -LRB- 4 years later -RRB- have n't replaced the cheap parts with metal or at least alloy parts.This is a blatant act of ignorance on Black & Decker 's part , and just completely unbeliveable that they would STILL offer something for sale that 's been proven to have at least 3 BIG shortcomings.In the end , others have summed it up ... it 's a great , powerful motor with unbelievably cheap plastic internals . I 'm thinking of making a grinder out of the motor now .
 I 've used this product for little more than an hour total since I bought it last fall . After making a strained sound for about 10 seconds the motor runs , but the head does n't spin . In hindsight , this was most certainly the gears disintegrating inside the engine . As other review elude , the motor is too strong for the shoddy plastic parts used to construct it . A very dissapointing product . The machine worked great when it did work , but that does me little good now , $ 100 lighter in the wallet with a have weed-wacked lawn . Very , VERY disappointed .
 bought at home depot in may 09 and it lasted for about 12 trims of my small yard then would only rotate at slow speed after that . returning it to some distant center is not economically reasonable so I guess a learned a lesson . . no more b & d products .
 It 's a great trimmer , lots of power , with no problems for me except the same as all other auto feeding trimmer heads ... they do n't work . The first few times of moderate use was OK , but the first 2-3 hour extended use showed it 's true colors , or I should say did not , and that color is green ... the green of the trimmer line . It stopped feeding the green plastic line . I worked on it for hours with limited success , -LRB- 5 to 10 minute use before another problem -RRB- . One time it spun off three or four feet of line in seconds , cutting it into it 's 6 '' or so lengths and slinging it at high speeds in all directions . I said I 'd never buy another auto feed trimmer , and I 'm now looking for an aftermarket trimmer head with manual load . I do NOT recommend this trimmer , though I am normally a fan of Black & Decker products .
 This is the 2nd GH1000 I 've owned . The first one bit the dust like previous complaints , it stopped spinning . I bought a new one and turned in the old one . 2nd one is better , but I 'm constantly changing spools . I go through about 4-5 when I 'm edging the lawn , and that 's only in the front ! It 's not much fun troubleshooting or changing spools . I 'm pretty sure my neighbors see my frustration and wo n't be buying any B&D products . Also , the cutter/plastic protector is broken , I 'll be checking for reviews on another product shortly . The only pro about this is the amount of torque these deliver .
 My trimmer is not from before the recall . The reviewers saying that the bad reviews are from before the recall are wrong . The problem is the belt and plastic pulley that drives the cable that turns the spool.After using it a few times a month -LRB- about 10 min each time -RRB- for a few months -LRB- for a total of a few hours of use -RRB- , the spool stopped spinning , though the motor would spin inside . This is the sign that your belt-and-pulley has melted and broken , and it 's not worth repairing . But if you keep buying new ones you will go through them frequently . After seeing that everyone 's breaks this way -LRB- sometimes after 20 minutes of use -RRB- , I will not buy a new one.Consumer reports has 70 user reviews for this model with an average of the lowest possible rating . I 'm guessing that the few high reviews here are from people who have not used their trimmer for very long .
 This product still has feed problems . In an hour and a half i spent at least half of the time taking the trimmer head apart . Stuck cord , cord broken off inside , etc. . AND it feeds new cord every time to hit the on switch - so it used up a whole spool in one outing . So figure on buying $ 10 worth of cord for every use . This thing is crap . My old Weedeater -LRB- tap and go cord feed -RRB- worked for 7 years flawlessly - i finally broke the plastic handle . I 'm now going to glue it back together and see if i can get home depot to take the black and decker back : -RRB-
 I have a newer model . Has an orange cap , manufacturing date `` 2007 16-58 . '' I also have the problem of the cap coming off all the time . The string -LRB- heavy-duty -RRB- breaks all the time . I am constantly resetting the string and it does waste lots of string . Also , the string mutilated the cap by breaking all the plastic molding inside and around the edges of the cap . I did complain to B&D about the cost of a replacement cap and eventually got an agent that was willing to send me a free replacement cap and a spool of string -- and that is reasonable and good customer service . I used it for about one year , so with the free replacement part , if it lasts one more year , then that 's not too bad .
 After reading the reviews on Amazon reporting numerous problems with this trimmer , I nevertheless bought it in the hope that the three most frequently reported faults had been corrected after the recall was made by Black and Decker . And indded , the problems with the plastic retainer cap flying off and the excessive string feed did not occur during the time I operated the trimmer . Alas , I also experienced the plastic gear stripping that was reported by several users , which occurred after less than an hour of operation . I took it apart to confirm the problem . This plastic four-tooth gear is integral with the plastic string holder , and meshes with a four-tooth metal gear at the end of the power shaft . The impact and heat had softened and deformed the plastic teeth . I had prudently purchased the trimmer locally instead of through the Web , and took it back the same day of purchased and got a refund . I returned it with regret , for this trimmer was by far the best one I 've tried in terms of power , balance and performance . Too bad it has this one serious weak link in its design .
 This has a difficult to replace string spool that can still come apart even using the post recall parts . It also does not hold up well . I had the familiar problem of having the drive mechanism burn out after about 6 uses . Motor spins but the cutter head does not . I wo n't buy another B&D yard tool .
 I would be VERY weary of buying this trimmer - after using a recommendation from a `` reputable '' consumer magazine , I bought this trimmer . I used it to edge grass near the house and to cut down some tall weeds . I used it less than five times when I smelled melting plastic -LRB- while trimming grass -RRB- and while the motor whirred , the string no longer turned . After taking it apart , it was very clear that the belt and drive had melted completely beyond repair . In doing research on this product -LRB- just reading through all the reviews -RRB- I realized that many other people had this same failure with the product . It 's important to note that this problem appears just as pervasive as the one described with the line spooling issue .
 I 've had mine a smidge beyond the 2-year warranty expiration . I 've used it maybe 8 or 10 times in that span . It cut like anything - a real monster , which is an awesome feature in an electric string trimmer.It has a lot of power . When you hit the switch -LRB- on/off only , no variable switch -RRB- , the torque really grabs it.I bought one and had to return it the day I got it , because it had a flaw in the housing that kept the string cap from coming off . It just came off immediately upon starting the thing , sending string everywhere.The replacement worked great . However , still there was a problem with the cap occasionally flying off for no reason . Wind it up , stick it back together , cut like heck.I got it out for the first use this spring and I got about 3/4 of the way around my small front yard before the motor disengaged itself from the cutting head . Somewhere the rotating shaft or its coupling has broken . The motor is still there , running like mad , but nothing is happening.Black and Decker are really cost-cutting in the manufacturing of this thing -LRB- and possibly the design -RRB- . I 'd have paid $ 50 more for a unit that really held together well . I have a B&D ; electric mower that has run great for 12 years and shows no sign of stopping . But this thing is crap.I 'm going to buy the Stihl FSE 60 . It has a 3-year warranty . Let 's see how it goes .
 My husband bought me this tool in 2008 and it has the same fly-apart head construction that other reviewers describe . Mine even broke a window . The tool is so non-functional that I do n't see how B&D could have put it on the market . They clearly did n't test it themselves . When it is n't flying apart , it consumes cutting line as if it were spaghetti . I would NOT buy another string trimmer from Black and Decker .
 I bought this product and used it twice then returned it . I was so excited about it because it swivels , its light , and it has great power for an electric trimmer . I got it home tore into my lawn and the spool jammed . I had to take it apart and refeed it . Then it jammed again . I took it apart again . Then is just kept feeding and I ran out of line ... one use . I gave it a second chance because I really like the other positives . I installed a new line and went to work ... this time string just kept coming ... and coming ... and coming . I had 12inch pieces of neon green string all over my yard . Surprise ... I ran out before I was finished . The next day I returned it . Oh yeah , I got wacked about 10 times when the string was flying everywhere .
 Who makes a trimmer with a plastic gear placed less than an inch from a motor that gets as hot as an oven when in use ? If they ran this thing in testing for more than 30 minutes , they would have seen that it melts right through the gear and belt . What a joke . If only you could give something a zero . I 'll never buy something from Black and Decker again .
 used about 3 times and it stopped working , some belt inside broken apart . Do not waste your money on this piece of junk . I am trying to return it to the store '
 This is exactly for I was looking for . All I had to do was buy an extension cord for it .
 The first time I used it one of the screws holding the plastic guard backed out and ruined the guard . Been waiting for replacement part 2 months now and no end in sight . Have written Black & Decker and no response at all.I also have had the bottom spin off multiple times . Also , if the line gets in between the plastic hub and the spool , it ruins the hub and the line gets jammed continously . Absolutely frustrating all on counts . This is the worse product and service I have ever encountered . You live and you learn .
 This is by far the worst power tool I have ever owned . It 's also quite dangerous . My wife and I live on a pretty small lot -LRB- 0.15 acres -RRB- and liked the XP grasshog as a replacement for a cheap weedeater that gave out after a good amount of use . Our first XP broke down within our first two uses -- the spindle flew off twice , the guard literally melted off when the electric motor overheated the casing and screws , and the motor began to blow smoke . I have never been a big fan of black & decker , but have an electric hedger from them that I 've been impressed with and thought that perhaps our experience with the grasshog XP was a fluke . Accordingly , we returned our melted piece of junk and after buying another XP , the motor blew smoke within 15 minutes of our first use . I 'll be taking this one back and will not be dumb enough to buy a third . I also want to note that the product is actually quite dangerous ; when my wife was using our first unit , which broke after its second use , the spindle flew off and sliced her leg . This product is well overdue for a recall .
 I purchased this trimmer last month and it worked great the first time , but I used it again and the cap just flew off , and it continued , so I took it back and got another one and the new one did n't last 1 turn and the same thing happened . Plus the cord lock is to small and like everyone else I keep getting unplugged . I called black and decker to log a complaint and highly suggested they take it off the market before someone gets hurt .
 Uses up a complete roll of string in 30 mins of use . Checked to make sure I have a post recall model , I do . New model is still worthless .
 Used this for a very small patch of grass in the backyard for a few years . Like many other reviewers , the plastic gear that drives the trimmer shaft eventually melted . It can not be replaced without replacing the entire motor , which costs as much as the unit does new . I appreciated the power of this electric trimmer but ultimately this cheap plastic component rendered it completely useless !
 I 'm not sure what is worse , the Grasshog , or the string they supply for it . I carefully follow the instructions and successfully load a new string cartridge , string out the holes properly with good tension , then back to work , 5 minutes later a broken string and another birds nest in the string reel , I spend the next 20 minutes carefully rewinding the reel and putting the string back through the holes with proper tension , 5 minutes later , ANOTHER BROKEN STRING !!!! ANOTHER BIRDS NEST !!! on and on , soooo frustrating , such a waste of my time and money , TOTALLY WORTHLESS JUNK ! DO NOT BUY !!!!!
 It must be designed by a Genius to make such a bad design , when the internal belt gets damage it also damage the plastic gear , the other gear is metal as it should be the other one.Don ' t buy this , buy a direct drive design .
 This edger has several problems . B&D ; has egg on it 's face for this one.I am comparing it to using a Sears 12 '' bump-electric trimmer.The B&D ; edger is much more powerful but the automatic feed system means I was using 1.5 spools every time I did our relatively small yard . I just spent $ 25 on the sears 12 '' ... compared to the B&D ; it sounds like a toy , but the smaller sears one does a great job for the minor-weeds and house-line that I need to maintain , and the bump-feed means I am not constantly rewinding spools.The 90 '' angle-lock feature piece ended up failing after 1-2 years of moderate use ... it meant that the gyroscoping of the trimmer-head caused the shaft to sway / rotate because the locking button has somehow ~ failed ~ ... I had to hold the whole shaft with a tight grip to keep everything level.If they simply improved the build quality -LRB- of their plastics ? -RRB- and made it a standard bump-style , this would be a great trimmer.It does not work very well for edging . I know it ~ feels ~ expensive , but get the B&D ; electric edger and you will be much more satisfied -LRB- in brief usage , that one is a great product , and means I do n't have to get frustrated by the string trimmer as often -RRB- . Summary :1 - angle lock failed after less than 2 years of use2 - automatic spool feed means you are re-spooling VERY often3 - very powerful machine
 Avoid this one , it 's a piece of junk . I got this for light-duty yard work like edging and weeds . I did n't even get one full season out of it before it died while edging my tiny lawn . The motor spins , but the head does n't turn . In reading reviews it seems like a common problem.However , even before it died it was far from perfect . When it gets hold of even a small amount of material -LRB- like when doing routine edging of a lawn -RRB- it bites in and drags way too much string out of the automatic feeder . It wastes A LOT of string that way.I 'm in the market for a new string-trimmer . I wo n't be looking at Black & Decker models .
 The specifications make this a desirable product . My experience in owning two leads me to advise you to avoid it . I have been through two belts on my GH1000 Type 2 in less than two years of use in my small urban yard . While the belt is only $ 4 from B&D , they charge $ 10 shipping and handling . The GH1000 Type 1 I owned failed when the motor assembly melted . You know the saying , fool my once ... I will not purchase another B&D product .
 Do n't buy the GH 1000 , or any other trimmer that feeds the line automatically . The line either feeds too much or too little . This happens when using factory wound spools . The first GH 1000 I bought was replaced by B & D when the unit quit working . The replacement runs OK , but the line feed is a joke . I am trying to find a universal head for this trimmer but all that I find in stores specifically state on the package that it will not fit a GH 1000 . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON A GH 1000 !!!
 Like many here , the teeth of the plastic gear that couples the motor to the line shaft melted down after about 15 or so uses . I guess I 'm thankful I got that much out of it although I was replacing and respooling line like a mother . It seemed especially eager to eat line when attempting to edge . This was a 2007 model which is apparently not part of their recall as according to their site , `` it has already been repaired '' . The individual at B&D who decided that putting a label over a screw hole was a good idea should be fired immediately although in that organization they 've probably been promoted to at least a junior VP status by now .
 I am a typical homeowner who uses his lawn implements about once every week or so and i have to tell you that the Black & Decker GH1000 is the crappiest thing that i have bought in a long time!Within the first month , the automatic line feeder stopped working and about 3 months later the drive shaft snapped!I went to B&D ; website and it is as poorly designed as the product - no help whatsoever and no contact phone number !!! BTW , the last edger/trimmer i owned lasted TEN years !
 After using this product less than one dozen times , it stopped working . I took it apart -LRB- after discovering the `` hidden screw '' -RRB- to find that a cheap plastic drive gear had warn/melted . But , in trying to buy a replacement , found that the gear must be purchased as part of the `` Motor Assembly '' , for over $ 52.00 -LRB- not counting shipping -RRB- ! This design is an insult to consumers , hiding a cheap part that will fail , forcing the replacement of the entire unit . It makes one wonder when Black and Decker will begin hiring people with engineering degrees to advise them on the desirability of selling products that look good but are designed to fail far before they produce their expected value!A One Star rating is a gift !!
 had it about a year , it was fine the first 4 times I used it but today -LRB- probably use # 5 -- it 's not heavily used -RRB- the engine turns but the string does n't . I 'm going to replace this with a gas powered one . This one was OK power wise but it should n't break so quickly ...
 Ok , so I thought I was doing something wrong or that I just was overusing that darn thing and only NOW , years later , I see there has been a recall ! I stopped using it 2 or 3 years back when , like others have said , the spool cap kept flying off during use . Talk about a hazard ! I just kept picking it up -LRB- after I found the darn thing -RRB- and putting it back on because I had to get my friggin lawn done and did n't have money for another trimmer ! Guess this is why you should always turn in your product registration cards ... in case the company puts out a recall on a contraption that has the capacity to decapitate you or any small dogs or children in the area when they become 50 mile an hour hot flying disks !!! This product sucks and not only do I want a `` repair kit '' , but I want someone to come out to the house to install it for me and someone to give me back the hours I spent picking up the cap , rewinding the trim line and reassembling it . ... not to mention getting my money back for the new trimmer I had to spend money on after I finally realized I was n't going to win with this thing . **** BOOOOO ****
 The GH1000 is supposedly a trimmer/edger . I 've used it twice . As a trimmer , it ran OK for about 30 minutes . As an edger , the drive mechanism failed after about 15 minutes , edging only 135 feet of sidewalk . It was hard to disassemble , because one screw is hidden under the long `` PUSH and TURN for Edging , PUSH to adjust height '' decal . A plastic gear inside the machine had melted , and a fiberglass-reinforced toothed rubber belt melted and broke . There 's no use fixing it , because another plastic gear and rubber belt will overheat and fail just as fast . If you own one , do n't use it for more than a few minutes each hour , and do n't use it as an edger at all .
 I 've had the Black & Decker Grass Hog XP GH1000 for two years , and for two years I 've been frustrated . The trimmer spool design is horrible . -LRB- mine is not on the recall list -RRB- At first , I thought it was just me and dealing with a different type of spool , but in reality it is just the spool . Entire chunks of the green trimmer string unwind and break off , which makes it run out faster . Also , when you purchase a new spool and open it , it completely unwinds into a mess . Attempting to re-wind the trimmer string is impossible because it gets tangled and , therefore , useless . Other than the spool , the rest of the machine works fine , but unfortunately without a spool , it 's just an expensive , hand-held motor .
 Trimmer is OK for light duty work . I used it on heavier grass and the cheap plastic gear driving the shaft slipped on the belt driven by the electric motor , melted and failed.Black & Decker GH1000 Grass Hog XP 14-Inch 7.2 Amp Electric String Trimmer/Edger
 This item has a design flaw as all these 1 star reviews point out . I have had this trimmer for less than a year and while I was using it for the first time since the fall the string head stopped rotating but the motor kept going . Being an engineer I take everything apart , so I found out that the belt had broken and the pulley had melted . Would a metal pulley really cost that much more ? This is one of the most expensive corded trimmers and at the time that I got it the reviews were a little more positive and it had also gotten favorable reviews from consumer reports . I guess they just do n't make things to last . Everything else about the trimmer is fine . The reason they do n't sell replacement pulleys is because the pulley and the bearings are press fit on the shaft and therefore it is not something the average homeowner will be able to replace .
 I purchased this item in the spring of 2008 for $ 70 . I used it very little over two seasons , so little in fact that I never added new string . It now has a melted plastic drive pulley . Because this pulley is part of the motor assembly it can not be replaced without replacing the whole motor . Making a critical part of the drive assembly out of cheap plastic was a terrible design flaw that makes this product a disposable item . DO NOT BUY IT .
 I have been screaming at these manufactures for years to make a Electric weed trimmer than can use metal blades to cut brush and heavy weeds but these manufactures Never listen to the Customers then when People quit buying their poor quality over priced products then the false Government comes and bail them out . I bought the one with the orange cap and the cap only came off once and It does have enough power to get the job done but I believe this goes beyond poor workmanship and trying to save money on materials I believe they deliberately made the gear on this where It would prematurely wear out but I think they wanted to look like natural wear Instead of self destruction .
 I gave this an early favorable review ... the quality of this product has forced me to reverse course 100 % . It initially seemed to work ... we had two of them ... after about 3 reloads the minute either one encountered any thick vegetation the string would feed out almost constantly ... and we used the right string . Then each one broke ... a small piece of plastic on the ratchet mechanism on one and the grass shield cracked and literally fell off the other.These are total junk ... if you want a good electric weed eater get the one that is made by Stihl.Stihl also makes a 4 cycle ... mid-range size ... gas powered weed eater which handles just about anything and is easy to use ... be sure to get it with the larger accessory guard to keep stuff from coming back at you.As for the Grass Hog ... it 's garbage .
 The Good : - Powerful - ErgonomicsThe Bad : - No speed control - AFS -LRB- auto feed spool -RRB- does not work well . Either does n't feed at all or feeds too much . Large chunks of line go flying when it feeds too much ... WEAR EYE PROTECTION !
 I bought the GH1000 in March 2008 , and I was very satisfied with the cutting power . I had the same problems other reviewers mentioned with the automatic line feeder , which will not feed unless the line is very carefully wound with no overlaps , loose or tight areas . Finally got the knack after months of practice.However , I have replaced the GH1000 under the two year warranty TWICE since I bought it . On both occasions , the motor ran fine but the trimmer head failed to rotate . Happily , I am close to a B&D ; repair center , and I received 2 refurbished units at no cost . This week , a month after my warranty ran out , the GH1000 failed again , same problem . Well , no more free replacement , so I decided to open it up and find the problem . I posted a photo on the `` customer image '' section , at the top of the product page , take a look . The motor transfers power to the rotating shaft with a slotted belt . The motor drive pulley is metal , but the shaft pulley is plastic , and the plastic simply wears away and finally fails . B&D ; must see this on the many units returned to them , but they just send the refurb units out with a plastic drive pulley again!My yard is 1/3 acre , mulched areas with weeds , some woody but not thick , and I use the trimmer about an hour every two to three weeks for 6 months a year.The GH1000 has a design defect , and I think B&D ; should recall all these units and fix it .
 I went through two of these before giving up . Both units died the same way , the motor works but the head stopped spinning . I was able to return both to Lowe 's and I am currently looking for another weed whacker.It 's a real shame because I own a number of other Black & Decker products that are solid . If you 're considering buying this weed whacker look elsewhere , it WILL die .
 I bought a 14 '' Grass Hog XP Trimmer/Edger -LRB- Model # GH1000 -RRB- . I assembled it correctly and used it per the instructions . Within 20 minutes the trimmer head spun off a total of 4 times , disgorging the green nylon thread ; I had to hunt for the trimmer head that was thrown at least 15 feet , at high speed , from where I was working . I spent more time rewinding the spool than trimming my grass.The instructions painstakingly explained that the black shield must be installed before use , and failure to do so would cause the motor to overheat . Of course , I followed the instructions and secured the shield with the two provided screws . After about 20 minutes of use the shield fell off and , of course , the two little screws were lost in the grass somewhere.This is a seriously defective and dangerous product . I tried calling the 800 help line , but it is only open Monday to Friday , even though the vast majority of Black & Decker 's customers would be looking for help on Saturday and Sunday . Go figure.So , this morning I returned the product to the hardware store for a complete refund , and I advised them that they should discontinue selling this product since it is not fit for sale . Maybe they should just quit selling Black & Decker products altogether.My experience with this product has been so appalling I shall never purchase anything made by Black & Decker ever again .
 I 'm not sure what convinced me to buy another Black & Decker tool . I knew they were junk . Maybe my kids were distracting me at the store and I just wanted to get out in a hurry . Anyway , it worked a few times , but pretty quickly , the hub stopped engaging , although the motor would still spin . I took it apart and there is a rubber belt that attaches to a plastic gear -LRB- that 's right - plastic -RRB- . The belt had shredded and melted the plastic gear . It looks like quite a few other reviewers have had the same problem . These parts stood no chance of lasting under any kind of use . I 'm off to hunt for the receipt . Black and Decker should give up on tools and stick to home improvement books .
 I just purchased this trimmer this morning from a national chain hardware store based on the glowing review it received from a well known not-for-profit consumer magazine . They rated it a best buy.I should have read the reviews on here first . I 've now ` fixed ' the line feeder at least 6 times , one of the two spools is out of string , the other would be if it would feed line at all , but , in any case , it is almost out as well . I completed the driveway and half of the front sidewalk , still have the back patio to do , but it is back to the hardware store first for an exchange ; I 'll be getting another model or brand , do n't know which . Total length of ownership , about 2 hours ; I 'll have spent more time buying it , assembling , and returning it than I spent using it.It has tons of power , but like another reviewer pointed out , without a speed adjustment it feels a little out of control and easy to start chewing up things that you do n't want to.I rate this a PDK Bad Buy .
 Do what I did after the spool hub cap flew across the yard after only 20 min . of use , file a complaint with the Consumer Product Safety Commission online . The CPSC are coming to get this trimmer from hell today ! A small price to pay if they force a recall!Black and Decker `` help line '' is useless , told to return to retailer ! The person at the other end of the line has probably never seen a blade of grass , much less a string trimmer ! They were not interested in the safety issue of flying hub caps across the yard at a high rate of speed!Never again will I buy B&D ; products !
 After wearing out several B&D trimmers , I thought that this would be a more durable replacement . Although it is more powerful than the standard Grass Hog , it is much more difficult to control and the dual string spool is annoying to use and tends to throw alot of string pieces . This trimmer would be best for heavy duty brush trimming , but not the average yard trim work .
 It works great for about 10-20 minutes then it falls apart ... literally . As many of the other posts have said the spool feeds too fast then flies off . Lesson learned ... Read reviews of products before purchasing if at all possible . Unfortunately you ca n't always trust in a good brand .
 Do n't buy this POS . This should be called the `` Grass Dog '' instead of `` grass hog '' . Like others I lost the cap on my first one within a few hours . Took it back to Lowes and got a new one only this time I drilled a small hole on opposite sides of the edge of the cap and inserted 2 small screws . OK , no problem , but lo and behold the thing starts spewing line like crazy , especially if you try to wind your own . Then it started breaking the line on one of the sides . So , back to Lowes . The 3rd one worked good for about 15 minutes and the line started getting caught between the cap and the hub . Then the hub flew off -LRB- I did n't screw this cap on -RRB- . I found it though cause now they are using bright orange caps instead of black ones -LRB- is this thier fix for caps flying off ? -RRB- . After putting it back on and firing it up things are going good for about 10 min . then the cap goes flying again . I picked it up and damn if the string did n't get caught between the hub and the cap and sawed one of the ears that hold it on right off.OK , back to the screws on the edge . Fired up again and 10 min later the head quit spinning . That 's it back to Lowes and I quit.Total effective time used for 3 new units was about 3 hours . Total time wasted was about 3 days.I noticed Amazon has this going for $ 33.00 free shipping . Guess they are trying to get rid of them . Save your money , They could give them away and I would n't take one , and would someone please post what they bought as an alternative to this POS -LRB- electric .080 -RRB- that works !
 The worst purchase of my life . Automatic feed ? Up yours Black and Decker . Only enjoyment this product brought was smashing it to bits . Will never even touch a Black and Decker product again .
 I have had this for one year , of course not using in winter . It worked well enough -LRB- but I always regretted buying electric vs. gas -RRB- . In any case , last week I heard a popping sound while changing from weeder to edger , and then the spool stopped turning , even though I could hear the motor working . I finally opened it up , and the belt was broken . This morning , I went to the local B&D dealer and bought a replacement belt for $ 3 . No biggy , but cashier said something about a pulley commonly melting . Well sure enough , when I took a good look at it this evening before reassembling , one of the two gears that the belt surrounds is made out of black plastic , and it had clearly partially melted during use ; and apparently when it cools off , it gets very sharp edges , which is probably what tore the belt . The other gear is metal , and it looks perfect . Unfortunately , the only way to replace that gear is to replace the entire motor . Do n't buy . I wish I had checked the Amazon ratings beforehand ! It was n't smart of B&D to make a gear out of plastic that ca n't withstand the temperature of use . Supposedly it came with a 2 year warranty , so I guess I know what I 'll be doing this weekend . Also FYI if you try to open the weedeater by yourself , note that there is a hidden screw underneath the large product sticker , and that you need to slice the black rubber handle , too .
 If the salesman tries to sell you this piece of Chinese junk , run away as fast as you can ! I bought this last fall and immediately had trouble advancing the trim line . I thought it was because I was rewinding my own spools to save a buck or five ! So , I bought one of their pre-wound spools for $ 5-something . No better . The thing just wo n't advance the trim line , period.Black and Decker used to be the most trusted name in tools and equipment . Not any more , not since they hired child labor overseas to build their stuff . I will NEVER buy another piece of B & D equipment ... and this piece is going in the trash tonight !
 As clearly detailed this tool is so poorly engineered , I cant even fathom how somebody could have approved this for sale . Its dangerous to use , and costly to replace the line it tosses out . I am a very patient person and have tried to figure out a few tricks to get this product to work correctly . Ideally B&D ; would offer a replacement head that is bump feed rather than auto-feed as the the auto feed is ridiculously bad . My tips : - Buy untextured smooth trimmer line in bulk . often it sold in cut to paired lengths - dip the bulk line into water before using -LRB- I might even try soapy water next time -RRB- - wrap the line on the spool smoothly and try not to over tight as this wedges the line in place - dip the spool into water again - Sharpen the cut-off blade on the shroud with a file . A dull cut-off blade wiil yank extra line out - carry a pair of garden trimmers with you . If you hear the tool over feeding it is probably out of balance . Stop the motor , trim the excess line , and confirm if the other line is stuck or wedge in the spoolYES I HATE THIS TOOL - but I am stubborn .
 What a waste of money . Had it only one year and already it does n't work . Motor sounds fine but head does not turn . I suspect something in the shaft has broken . I have only used it about 10 times for around flower beds , etc. . I have a separate edger for driveway/curbs so it really has n't been worked very hard . Sad part is I have always been a B&D fan . No more ! Last piece of foreign equipment I buy -- especially with the name `` Black & Decker '' on it !
 I received one of these string trimmers few years ago as gift . Did not use but time or two . This year needed to get yard back in shape . Was using took a break , then trimmer whould not work . Same thing as so many others say , motor runs head does not spin . Figured out trimmer only has 3-5 hrs total of use.Could not belive my `` eyes '' when went on line to research . I have never seen a item that has so many negative reviews !! Took apart , yep mealted gear , same as so many others !!! Not going to pay as much as whole trimmer to order part . Why ? and have the same few hours of use.I know I will never buy another Black and Decker produce NO mater what it is !! Plus was pass warrenty pr and no way to prove so FEW HOURS of use . -LRB- no hour clock meter , like on big equipment -RRB- Did research and went to localy famly owned trimmer , mower , chain saw place . Did get only elec that manufacture makes . Gas are hard for me to start . Not reading good reviews on battery motels no matter who makes them.Person that gave as gift very upset on so few hrs of use and nothing we can do . I even still had the receipt ! He spent his hard earn money on it . He does not use elec string trimmers , uses professional grade commercial gas trimmers.Again do not buy at all ! I too wish could give NO starts in rating of the now going to the dump trimmer ! More could say but want to keep this review clean . Also review that mentioned hidden screw under lable were helpful when took apart.Did not have problem with going thew line like others mentioned in their reviews . But this trimmer is a piece of Junk !!!
 I brought this trimmer about 2 years ago and used it maybe 6 times . Today after around 20 minutes it broke down . The motor runs but the trimmer/string will not spin . And the line if half full . It did a good job when it was working but judging from the other reviewers it does n't seem to last long .
 Looks like the hokey looking motor assembly is made in Shanghai . Unfortunately the plastic shaft gear easily melts it 's teeth into the drive belt ruining both -LRB- really , how much would a better metal gear cost ? -RRB- . A check on the B & D parts page does n't offer the faulty gear pulley as a part , only a whole motor assembly for over $ 60 plus shipping - hardly worth the repair cost . I hate throwing something in the garbage that fails due to one small , ill conceived , and unavailable component , and so i think this will be my last Black and Decker purchase . Too cheap to do the job and did n't last my occasional light use .
 First , I am returning this item because the spool cap keeps coming off . I 've been hit in the shins by the flying spool for the last time.This trimmer is extremely powerful . Unfortunately , unlike its less powerful gas powered cousins , this trimmer does NOT have a variable speed trigger . It needs one . Otherwise , it behaves as a difficult to control aircraft.Next , doing precision trimming is next to impossible . As you inch your way up to decking or other delicate items , just as you are almost finished , the auto string release lets go with a few inches of string . All of a sudden you are fighting to control this trimmer . You usually lose . The result being a 14 inch half moon slice of lawn missing . Because the extra released string forces the trimmer to dive into the ground , or worse yet , into delicate woodwork or yard fixtures.One of these string releases resulted in the shield being cracked in two places.It is impossible to make decent trims around sprinkler heads or any fixed object with this trimmer . That would not be the case if it had , like its less powerful gas powered cousins , a variable speed trigger.If you have a field of waste deep weeds that you want to completely destroy and in short order , this is the trimmer for you !
 I will admit , I live in the middle of nowhere and I should have bought a commercial grade weedeater , but I was tired of fighting the gas powered weedeaters I was used to.The auto-feed mechanism died about an hour into the life of the device and twenty minutes into the second season of ownership , the motor spins but the cutting head does n't . I decided to leave a review after looking online to figure out how to repair this weedeater only to learn that all the internals are junky plastic.On the upside , the spool never fell off while I was weedeating !
 Worked for a total of ten hours maybe before the drive train died . Explains why B&D ; upped the warranty from one year to two . Mine did n't even make it to the one-year mark.Save your money . Get something else .
 Just to echo other reviews , automatic feeder does not work . Spend more time fixing string -LRB- factory wound bought new -RRB- than trimming lawn . This goes to Goodwill and will be replaced . What absolute junk .
 I just bought this item and already have problems . The self feed does not know when to stop . It went through all of the line before I was done with half of the yard .
 I have now bought two of these ! Will have returned both ! The first one the guard melted due to heat created in shaft . The second one the head would n't stay on and kept throwing out the spool of line . This item is a total embarrassment . I would be ashamed to have the brand name on it .
 The GH1000 has completely soured me on Black and Decker equipment . On my first one , the auto feed system either fed nothing or fed way too much . My yard if now full of 6-inch pieces of green line laying everywhere . I could trim my yard 4 or 5 times with my old trimmer -LRB- Weed Eater -RRB- before having to refill the spool . I had to buy a spare spool because the GH1000 required 2 full spools each time I trimmed . The third time I used the B&D ; , the feed mechanism broke , rendering the machine useless.I returned the unit to Lowe 's in exchange for a new one . The very first time I used the new one , the end cap flew across the yard . No matter how I tried to make the cap stay , it continued to fly off , a total of 12 times during one trim of my yard . And each time the cap flew off , I had to rewind the spool . The job that normally takes between 20 and 30 minutes took me an hour and a half.While returning this unit to Lowe 's , I ran into a lady who was returning the same unit with the same complaints ! Do n't buy a GH1000 !
 My husband was so excited about this trimmer , thinking that it would do well since we needed a corded one since our cordless trimmer would n't last the very long . After putting it together , I started trimming the yard . Around 15 minutes later the spool and cover went flying across the yard hitting the brick wall of our home . Thank goodness it did n't get anywhere near any body parts , otherwise it would have been sliced right off.My husband then tried it a couple of weeks later . Same thing happened , but now the spool and cover wo n't go back on . I 'm hoping that we can return it since it 's now considered a useless deadly weapon.I highly suggest not purchasing this item .
 THE FIRST B AND D XP TRIMMER I PURCHASED WAS USED ABOUT 1 MONTH WHEN THE AUTO FEED QUITE WORKING . AFTER CONTACTING B AND D CORPORATE OFFICES , THEY AGREED TO SEND ME ANOTHER TRIMMER.THE NEW TRIMMER WORKED FINE FOR ABOUT 6 MONTHS AND THEN WOULD NO LONGER FEED THE STRING . THE STRING IN THE B AND D SPOOLS WAS STUCK TOGETHER AT VARIOUS POINTS AND ALSO ADDED TO THE PROBLEM.I WILL NOT BUY ANOTHER B AND D TRIMMER .
 Consumer Reports -LRB- May 2012 -RRB- rated this as the number one electric trimmer -LRB- tied with the Stihl -RRB- . Based on that and with the newer reviews on Amazon , I went ahead and purchased this trimmer . I will be updating this review every few weeks as I use this trimmer to clean up my 3 acre lot in the Seattle area.UPDATE 5/17/2012Received the trimmer today and was disappointed that the date code showed that this item was built in 2009 . This means it has been sitting in the warehouse for at least 3 years . However , I unpacked it , put on the string guard and went outside to whack some of my tougher weeds . Less than 30 seconds later BOTH strings broke . I opened up the bottom , re-threaded the string back through the holes , snapped on the cover and went back to whack some more weeds . Once again , it took less than 30 seconds for the nylon strings to break -LRB- and the automatic feeder failed to advance them -RRB- . However , the instruction manual states that nylon string does DRY OUT , and the manual recommends storing the nylon string spools in water so this does not happen . I will do this overnight and try again tomorrow.UPDATE 5/18/2012I called Black & Decker 's help line and complained about the nylon string breaking and dried out since the trimmer was manufactured back in 2009 . The B&D ; helpdesk person offered to send me two new spools of nylon string and a new lever to advance the spools just in case mine was faulty.In the meantime , I took the spool of string out of the water , reinserted it in the trimmer , and went back to the garden to trim the weeds . The strings lasted longer but still tended to break on the heavier plants.At one point the trimmer string completely unwound inside the cover and I had to pull off the spool and rewind both cores which took 20 minutes . I assume this happened because it was old trimmer string.Update 5/25/2012I am downgrading this trimmer to a ONE STAR rating . I used a brand new spool of trimmer line today that Black and Decker sent me and the trimmer line kept on breaking off so that I had to :1 . Stop what I was doing2 . Unplug the unit3 . Take off the spool cover4 . Rethread the leads back into the holes5 . Replace the cover6 . Start over againAnd two of the times times this happened , the spool of nylon trimmer string unwound completely ! I had to sit and rewind both spools by hand , re-insert the spools , rethread the leads and replace the cover.After using this trimmer for about a week , I have returned this unit for a full refund . It is junk no matter what Consumer Reports says about it .
 beware that there is a safety issue with this product . Black and Decker has issued repaired kit for this product .
 The Grass Hog worked great the first time I used it . The second time the plastic piece holding the cutting line spool broke and all the line went flying . Next time Black and Decker try making that piece out of something besides the cheapest plastic you could find . I returned mine .
 I 've owned this thing for a couple of years . It 's design is flawed in that , if you extend the handle all the way , the hed that inserts into the motor -LRB- and rund down through the handle to spin the spool head -RRB- pops out . So you can not extend the handle all the way.Also , the drive belt keeps slipping off . And I 'm having a hard time finding a replacement belt.This is in addition to the original fault with the spool head , which does tend to come off , and was recalled back in 2007 due to it 's having caused hundreds of injuries - although * I * only heard about the recall while searching today for drive belts . I was never injured , but it 's been a huge annoyance.The self-feeding string-spool mechanism does n't work all that great , either.And the shield , which is supposed to protect you from flying debris , does not . It 's too small , so debris flies * everywhere * - and it 's even worse if you 're left-handed . TO avoid being pelted and bruised , I actually wear a full face shield that I 'd originally gotten for a beginner welding class , plus a hat or cap to keep dirt/pebbles from landing on my head , long pants and a long-sleeved shirt.I 'd be tempted to give this thing ZERO stars , because I spend about 3X as much time taking the dang thing apart to repair the above things , than I 've ever spent * using * it.I do n't know who designs equipment , but it must be people who either never use -LRB- and never have used -RRB- any sort of equipment , or else it 's designed specifically to be so terrible that you go out and buy the more expensive version . If you ca n't afford to do that , well , you 're just plain outta luck.The only reason I still bother with this thing is that I 've just seen so much truly awful industrial so-called `` design '' , I 'm not convinced that anything else is going to be designed any better or operate any better , regardless of how much more it costs .
 I purchased this on Amazon a few years ago . It lasted two and a half years before the cheap rubber drive broke inside . I tried to fix it once and it was no use . What a piece of junk . There was even a recall on the string holder and that was nothing compared to the other problems I 've had with it .
 i had a black & decker that worked great ! let my friend use it he broke and replaced it with this . it was good for the first 20secs that i used it went down hill and very very fast this thing went . the thing suppose to be easy since you dont have to push to restring it but that doesnt help when the damn thing lets go of string with no control and trust me once that string get to long i will hit you and hit you hard i have the welts to prove it !!
 Do n't buy this . I spent more time changing cord than actually cutting weeds . Burns up cord fast , that 's if you can even get it on properly . Maybe the cartridges work better . I do n't know and I 'm not going to waste any money and time trying . It 's going back to the store where I bought it .
 Just want to confirm what others have indicated . Was using the trimmer today when it died . The motor runs but will not drive the head anymore . It has been used maybe a dozen times in a very small yard .
 No Stars . I bought this thing a year ago and used it only three times for a small yard . I liked the fact that you did n't need to keep bumping the trimmer wheel on the ground to get more line . HOWEVER . During the third use , the trimmer wheel quit working . The motor spins , but the drive does n't . Now apparently I will have to try to fix it my self , as the warranty is up . It did get a little warm on the housing , but not so much as to cause concern . Now I 'm stuck with no trimmer and I will avoid Black & Decker products in the future . Big disappointment .
 We have used it for a while - it was not the best tool but OK . However , now it failed completely . I opened it
 Plastic gears inside melted instantly , and are not-replaceable . see other reviews on the is issue . just adding my 1 star to the list . Stay away .
 I have owned this for about 3 months . Previous to this I 've had many trimmers . First off , the string does not feed . I have to stop every few feet and open it up to get more line . Then , the cover that protects you does nothing of the sort . Green line chips keep hitting my legs . This trimmer is now in the trash . I would return it but it met with an unfortunate accident after making my legs bleed . Geez .
 Yesterday I purchased this trimmer with the new automatic line feed . After edging I noticed my lawn littered with pieces of green string from 1/2 '' to 2.5 '' in length . Checking the spool I found it nearly empty , indicating it would require a $ 10 spool of string every time I edge . A spool of string on my last trimmer lasted approximately two years . Also , while using the trimmer I noticed other manufacturing defects which I did n't bother to investigate since I returned the unit to the retailer.Now I must continue picking up all those pieces of bright florescent green string from my yard .
 I 've had the same problem everybody is complaining about
 I selected the GrassHog 1000 for its top-engine and handle design , giving it very good balance . In combination with its good adjustability for different heights -LRB- my wife is much shorter than me -RRB- , its edging feature , the double cutting line at 14in cutting swath and its reasonable price it seemed like the natural choice , despite somewhat high weight . When you first turn it on , you notice that it has major power , cuts just about anything , and handles well.So , until you actually start using it for real , this is a great trimmer . However , anyone giving this more than one star has n't actually used it . The notorious problems with the line spool cap that kept flying off are n't even the biggest deal - after we got the warranty replacement for it we have n't had further problems of this sort , although initially this was the product 's key issue . And I do n't dislike the automatic feeding spool as much as other reviewers.This trimmer 's real problem is the belt drive , and I find it highly surprising and rather annoying that no professional reviewing sites even mention this -LRB- consumer reviews do ! -RRB- . Despite very little use the trimmer has already become technically unusable . The belt flies off the wheel after just a few minutes of trimming , and rips if you put it back on . Aside from the considerable cost of replacing the belt every time I trim , I just hate spending 15 minutes taking the 20 screws out and putting them back in for less than 5 minutes of actual work -LRB- NO exaggeration ! -RRB- . Plus , as others have mentioned , the larger pulley -LRB- the one that drives the trimming axle -RRB- is made of plastic and shows distinct signs of wear although we have hardly even used the trimmer , given that it 's almost always been on the repair table . And this pulley can not be replaced without replacing the entire motor assembly -LRB- the small metal pulley can be replaced , but this never breaks -- if this small pulley had a flange the belt likely would n't fly off all the time but would probably still rip from friction-generated heat -RRB- . In summary , I ca n't believe such a badly built tool is still being sold . The company must have lost more money on warranty cases than they actually earn from it . If they did n't have the large market of chain hardware stores , Black & Decker would n't be able to sell this disastrous product . I will withhold more descriptive names , but this is a sorry excuse for a trimmer . I have never owned a product that had this many problems . I would give it negative stars if that were possible .
 I bought a GH1000 type 2 in 2008 . Within the first few months I had the first problem
 I bought this product based on specs . Original GH1000 Type 2 worked about two hours . The belt and wheel attached to the electric motor melted . B&D replaced it w/a new one . The replacement GH1000 also died after about two hours of use . Same problem . You can not replace the geared wheel by itself . It is permenantly connected to the motor . To repair it yourself you must buy the motor for about $ 50 . It takes about an hour and a half to do my trimming . Both trimmers died within a half hour into the second trim . Replacement takes about ten days . The product is a waste of time and money .
 I 've had it for about a year now and used it many many times . Is it powerful ? Yes . But that 's the end of the positive aspects . My main gripe with this thing is the spool and auto line feeder -LRB- yes , I have the newer orange cap -RRB- . I just bought a brand new spool and did the front and small back-yard of a modest-sized home . Guess what ? I did n't even have enough line to make it through the whole yard ! This trimmer gorges itself on trimmer-line and will often spew the last 2 feet all over the planet at once . Either I get spools that will eat the whole thing at once , or I will get one that does n't auto feed at all and I have to take it apart and pull the line out . I 've never had one actually work the way I think it should . The GH1000 will make you pine for your old bump-for-line trimmer . I really think the spool is the problem because the trimmer itself seems sound . But , unfortunately , they are a package deal so the trimmer itself shares in the bad review.So , do you want to pay $ 70 up front and another $ 10 every time you mow your stinkin ' lawn ? Do the math . Get something better .
 I purchased the GH1000 to replace another model that burned up . The metal guide that you flip down to follow the sidewalk edge to get a good straight cut is the best feature of the grass hog models . However , the guide on the GH1000 causes the grass line to be , in my opinion , too far back from the sidewalk edge . In other words you end up with this 2 '' ditch between the sidewalk edge and the grass which is too much . Nevertheless it 's very straight which is good . Now , the bad - the spools SUCK ! I have a 65 ' lot and I use one spool every week , the cost of which makes this unit very expensive to use over the long term . Buying prewound replacements is costly , winding them yourself - impossible . For my prevoius ground hog I found a push N load replacement head that used 12 '' precut strings . I cut my own 12 '' strings from a spool of line I had in the garage , and though I used a dozen every time I cut the yard , it was far superior to dealing with the B&D spools . You did n't have to remove the trimmer head to rewind or untangle the line , just push the precut string through the holes and keep going . IT WAS GREAT and it is the only reason I bought another Black and Decker trimmer . Sadly , my push N load replacement head did not fit on the GH1000 and I have not been able to find one that does . I 'll continue using this trimmer this summer season but expect to start shopping for a new one next summer .
 I 've had good luck w / B&D but this is a disappointment . Wait ... I did n't check to see if the newer ones are made in China . It 's so new I 'm still using the original string on it . When I was using it , it stopped rotating . The motor still works but the other end has stopped . Then I went back to my 2 yr old Ryobi which is worse -LRB- made in China -RRB- . I think tomorrow I will put both of these in the trash can , do my research and spend another $ 100 on something else . Do n't waste your money on either of these products .
 This model appears to have a design flaw . We purchased one from Home Depot a couple of years ago . It lasted a few months during the summer then broke . The engine worked but the spool would not turn . We replaced it through a local service center . A second arrived and that lasted about the same time and broke in the same way . We replaced the second one and the third lasted about a day . It broke in the same way.When replacing the third we were told that the model had been updated and all design flaws had been fixed . Guess not !
 I have had this product for two years , and unfortunately I have had the same bad experiences as others.The automatic line feed never worked right -- it would feed a foot at once and then nothing until I yanked on it or took the spool out . Sometimes the line would seemingly stick together , which required me to unwrap and then rewrap it -LRB- which is a lot of fun -RRB- . The orange cap holding the spool on is ridiculously hard to remove , and usually can not be done while everything is warm from usage . The cap is now broken because it cracked , allowing the line inside to get out of position and jam everything up , including the cap itself.The belt drive has not broken yet , but it sounds like it 's skipping teeth -LRB- kind of a grinding noise -RRB- whenever it meets some resistance , so I 'm sure it 's close to breaking.Finally , maybe I need to hit the gym , but if this thing gets a hold of any moderately dense grass , it wants to twist and pull itself into the ground , which leaves lovely bald spots on my lawn.Unfortunately , I ca n't seem to find any electric corded string trimmers with decent reviews . So , it 's basically pick your poison .
 Do not buy this model . It uses a belt inside to drive the shaft from the motor instead of gears . Evenutally the belt slips under heavy use and melts to the gears breaking the belt in the process . On the Black and Decker parts site the belt is backordered . . hmm I wonder why . Stay far away from this piece of junk .
 My dad always told me not to buy Black and Decker . `` It 's # & ! @ with a great marketing department , '' he would say . Apparently I still have n't learned . This is the most frustrating piece of junk I have ever wasted my money on . Do yourself a favor and spend a few more dollars on a quality tool . The defect that finally lead to its dramatic demise is its total failure to feed line . To travel a mere 15 ' down my curb , I had to stop and remove the spool and refeed line 6 times ! And that 's not just today . I dealt with it all summer , and today I destroyed it in my drive-way while a few neighbors watched in fear and disbelief . I 'm not a violent guy prone to overreaction , but this made me feel so good that I can only attribute the feeling to Black and Decker 's solid committment to turning out crap . Please , please , PLEASE do not buy this weed eater . It 's the last thing I will ever buy from Black and Decker .
 As the other reviews say , everything about this trimmer is good except for the poor design of the head . I used mine for about an hour before taking it back to the store . The `` line hub cap '' flew off FIVE times ! I had to rewind the string twice . 3 of the 5 times the cap flew off it was a projectile - hitting me in the leg twice , and the neighbor 's house once . After getting hit in the leg for a second time , that was it . I was frustrated and knew this thing was dangerous .
 I 'm glad I dident use it after buying it . I was going to put the gator multi fit blads on and well ya guessed it they did ` ent fit.I looked at the workings of the unit read the reviews for it and I know I should of done that first but it looked and read like a great tool to use.And after looking at the parts they seem so thin it couldent hold up to the task at hand.Its sorry to hear others haveing trouble.but thats how we all learn.thks .
 My experience echos that of others here . I bought the first one in fall of 2006 , used it once and had the drive train break in < 5 minutes . I exchanged it , figuring it was a fluke . Did n't use the new one at all until summer of 2007 . Upon the first time using it , the string advance was obviously broken from within the first 5 minutes of use . It managed to auto-advance the entire spool of factory stock string in the time it took me to do half of my front yard . I was picking up chopped string bits all over the yard that where anywhere from an inch to 4 inches long . Sometimes , the string would be advanced so far that it would get caught and pop the spool cap right off . My neighbor enjoyed the amusement , though after the 5th or 6th `` Good Grief ! '' range out from me while trying to use this thing . I had to borrow his to finish up my yard . This Grass Hog is going back for store credit . I would n't even take one for free it 's so bad .
 I am frankly amazed that a large manufacturer like Black & Decker would openly defraud the consumer by offering the Grass Hog edger/trimmer GH1000 . A factory rep who happened to be in the Home Depot store when I was looking , recommended this corded electric edger/trimmer . The GH1000 is a string eating machine designed only for using huge quantities of plastic string which is replaced with an expensive pre-wrapped proprietary string spool made by Black & Decker . The rpm of the edger is much higher than necessary with no control to reduce the rpm . It cuts weeds , but more importantly to Black & Decker and not the consumer , it uses excessive quantities of string . I have an average sized lawn and it used almost the entire spool of string with one edging . Obviously some one at Black & Decker thought it up as a clever ploy to sell plastic string , not to efficiently cut weeds and edge . There are any number of these type devices offered to the consumer by other manufacturers , none of which are expressly designed to use excessive amounts of plastic string . I shudder to think what other devices Black & Decker is offering to defraud the consumer .
 I have the orange cap , but the motor assembly where the belt attaches opposite the drive pulley is plastic and the belt just fried to the assembly and that part is part of the motor assembly and can not be purchased seperately . whole motor assembbly has to be replaced @ $ 60.20 , plus belt , plus shipping is the cost of a new one . Line assembly was not the only issue ... It is going to the curb and I will buy something else ...
 I remember my first weed eater in 1976 . You had to unscrew a couple phillips head screws to change out the two strings about every 5 min of operations . It was a bit tedious but you could get the job done . This modern marvel make me long for that simple but effective set up . I can not really tell you much about the actual motor ect because this ## $ $ % % ^ & ^ % will not feed enough string to do anything except have the guts come flying off the business end again and again . Other than that its a fine unit .
 Under NO circumstances should anyone buy this . I had a different B&D trimmer for years ... this one did not get thru one spool go the ugly neon green string before it died . DO NOT buy this trimmer !
 I have suffered with this piece of junk far too long . I can assure you of one thing ; in spite of collecting a multimillion dollar salary while he sends U.S. jobs over to China , the ONE-PERCENTER-CEO of Black & Decker has NEVER taken one of these products home and tried using it himself . The auto-feeder DOES NOT WORK . It never has since the day I bought it . The `` No Bump '' feature means `` after every 30 seconds of operation , take the thing apart and re-feed the line . `` For those of you who , like me , do n't want to pitch this thing in a landfill -LRB- where it belongs -RRB- , I came up with a fix . It takes some doing , but if you purchase an Echo brand `` Rapid Loader , '' with a little ingenuity and a couple of trips to a good hardware store , you can adapt this head to your GrassHog string trimmer . I did that with mine and it 's working pretty good . The two 7 '' strings last a long time because they are heavier duty -LRB- you can use from .095 '' to .155 '' line - cut to 7 '' pieces -RRB- ; and they are extremely easy to replace , very quickly and without tools . This is what the commercial guys use in the Seattle area ... OH ... but they do NOT use Black & Decker products.SERIOUSLY , the B&D ; string trimmers are JUNK . While I 've got mine functioning finally with the new trimmer head , the electric motor makes a horrible noise and there is no way to lubricate it . Frankly , I hope B&D ; goes out of business . I have known for a long time that they make junk , and I NEVER buy their products , but this time - not wanting to buy a gas operated trimmer - it looked like the Grasshog was the toughest unit . Boy was I wrong about that one . JUNK , JUNK , JUNK .
 This is a powerful electric trimmer but mine did not last long -- less than 6 hrs of use . The head stopped rotating so took it apart and the belt that transfers power from motor to head shaft had broken plus the plastic gear teeth stripped so not really worth it to repair . It did really consume string as well . It is out of warranty.This is the second B&D ; product that died an early death . I plan to get a Stihl .
 I was trimming weeds when the motor stopped driving the trim head . I opened the case and found that the drive sprocket had melted . The drive belt was okay and the metal motor sprocket was okay . Toys have plastic gears and sprockets , real power tools use metal parts for the drive train . Buyer be ware ! Also who uses a product for a few days and gives it a 5-star rating ?
 Great initial idea for product , but poor testing . Product should have never been put out in the market without first correcting flaws . I purchased the Hog XP and was really happy when I started it . It did not take but a few minutes of using to realize something was wrong with the string release . I either had green string all over the yard or it would not feed out and I had to constantly stop to rethread . When I called the company to inform them of my thoughts , I was told that I had a two year warranty and was asked if I wanted the number for the service center . As I said the idea of a more powerful motor is great , but when you stand in the Florida sun or heat doing yard work two hours of restringing for a small yard its totally unacceptable . The spool which does n't even last for one small front yard is expensive , and when you need two or three it not cost effective . For what one has to pay to edge a small area -LRB- not cut the grass -RRB- you could hire a yard man . I was replacing the old Black and Decker which has only lasted about 2 years and like others before me had problems with the cover flying off like a hockey puck . Needless to say , I returned the item to Home Depot and I am back in the market for a new trimmer/edger and this time I am going to stay clear of Black and Decker .
 Internal drive belt broke after 2 uses . Motor would spin at high rpm 's while the head would not turn .
 My previous B&D ; bought the farm yesterday when a small plastic piece in the line feed mechanism broke . I bought the grass hog XP hoping for more power and better reliability.Right out of the box , the shaft was loose connected to the motor end . Within an hour , the trimmer head stopped rotating while the motor spun . There 's no user servicable parts , so back to Lowes it goes . I noticed that Lowes has n't restocked this item on their shelves . They 've probably had enough of the returns and are discontinuing the model .
 I am not one to raise a ruckus , but this thing is an abomination . The dual-line spool hurls itself and its cap like a hockey puck every five minutes , requiring an Easter egg hunt and dual respooling . Fun ! Careful , though , when ya go to deal with this , cuz the business end gets so hot , you could burn yourself touching nearly a foot up the shaft.Today was my third stab at using the muther
 OK , I bought one of these , and I wish I had read these reviews first . First time using it , it completely blew through the spool of trimmer line that came with it in a little under 15 minutes of use ! The following weekend I put in another spool of line , same story , all line used up before I could even finish edging my driveway . I came to the conclusion that it was just continuously feeding the line out unchecked , and after reading the other reviews here I can understand why
 Dont even think about buying this item I was lucky enough to be able to take it back and get a refund after using it once Wish I had read these reviews before I bought it , would have saved me a return trip to Home Depot . It ate my extension cord , first trimmer to actually cut thru the extension cord BEWARE of this product
 I had high hopes about this unit , but was very disappointed . The spool cover flew off twice during my first use on a small property . Everything came flying out of the spool . It 's fortunate that I recovered the parts . Took it back to store and got a refund.In my opinion , it is a great concept that was n't ready for production . The heftiness of a gas trimmer with the advantages of an electric .
 While I DID like the balance and power of this , the drive shaft became disengaged from the motor on THREE seperate units ! A weak link I guess . What is almost as infuriating is OSH , when asked if others were having problems with this model , played dumb on several occasions .
 I 've gotten about three and-a-half hours of use out of this product , and the belt has already broken . The engine runs , but the trimming apparatus does not turn . Based on web searches , this appears to be a regular problem , even with the post-recall model .
 Pros
 It seemed pretty good the first time I used it though it seemed almost overpowered with no way to control speed or power . However , since our maiden voyage I 've been on the verge of returning it every other time I use it . Which I should have done because last time I used it , the spool housing cover popped off spontaneously and without my immediately being aware of it and apparently sailed into the creek that runs through our property and bye bye cover . I 've since read of this problem from other reviewers . The other problems that suck you into wasting a lot of time are line problems
 I 'm spending much more time respooling the stringer line , than I am whacking any grass ! Very poor product ! I do better with a machete ! Ugh ! Yuck !
 First day using this something broke inside . The motor would turn , but the cutter head would n't . I also had line feed problems . I would not recommend anyone get this .
 2 machines , both died within a day or so of pulling them out of the box . Light use , no extended use , should have performed much better . We have owned two Grass Hog trimmers and have worn them out after a couple of years of use . Too bad the same is n't true of the XP .
 I was unable to complete my first trimming job , as the trimmer stopped working.This is my second , and LAST , Black & Decker trimmer.The design of the line feeding mechanism is defective . In their smaller model it is a small plastic swivelling piece which wears out.Apparently recognizing this , in the 7.2 amp version , the plastic knob has a thin metal jacket which , at some point , must have come off , since the small plastic knob on the mechanism has once again sheared off , preventing the line from feeding . Making the entire -LRB- small -RRB- piece out of metal would solve this problem.I would never consider buying this product again . The 10 cent piece that wears out is not replaceable . UGH.I also had a problem with the cap coming off and flying across the street into my neighbor 's yard , where it landed next to their infant .
 Save your money and steer clear of this `` dog '' . On paper it looks good . In action it disappoints no end.First , the auto feed seemed like a good idea , except that the high rpm needed to feed the string cause unforseen consequences . For one you never know when it 's going to auto feed . When it does feed it causes the head to dip and subsequently damage the lawn.Second the string feed cap flies off and ends up a long way from where you are working.Third , the build on this `` dog '' is cheap and probably wo n't last the life of the warranty . Of course I wo n't find out ; it 's goin in the trash .
 Black and Decker GH100 Grass Hog String Trimmer is dangerous in use and brakes down too often . I bought it in Home Depot on May 28 , 2008 . First I discovered that the Automatic Feed Spool -LRB- AFS -RRB- is dangerous and wasteful . It does not feed the cutting line when you need it , but when you work close to an expensive shrub , all of a sudden it decides to feed extra 10 inches of line , which cuts through the bark on the $ 70 juniper an kills it completely . I spent near $ 200 on replacing the plants in my yard that were killed by the Automatic Feed Spool -LRB- AFS -RRB- . Also the Automatic Feed Spool -LRB- AFS -RRB- uses about ten times more cutting line than the normal push-on line feeder.The worst part of this product is its reliability . After about one year the toothed belt inside the unit raptured . I purchased on the internet two replacement belts for $ 3.55 a piece , which was much cheaper than shipping the whole thing to a Black and Decker service center . I replaced the toothed belt myself and used the trimmer for a few months , but then the second belt got destroyed . So I replaces it again . When the unit stopped for the third time , I found that the plastic toothed pulley inside the unit was completely melted , and it is not possible to purchase this part on the internet . This happened two years and one month after I purchased the trimmer , i.e. , one month after the end of the warranty period . Bottomline
 This unit is trash . Barely used this unit when string stopped working . Opened it to find belt had come off the gear . Reinstalled belt and reassembled -LRB- 20 screws -RRB- . Worked for about 30 seconds . Opened the 20 screws again to find the plastic gear attached to motor melted . Fix is to replace motor @ approximately $ 60.00 .
 This is the biggest POS lawn equipment I have ever had . I used to have a single line grasshog that lasted about 8 years and worked great . But ... time takes it 's toll on relatively inexpensive items , so I popped for the new version - expecting just as good results . I was wrong . Mine was well after any recalls - the thing EATS trimmer line . I do n't have a large yard , but my single line trimmer could be loaded and would last me at least 3 mowings before needing to be reloaded . Twice now I have had to reload the spool 2 times in ONE DAY . As others have said - wear Army boots and heavy denim as the line will fling out and massacre your legs . I have had this piece of junk for 2 months and I am ready to throw it into the trash bin . Yeah . . when it worked , it cut thru grass and weeds with ease . But at the rate it eats trimmer line , it would be cheaper in the course of one summer to buy a gas powered weedeater instead .
 I am quoting another review I read on Amazon . My experience was exactly the same . `` Bought this B&D ; trimmer locally . Used it 1 year with no problems ... powerful , reliable , quiet , worked well . Had to reload the trim string head quite often . 2nd year ... the drive system inside the handle self destructed . The motor would spin , the trim head would not . `` This quote is from the manufacturers website . `` AFS -LRB- tm -RRB- dual feed spool advances line automatically - no need to stop or bump '' . This is a lie . I had to manually advance the line multiple times each use . I wasted $ 70 on it but I am glad it died !!!
 Lasted five trips around larger yard -LRB- weeds mainly -RRB- . Plenty of power . Used by 100lb . wife . Drive belt melted plastic gear rendering machine useless . A complete waste of money . Do not buy this machine .
 At first I couldent have been happier with this trimmer , it worked great and was very powerful . Then after one summer of use it stopped working . Dont buy this trimmer .
 Stay away from this trimmer ... it looks cool , the shaft spins and may be ergonomically sound , but beware because like you 'll see in all the reviews , the belt and the plastic gear all melt after a spirited time in the back yard . I 'm giving this product a 1 star rating because there is no 0 rating . I wish manufacturers would stop replacing metal parts with plastic .
 Bought this B&D ; trimmer locally , not from Amazon . Used it 1 year with no problems ... powerful , reliable , quiet , worked well . Had to reload the trim string head quite often , but figured that was the price of an electric trimmer that ate everything in it 's path .2 nd year ... the drive system inside the handle self destructed . The motor would spin , the trim head would not . Upon disassembly , found the drive belt burnt , melted , almost in 2 pieces , the plastic / composite drive gear melted and 90 % of the teeth gone . The metal motor gear was fine . My opinion , for the most part ... cheap components.Researched buying replacement parts to discover the gears are only available as a complete unit with the motor ... $ 50 . Belt is $ 4 . Add in shipping and it 's like buying a new unit all over again.Warranty is 2 years , but it has to be returned to a B&D ; service center , then they will determine if it was mis-used or not , then they determine if they will repair or replace , then you still have to pay shipping both ways -LRB- nearest repair center is 50 miles away for me -RRB- . Inconvenient and going to cost more money just to get the same thing back.B & D ; lost my future business on this one . I 'm going shopping for another electric , corded trimmer , but it will not be a B&D ; .
 I have the updated version with the orange cap and for the first few months it worked great . But , about six to eight months into owning this trimmer a .98 cent piece of plastic in the spindle broke , costing me 11 bucks to get it shipped . And , to top it off something in the spindle has stripped so the spool has no power to cut grass , there 's a loud whine that was n't there before , and it simply is not worth the time and more money , and effort to get this unmitigated piece of junk fixed . A bad design all around , you ca n't even find an aftermarket spool to fit .
 I took the original with the malfunctioning spool back to HD and traded it in for the same model with the revised spool at no cost . Good for HD . Two years of light use later the belt shaft drive pulley melted . Stupidly the belt is only 1/2 the width of the pulley . So much product these days is just crap , including this trimmer . Zero stars .
 My yard is n't very big and this trimmer still could n't handle it . All the gears had melted . Everything about this trimmer is cheap.Don ' t do it unless you have a really really small yard with short grass to cut .
 I have owned this trimmer for six months , and am disappointed in the design . While there have been no mechanical failures , and the conversion from horizontal trimming to vertical trimming -LRB- edging -RRB- is easy , I do not like the automatic line feed feature . The machine feeds line more often than necessary , causing the need for frequent spool changes , which are a bit pricey -LRB- around $ 9.00 each ! -RRB- In addition , when the line feeds , there is no notice , of course , and the machine often gouges a big chunk of grass , especially when edging . I would prefer a machine that I would need to bump , after using this one . All-in-all , not a good design .
 Used this trimmer for about 8 months before finally busting it open on my driveway in a fit of rage after it tore into my shins one too many times . I swear I spent more time applying band aids -LRB- yeah I know , long pants ... -RRB- and trying to get the line to feed properly than I did weed eating.Not only is it poorly designed from a shin saving standpoint but even when it feeds line properly -LRB- infrequent -RRB- it uses the .80 line like crazy . Sure , it has plenty of power and can cut through nearly anything , but the strong motor does n't make up for the poor design and safety deficiencies . The best thing I can say about the `` grass hog '' is that as a string trimmer it 's decent but extremely hard to control - it kept digging in and wanting to cut way more than I needed . As an edger it 's flat out terrible and leaves pieces of line all over my yard and street.A real piece of garbage -LRB- literally -RRB- . I destroyed it rather than sell it on Craigs to some unsuspecting guy with weak shins . AVOID THIS PRODUCT .
 I have two big compliants with this product.First , the automatic feed mechanism does not work . I tried pulsing the trigger to vary the centripetal force ... did n't work . I tried allowing the spindle to come to a complete stop and then accelarate it again ... did n't work . I tried tilting the head at different angles to see if I could get gravity to help some ... did n't work . The only thing that actually worked was to take the spindle cap off and then lift and rotate the spindle manually and then put the cap back on . Too bad that takes forever.Second , after my third use it quit working altogether . I pulled the trigger and I could hear the motor spin , but the head did n't rotate . I opened the device and observed that one of the plastic pieces that the belt attaches to was mangled badly probably from a combination of overheating and friction with the casing and belt.I have one big praise . 7.2 amps * 120 volts = 864 watts = 1.16 horsepower . But , personally I think the engineers have figured out how to tap into some mysterious energy source because that motor is truly awesome for its size . I 'll trash everything else , but I 'm keeping that motor . I 'll find some clever use for it somewhere .
 I bought this in the spring and have used it 3 times . This is the second time using it along my driveway and it quit working half way . The motor turns but the end does n't . I guess I 'm not surprised that a $ 70.00 weed eater is a piece of junk , I was hoping it would make it to the end of the summer before I threw it out . I too would like to avoid another 2 cycle machine but I have to find something better than this ! I find some of the reviews hilarious ... for small farm work ... are you serious ? I would n't recommend this for any reason . It is cheap junk !
 I am astounded that any consumer products company would sell such a worthless item . Never again will I purchase from this manufacturer . What a joke . My expereince backs up the bad reviews you already see . Very reckless and irresponsible for the CEO of B&D to not pull the product period .
 Out of the box this string trimmer seemed like the cream of the crop . It is nicely balanced and very easy to operate . The dual string head doubles the cutting power over all single string trimmers I have owned . I was so impressed that I could n't help `` selling '' my neighbor on getting one . The good review in Consumer Reports magazine was yet another reason for me to purchase this trimmer . However , like an idiot , what I failed to heed were all the negative reviews listed right here in Amazon.com which is precisely where I purchased the unit in April of 2008 . The unit only preformed during one season and a short dry one at that . I barely used the trimmer during season one , given the dry summer and slow grass growth . So when the 2009 growing season began I was excited about using my prize trimmer again , only to have it fail after just three uses ! Apparently the flexible shaft that links the motor to the head has become detached , broken or otherwise malfunctioned . The motor spins freely while the string does n't move at all . This prompted me to search for a way to contact Black & Decker which I have yet managed to do . I did located a repair shop that was listed under warranty information -LRB- two years -RRB- but they are two states and a 150 mile round trip away from me.My suggestion is that you read all of the reviews and do n't ignore the many negative reviews in here . These folks , as I now realize , have learned the hard way what a POS product this Black & Decker Grass Hog GH1000 really is . Shame on Consumer Reports for not giving us a better heads up on the reliability of this trimmer . By the way , I have returned to using to an old heavy cumbersome slow cutting Sunbeam string trimmer that is at least 20 years old , has never failed to operate properly and patiently waited to be pressed into service again .
 Thank goodness for Lowes ... they took back my trimmer after over a year of headaches ... they should rename the product ... LineHog .
 I 've used all types of string trimmers over the course of the last 25 years . About a month ago , I decided to get a new trimmer , so I cracked open the Consumers 's Report and noticed that this one was very highly rated . Good enough , I thought , so I ran down to the local big box lumber store and bought one . However , I should have researched deeper and read the user 's reviews at Consumer Report and also here at Amazon . They tell the real story . In my opinion , Consumer Reports really missed it on this one.It cuts great . It has more than enough power . The trouble is the self-feeding line feature that sloughs off line at an incredible rate . This is not adjustable . A good 3 to 4 minutes is all that the fully loaded reel will last . The large chunks of wasted line being cut off and slung is dangerous and will sting through jeans and break the skin if shorts are worn .
 I bought this a few years ago and hate it . It goes through a spool with every use . It does not feed line automaticly . I both a gas and I 'm much happier . Go with gas , you will be much happier , and with the less spools , I buy , it is a lot cheaper .
 I bought the Black and Decker GH1000 for my wife . It worked ok but the feed mechanism did n't seem to work right and it felt unbalanced so her arms got tired . She only trims grass edges for 5-10 minutes and does n't do any heavy work with it . After 4 or 5 uses it stopped working . Took it apart and the belt had slipped off the plastic gear . Belt seemed to have melted onto the gear . Put it back on and noticed that it was cheaply made with nearly everything made of plastic . Then after another minute of use -LRB- was more like 20 seconds -RRB- it stopped working again . This time when I took it apart the belt had broken . It 's in the trash bin.I threw it away and went and bought a Stihl electric trimmer . What a difference . It uses .80 instead of .65 line which cuts much longer without dying . It is really balanced and very easy to use . Feed works smoothly and there is a nifty hook to hold on to the extension so it does n't disconnect all the time . Made in USA ! More expensive but worth it . In five years I would have to buy 20 of the BD .
 Took it out of the box and used it for 15 minutes . The thread spooler stopped spinning . I 'm not going to bother taking it apart to look inside after seeing the comments about the plastic gear . Plastic Gear - who designs like that ? It 's going back today .
 Wear eye protection , long pants and hang on tight . Lots of power but control is difficult . Bought it last September , have used it 7 or 8 times , now motor runs but trimer does n't spin . This seems to be a common problem , a real piece of junk . I just used it for very light duty work , purchased to replace an old Sears trimmer that was about 25 years old . Now I am back to using that old Sears trimmer which is a little bulky and is n't as fancy looking but still does the job . Update , I took it apart , rubber drive belt was shredded and plastic gear on drive assembly was partially melted , cheap componets and poorly constructed . Watch for screw fastener hidden under decal , it makes dissassmbly a minor challange .
 What happened to the days when a B&D ; product lasted forever ? I still have B&D ; tools my grandfather bought 30 years ago that work fine.Not so with this product.I have a very small yard . On each of the first 2 uses , I had similar issues as other reviewers with the cap popping off and having to re-wind the spool . Yesterday , this happened repeatedly ... again ... and about a half-hour into the trimming , the entire mechanism holding the spool just fell off . Upon closer inspection , this product generated heat sufficient enough to melt both the safety guard AND the plastic teeth on the spinning portion of the trimmer . It melted through the plastic , and the subsequent spinning `` mushed '' the entire gearing out of the spindle ... it 's a perfectly round opening now with a splatter pattern of melted plastic around it . Basically , it self-destructed . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS TRIMMER!This one was the `` expensive '' replacement for a B&D ; trimmer/edger that I bought 2 summer ago . I got 1 1/2 summers out of the $ 25 model -LRB- which , amusing enough , also `` lost it 's head '' ... which rolled down a sewer drain before I got to it , so I do n't know if it melted through as well -RRB- . I thought `` that 's what I get for buying the cheapest model ... I upgrade to a better one . `` Apparently the cost does n't improve the product ... I 'd have been better off with another cheap one.Never thought a B&D ; product would be `` disposable . `` Very disappointing .
 With only five minutes of use the line case cracked and line went everywhere . The working end is of a low grade plastic that can not withstand serious use . I would not have purchase this product knowing that the working end was made of a low grade material .
 -LRB- Update
 Wow . I really wish I had read some of these reviews before buying this at a local hardware store . This is a dangerous piece of junk . The first time I used it I was wearing shorts . Ok , that was not all that bright ; but I did not expect the auto line feeder to try and cut off my legs at the shins . This thing goes through the line quick , and when it gets to about half way through the line , it starts endlessly feeding more line until either the spindle is empty , the cover and spindle fly off , or you are dead . I ended up with about a dozen bleeding welts on my shins.Thought I must have done something wrong , so I reloaded with a fresh b & d ; cartridge , put some jeans on -LRB- i am not THAT dumb -RRB- , and tried again . Same results , except no welts and no blood . I was very glad I was wearing sunglasses though as I got hit in the face by pieces of line twice . At this point my back yard was showing bits and pieces of green line all over the place.I wonder how many people this thing has seriously injured?Not that it needs saying , but avoid this product at all costs . $ 70 competely wasted , and two months later I still have a couple of scars on my shins .
 I bought this yesterday and did only my small front lawn cutting a few areas of heavy weeds and the other taller grass that the mower would have a problem with . Toward the end of that time , I smelled something burning , and the reel started smoking . This was after it flew off 3 times and had to be re-wound . Even with careful rewinding , it seems to catch and get jammed in the automatic feeder . I exchanged it for a new one to see if I could at least get my back yard under control with it , but based on the previous review , it sounds like this will go back anyway .
 Here 's what happened within my first hour using this product
 I bought this trimmer at my local Home Depot . This morning I attempted to edge approximately 30 feet of my driveway and walkway area . I had to stop and fix the automatic spool feeder no less than 7 times ... 7 TIMES ! Black and Decker should take better care of their customers and test their products more thoroughly . Thankfully my Home Depot store was willing to give me a store credit and they can deal with Black & Decker . I never will again .
 line feed never worked well . I bought it on the recommendations of consumer reports . It is powerful but I spent more time trying to load the line as it never auto fed as advertised . The casing holding the line cracker . it is difficult to edge properly with this tool.I returned it.joe
 Purchased last summer . After less than one year of moderate use , something snapped . Took it apart to find that rubber from th drive belt was cooked on the drive gear to the point that the belt rode over the edge of the drive pulley and came off . Price to fix myself is half the cost of a new one . Not first B & D item with problems in recent years . Will be looking for a different brand , no more B & D anything .
 I WAS hopeful . It IS well-balanced and feels good in the hand . Thought I would enjoy using it but it was n't to be . After struggling with installing the plastic guard , I went to work edging along the driveway . Immediately the line began to feed and I thought ` this MIGHT work ' and then it stopped feeding . This after about 20 seconds . One end of the string was broken somewhere inside and the other about 1 '' out . Would no longer feed . Frustrated , I tossed it to the lawn and saw the plastic shield tear . I just did n't feel like having to babysit this feed mechanism . I realize it was designed to sell the high-profit consumable and I would have accepted that IF IT HAD WORKED . This is a REALLY bad item and again proves B&D are not to be trusted . I think it wise to pair that trademark with adjectives `` cheap '' and `` unreliable . '' B&D obviously KNEW it was n't a functional design yet they offer for sale to us anyway . Mine went back . This is my second B&D bad experience so I 'm going to avoid them forever .
 The worst piece of equipment from B&D. ; It uses too much line , line cuts and flies everywhere in big chunks . I used three spools for a small yard , which with the old B&D ; used to use one spool every three or four yard work ! I guess they are trying to sell their expensive spools!Now the motor works but the head stopped turning ! It is only 3 months old and they want me to send it in at my expense . Sure , it cost more to send it . Guess where it goes now , yes the trash can . I will but another brand that works !
 This trimmer cut really well for about five minutes until the cap and spool fell off which was reapeated about every five minutes from then on . The only thing that engages the spool to spin is a tiny plastic pin on a rocker . After about twenty minutes , this pin broke off and now the trimmer is worthless without this .2 cent part that you can not buy anywhere .
 Like another reviewer , I wish I had read other people 's reviews before buying the Grasshog GH1000 . Same problems - the end cap repeatedly flew off , went through string like water AND -LRB- worst of all -RRB- , it failed within two weeks ! Motor spins , no action at the string end . I opened it up and found the belt had broken AND the teeth on the large plastic gear that attaches to the drive shaft had basically melted at one end so that replacing the belt would n't accomplish anything . The local B&D service center does n't sell string trimmer parts , so I checked on-line . The belt is $ 2-something , shipping is $ 7 BUT they do n't sell the plastic gear as a separate part . It 's exactly 90 days now and -LRB- after reading these reviews -RRB- I 'm taking it back to the store and demand a refund - screw the two-year warranty .
 Powerful when it worked , but five minutes of use and the line stopped coming out . My wife and I spent hours with the manual -LRB- which incorrectly depicts some of the contours of the machine -RRB- and could never get it to work correctly . The spool would either flake out or the plastic cover would pop off and go flying every 1-2 minutes.Completely worthless . I wasted hours with this product and got a total of about 20 feet of trimming and maybe 30 square feet of long grass cut . I could be wrong , but it SEEMS like -LRB- unless mine and the others posted here are just unusual lemons -RRB- either
 Ergomically , this thing is great
 This product is powerful but has three serious flaws , one of which resulted in a recall The string trimmer hub can become detached and cause injury . The automatic string feed does not work well The drive belt breaks , and is hard to replace Save the $ 70 and spend it on a different make and model
 I thought I was doing a good thing by getting one with automatic spool and a stronger motor . I was wrong , this machine worked for a full 10 mins before it came apart . I went back and exchanged it two more times before I gave up . I should of read the reviews , before I bought one .
 Being an engineer , I ` m amazed when a product is sold with such glaring design flaws . In general , this is a well-designed weed trimmer save for the last three inches at the business end , which completely flunks lunch.On the positive side , it 's a well-balanced tool , and seems adequately robust for a lightweight trimmer . I did n't sense the motor was ever bogging down , or in danger of overheating.Now the negative ... Like others on this post , I 've spent more time looking for the plastic cap on the string spooler than using the tool . It constantly flew off , and the whole spool assembly burrowed into the weeds . After the third disintegration , I lost the cap for good until I stumbled on it the next morning 25 feet from where I lost it . 5 more minutes , and it was again lost to the ether . -LRB- later found ~ 40 feet away -RRB- Back to the store , and , after looking at other models , I walked away with a second Grasshog , figuring I had a spare cap still somewhere in the yard.I lost the cap for the replacement three times , but managed to find it each time . I then modified it by adding a sliding shim behind the clips for the cap . This was successful , but ... After 20 minutes , and 5 rethreadings , the autofeed failed . Taking the cap off , I found a little brass bushing , that was part of the centrifugal feed lever , loose in the housing , and the plastic nubbin it was intended to be part of , worn down to nothing.My advice to B&D ; , Field test your equipment before putting it on the market , and replace this string spool with something that works , and you 'll have a good little tool.My advice to you , find another trimmer until B&D ; figures out that good design should apply to the entire tool .
 The twine kept getting tangled in the motor housing . The last time it tangled I was not able to untangle it - even the gentleman at Ace Hardware could not untangle it . I did not purchase this trimmer online , but fortunately the ACE Hardware where I purchased it allowed me to return it for a full refund . I had only had the trimmer for 5 days , used it for maybe 4 hours . Very dissatisfied with the product . Black and Decker needs to address the issue with this product .
 It worked OK for a while but getting replacement parts is awful . As long as what you want is a trimmer for $ 50 or so that needs to be replaced annually , this is your trimmer . No one stocks the guard/cutter unit . Trying to figure out which trimmer you have is like trying to figure out who made the nickel in your pocket . These guys are a text book example of what is screwed up with American manufacturing . Or perhaps , what is wrong with American marketing .
 I regret purchasing the GH1000 Grass Hog . The dual cutting cord makes it difficult to neatly trim close to edging and sidewalks without scalping the lawn . I have not yet had to load new cord but I expect that to be much more difficult that with the single cutting line models .
 Very disappointed with this piece of junk . I have used it about 5 times . At first the line would not feed enough . Now it goes through a whole spool of line in a few minutes . Very poor line-feed function . This machine is going into the trash pile , and I am off to buy a trimmer that actually works .
 This was unfortunately bought for me to replace my trusty older Grasshog -LRB- that worked like a charm -RRB- , and after having to use it roughly three times . Just thought I 'd reiterate whats already been said here.-Automatic Feeder . Does n't work . Plain and simple . You 'll spend more time re-spooling the line then actually trimming your yard.-Powerful , almost too powerful . Makes it hard to do any real edging with it , and it 's damn near impossible to control at high speeds.-Like having cuts on your legs ? Then this is the product for YOU!On the plus side , my motor has n't died yet!Avoid like the plague .
 I have tried to use this trimmer 3 times now . The first time , when one of the strings got caught and would not advance , the other continued to advance , then broke off and cut my leg . The second time , when the one string ran out , the other continued to advance , then broke off and hit me in the face . The last time -LRB- I bought a new spool and gave it one more chance -RRB- , the autofeed kept advancing until I ran out of string
 This item is not worth 10 cents . Bought one at Home Depot . Broke in 10 minutes caused by a cheap plastic drive gear that burns up the minute you get in tall grass and put a load on it . Complained and they did send me another . Same story . Whatever happened to `` made in America '' and made to last . Never buy Black and Decker again . rw
 We bought the Black and Decker Grasshog XP based on the amperage and power last fall 2010 . What I did n't realize was that this is the most troublesome piece of crap I have ever put in my garage and lawn . You CONSTANTLY have to replace the spindle , rewinding and feeding forEVER . I usually could get four minutes of trouble free trimming until the spindle would quit feeding line . B&D ; 's `` revolutionary '' feeding system is just that ... enough to cause a revolution to another trimmer maker . I first used the B&D ; refill , which is WAYYYY overpriced at $ 8 - $ 10 a spindle . It does not have much line , and you go through it fast -LRB- when its not tripping up on itself and not feeding -RRB- . Buying and winding your own produces even worse results -LRB- I am sure B&D ; customer service would suggest to buy their crap -RRB- . All in all , one of the worst lawn products I have EVER owned in 30 years . Black and Decker will NO LONGER be allowed in or around my house . We will just toss this piece of crap into the garbage -LRB- I wouldnt even take it to Goodwill -RRB- , and buy a quality product . Black and Decker you have lost a customer FOREVER .
 This thing seemed like it would be pretty convenient - no gas to deal with , big enough for our tiny yard . And by tiny , I mean it takes me 30-45 minutes to mow it with a simple reel mower . So , not exactly a heavy duty job for a weed whacker.Well , it lasted for the summer of ' 08 , got put away for the winter , then came out again for May of ' 09 . I got two weekends worth out of it , then it crapped out.Figuring it was far past any warranty coverage , I unplugged it and opened it up with a screw driver . Inside , there 's a fist-sized electric motor with a metal gear . A belt connects the metal gear to a plastic gear . The plastic gear drives a cable , which in turn drives the weed whacker spool.The rubber belt had melted the plastic gear.So ... yeah . The belt , the metal gear , and the motor are all fine . But the plastic gear which actually drives the weed whacker string ... melted . After probably less than 12 hours of usage.It 's a cheap weed whacker and it did a good job for 12 hours . So , go ahead and buy this one if you want a disposable yard tool
 Very powerful but the auto feed string feature does not work . You will have to stop every few feet and release more string . -LSB- ... -RSB- I bought this POS . Black and Decker has become a horrible company , buy a trimmer from someone else . I also recommend checking their site to see what other companies who used to sell quality are now selling junk . http://www.bdk.com/contact.htm
 I bought this trimmer 2 months ago . -LRB- It was manufactured in 2007 , and was not subject to the recall that affected older versions . -RRB- On first use it seemed good overall - good ergonomics , very powerful . Pulls a bit when the string auto-feeds but once I got used to that it quit getting away from me and gouging the grass.Then in the middle of the 2nd use it started feeding line out uncontrollably with pieces flying everywhere - one of which cut me in the face . We set the trimmer aside a few weeks until my husband -LRB- the only one with strong enough fingers to actually get the spool cap off -RRB- had the time and patience to dig out the manual and work on rethreading it properly . It then worked again correctly for 15 minutes , trimming and edging beautifully . Unfortunately , it failed to feed out more line ; my husband popped the cover off , re-threaded and tried again.At that point it returned to this dangerously out of control mode ; one more threading try failed to fix the problem -- it continued sending pieces flying 30 feet and cutting through it 's own shield.I am now awaiting the call back from Black and Decker 's liability department with instructions for returning the trimmer.With multiple recurring safety issues with this trimmer , I would urge you to choose a different product !
 Avoid this trimmer . I just purchased this unit new . After my first use , I was very disappointed . I went online to check out what I could do to fix the line feeder . I found these Amazon reviews , and am thinking ... `` This thing is going back to the store . `` The two main problems I have experienced with this so called `` fixed '' trimmer are :1 . The line feeds too much . While doing typical grass and weed trimming , the line feeds out so much that I have hundreds of little 1 '' pieces of green line all over my lawn . I used up the stock line spool that came with the trimmer in about 5 minutes .2 . Several times the line fed out so fast that the cutter could not keep up with it . A tangled mass of line was whipping my legs . I had to cut the line and start over.These problems are not user error . This happened with this unit out of the box , with proper line , and proper technique . BTW I have the unit with the orange cover , not the recalled one with the black cover .
 First the trim guard broke and fell off , then it started spinning into the edger mode and wo n't stay in the trim position . Pretty crappy . I was n't even done with the first spool of trim wire before it self destructed .
 Powerful and nice to see .080 '' in an electric trimmer . That being said it is otherwise a total failure . String does not feed and is a nightmare to load . The edging guide is a flimsy worthless effort and at one point became a flying projectile when it got caught in the string . Luckily no one was walking by . I returned it and was told that they had gotten a large portion of these returned .
 Ths trimmer itself is n't bad for what it was designed to do , but there 's a BIG PROBLEM trying to find replacement spools for the $ # @ $ % ^ & % $ # @ ! thing . Home Depot , where I bought the unit , never seems to bother to keep them on hand and of course when you try to describe the item , no one there seems to have the least idea where to look for them -LRB- or even if they have them -RRB- . I 've even tried the B&D ; on-line store and can not find them there , either ! This rather good weed cutting product is about as useless , without a source for obtaining replacement string spools , as a purebred race-horse stud that 's been ` fixed ' . My advice to anyone reading this is , next time you select a product from a company -LRB- no matter how ` great ' it seems to be -RRB- , ALWAYS first determine whether or not you will be able to obtain expendable supplies for it -LRB- i.e. replacement string spools -RRB- without having to suffer the agonies of the damned , as I have . -LSB- I wish I knew who the B&D ; CEO was ... I 'd take my useless string trimmer and put it into extended storage in a certain part of his nether anatomy ! -RSB- Cheers , another victimised ` consumer '
 Well I seem to be like most people on here . I have just used mine twice , once at the end of last summer and I went through a whole spool of nylon line . I figured I could live with that . Well after running it this past weekend I went through 4 spools just to get my yard done . My gas powered trimmer I could do my yard 4 or 5 times before I had to re-spool . Power wise and handling I have no issues , but the only way I would buy another one of these is if I had stock in a nylon line company . Taking mine back to Home Depot this weekend .
 I was very happy with my trimmer for the first several months . I used it a total of about 6 or 7 times . It worked great . Then the plastic spool head cover fatigued . Now I ca n't keep the spool on . The spool cover pops off and line goes flying everywhere . Then I have to chase down the cover - if I can find it .
 I purchased this string trimmer several years ago , but have had problems with the cap flying off , and the spool following right behind it . As a previous reviewer said , half of the time spent trimming was spent looking for the cap and rewinding the double-string spool and trying to get it set up properly again so that both strings would feed out properly . I fixed part of the problem by spray painting the cap fluorescent yellow on both sides so it was visible under shrubs and in the garden , but still wasted a lot of time fiddling with the cap instead of trimming.I requested a recall package from B&D ; , but it took forever for them to send me a kit . FIrst they sent it to the wrong address , then told me they were out of kits , then finally sent me a kit consisting of an orange cap of stiffer plastic and a new spool . My recall kit did not contain a spring that I have seen in other kits -LRB- ? -RRB- . After 2 minutes with the new parts , the cap and spool flew out again , so there was not much improvement . One of the guys who helps with my lawn came up with an idea to use ~ 1/4 '' wide tie wraps inserted in the string slots instead of the string and spool , and it seems to work remarkably well , as long as my supply of tie wraps lasts . But not what I had anticipated when I bought a product with the Black and Decker name .
 Bought this weed whacker a little over a year ago.I really liked the power and maneuverability of it , but soon noticed that the line feeder was kind of tricky . You have to wind the string on really tightly and preferably in a perfect coil . Fortunately I do n't have a lot of stuff to trim around the house , or the constant stops to extricate the string from the spool might have caused me to get a nervous breakdown.However , even when it 's working correctly , it is really annoying to have the line magically pop out an inch , just as you are edging near your favorite little tree , the one with the sensitive bark ... Ouch!Last week it broke . The motor still runs , but the string is not spinning ... I opened it up to see what was wrong & found the plastic gear -LRB- and the belt -RRB- completely shredded.I 'm not a trimmer designer , yet even I would hesitate to use plastic gears to try to transmit this much power!On a positive note , when I called B&D ; they said they 'd send me a new one ! Woo hoo !
 Purchased this after the recall - my unit is not affected by the recall . After about 3 months of light use -LRB- 1-2 hours per month -RRB- the trimmer stopped working . The motor spins , but the string does not . Disassembly shows the same issue that so many others are having - the larger pulley is melted and the belt can not stay on.I suspect that if it 's used for less than 15 minutes for very light trimming per hour , then it may last for more than a few months . I expect that I got about 5-6 total hours out of it , 20-30 minutes each session , which means this tool costs about $ 10 per hour . Definitely not worth it for me , but may be worth it for others.Unfortunately the melted pulley is integrated with the motor unit , so you can not purchase the replacement pulley separately - you have to buy a new motor unit , which was $ 56 when I checked , and after shipping and handling is more expensive than a new trimmer.Advantages
 Mine had less than 3 hours weed-eating on it when I had the same problem everybody else seems to be having
 The trimmer works great until the plastic gear that drives the shaft melts which in my case was about the 20th time I used it . When the gear melts it shreds the drive belt . The belt is $ 3.00 and the gear is $ 53.00 from B&D , plus 10 dollars shipping . This apparently is a known problem with B&D trimmers based on the reviews at a number of different web sites . Anyway , spend your money on a different trimmer .
 The only reason it got a star at all is because no star was not an option . The Grasshog is junk . Like most of us suckers mine broke about the fourth time I used it . Same old story . motor spins at higher RPM because it 's no longer attached to the spindle . Mine rattles . I will not waste my time opening it up . From everything I 've read , it 's obvious . The gear melted , the belt shreaded and broke . I have talked to a person at a service center . He sees it in all of the GH1000 's . It will cost more to fix than it did to purchase because you ca n't buy just the gear . No , you have to buy the whole motor . No more B&D for me . I 'm spending a bit more for quality . I 'm buying a WORX , Lithium . Shame on you B&D . You need a second recall and in not doing the right thing you will now lose many who use to believe in the name .
 I 've used my GH100 three times -LRB- 2 hrs -RRB- and the drive gear has now melted . The hidden screw was a real pain in the neck . I wish I had read all of these other reviews before purchasing but ... it was a Christmas present . I wo n't be buying a new motor just to get the gear . Is the new gear metal or plastic ? Maybe they will take it back since I have had it only since Christmas ' 09 , alas , it has a 2007 date code . Is what they replace it with any better?Howard
 I give it ZERO stars without question!Oh , it 's got power , and it 's light , and versatile . But the danged spool either lets out way too much line , or it gets itself in knots , OR it wo n't feed out . Since I bought this thing last year it 's been nothing but one fist in the air after another . I weed-whack for just a few minutes before I have to sit down and respool it.I got in touch with customer service last year and they sent me a new spool for free , but it 's still the same problem . It HAS to be design flaw . That means , you ca n't fix it , you can just avoid buying it . I HATE this trimmer , and I so rarely use that word because it 's an ugly word ; however the pitfalls heavily outweigh its advantages.DO NOT BUY THIS THING ! :O AAAAARRRRGGGGGHHHHH !!!!!!!
 The rotating head broke on the 2nd or 3rd use . After 4 months of usage the drive mechanism , between the electric motor and the head , failed because of stripped teeth . This is the worst trimmer I 've had among the 4 I 've purchased .
 This is my second GH1000 . Heres the problem
 I am an experienced B&D ; Grasshog user -LRB- this is my 3rd Grasshog product in the past 10 years -RRB- . This is a useless product and a total waste of money ! Here is why :1 . The dual line auto feed system continually gets tangled up inside the unit on the spooler and has be taken apart , untangled , 2 lines rewrapped carefully around the spool and reinstalled in the unit . This problem happens continuously . I have tried different spools of string and all have the same problem .2 . The immense power destroys everything in its path
 Got ours a little over a year ago . First the good
 This trimmer -LRB- newer version without any recalls -RRB- is awful . It was great when new , but just a few months later I can barely trim around our small front lawn without using an entire spool of trimmer line . I 've used more trimmer line in a month than I would in an entire season with the `` old technology '' version . If it snags on anything - look out - you 've just lost about 2 feet of trimmer line . And if you 're edging along a fence , you can count on having to reload the trimmer line by the time you finish one side.It is also very difficult to control and heavier than other corded trimmers we have had in the past .
 I 've used B&D ; tools professionally and personally for decades . When it became necessary to buy a new trimmer to replace the old B&D ; trimmer I gave away to a needy friend -LRB- which worked just fine , thanks -RRB- I did n't hesitate to buy the GH1000 in May of 2010 . BIG MISTAKE ! I should have read the reviews first!You would think that B&D ; , after all these years of experience , would have the design of these things down cold . NOT ! I have a recent version , so the issues noted by early purchasers should not apply.I gave this a decent trial for two months and find that during the course of trimming my entire yard -LRB- roughly 100 x 120 -RRB- , I 'll go through an entire spool of line and have to remove and rewind/reload it a dozen times or more . It does n't seem to matter weather I use the B&D ; pre-wound spool or an aftermarket version , the autofeed mechanism just does n't work right and the line breaks after just a few minutes -LRB- or just a few feet ! -RRB- of use.I do n't have time or money to waste on this product , so I 'm looking for a replacement . Please save yourself the effort and look elsewhere for a trimmer !
 I bought this product at Sears last summer and at first I loved it . It was comfortable to hold because of the balanced handle on top . Although it was like most of these reviews that said the start of the second summer of owning this trimmer the motor would run but the trimmer portion at the end would n't spin . Well I opened it up and saw that the belt was still in decent condition , but came loose . I 'm not a mechanic so bare with me on the miss use of terminology , but the belt was connected to 2 gears -LRB- or pulleys ? -RRB- . One was metal and the other was plastic . I was able to work the belt back on and after the pain of putting it back together it ran for 2 seconds before it came loose again . So I took it back apart and noticed that the plastic gear or wheel was melted and had some play in it . So I put the belt back on and just hand turned it and after about 3 or 4 turns it fell off . That was the problem and this is a defect based on the amount of reviews say this.Black and decker designed this trimmer very well but it put some plastic parts in it where it should 've been metal . I 've noticed from other reviews it lasted only a summer which is at least consistant since that is how long it lasted me . So if you 're looking for a trimmer that will only last a summer before you have to buy another one then I would recommend this one . Next time I will read the reviews before I buy another trimmer . I do n't think I 'll buy another black and decker trimmer though !
 i have had this trimmer for 6 mos . and the spool cover cap wore out . -LRB- which is quite normal on trimmers -RRB- Black and Decker kept telling me that the part -LRB- $ 1.25 retail on their website -RRB- was on back order for 2 weeks . Then 1 month , and now -LRB- this is 15th of July , 08 -RRB- they will not be available until Jan. ' 09 !!! Customer service told me nothing they could do , except i could order an entire replacement head , which with shipping & handling would cost almost as much as a new trimmer , which I am going to buy , but it will certainly not be a Black & Decker !
 I bought this from a national retailer last October based on the very high rating from Consumer Reports -LRB- it 's highest rated corded string trimmer -RRB- . It was only used once that fall . I got it out again this spring and used it a few times until it broke . The motor would run at high speed , but the trimmer would n't spin . I took it apart and found that the belt had melted one of the parts . This made it so that the belt would n't stay in place and would slip off . So , basically , I was able to use it 4 or 5 times and then it broke . Since it 's well past the 90 day return , I 'll either have to work with B&D warranty , or toss it in the trash . This is the same problem that others have reported in the reviews here . This is a completely unreliable product . Do not buy it .
 I have owned the Grass Hog XP since last year and I have one main complaint
 I purchased one of these useless grasshogs thru Amazon in May of 07 . Bottom line - the `` automatic '' feed system is n't - it does n't function . I complained , and they sent me replacement parts . I installed them . No improvement . Save your money - and grief .
 I bought GH1000 and had to return it after first -LRB- !!! -RRB- use . GH600 seems to have the exact same two problems :1 . The metalic shaft sways freely left and right . It 's loose at the button that allows to change from horizontal to vertical orientation . Top of the shaft would sway just a little bit , but head -LRB- the far part with the string -RRB- would sway much more , in sudden jumps , making straight cut very hard to do , keeping me in great tension all along . I checked more B&D ; GH trimmers at the store - all had swaying shafts . Beware .2 . As many others have noted , the string melts in the casing and then feeds too fast , and then none at all
 This product should not be on the market . It has a major safety issue . I was just a few minutes into my first session when the HUB CAP and SPOOL went flying across the yard . Retrieved the parts , a quick inspection and reassembly , I was ready to give it another try . I think I set new state record for flying spools . After about six attempts , I pulled the plug ... RIP . Please do not buy this product . It should be recalled ... thanksBlack & Decker Grass Hog XP 14-Inch 7.2 Amp Electric String Trimmer/Edger #GH 1000
 I have had the same problems as the majority of other reviewers . The spool comes apart and flies off under normal use . This means that most of your time is spent rewinding the line back onto the spool . It used the entire plastic wire supply trimming about 300 sq. ft. of thin weeds . On its second outing the small plastic post controlling the wire feed broke . I was searching for replacement parts but after finding all of these negative reviews I will not bother . It will go in the trash and I will look for something better .
 The device functions very well UNTIL it runs up againststalky weeds . The string appears to wrap around the stem and the cvap and spool flies apart . The cover plate takes an unknown flight and a search must be started . Some means be devised to establish a tighter clasping arrangement for this cover to prevent this `` coming apart '' from occuring . Plenty of power and the correction of this problem would provide a very good trimmer .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!! There is a recall regarding the potential of fire hazard . But that is just the beginning . Parts come flying when used under normal conditions . You will find your self spending more time putting the line cap compartment together , than doing the actual trimming . Home Depot replaced my unit with another of the same kind and the story was the same ... failure . Frustrated with the lack of responses to my calls to B & D customer service , and their strategy to make it sound as if they do n't know about this failure , I just left it in the corner of my garage . I went to a flea market , got me a small , used Toro and that unit has been so reliable , it made me forget about the so called Powerful Grass Hog XP , which is still sitting in its corner looking mighty new , due to lack of use . Finally after four years , my little Toro died this past weekend and I thought I 'd give the Grass Hog one last opportunity and boom !!!! Parts go flying in the air within the first few seconds of running . But I will not remain quiet this time . I will do my best to get as high as I can in the ladder , to get B&D to replace this JUNK !!!
 This is a terrible product . Do n't buy it . I spent more time taking the spool off and pulling the string out than i did actually weedeating . The spool was very difficult to remove . It was a total hassle . Took 4 times longer than it should have to complete a job . I eventually got so frustrated I just threw it away . This product was a joke !
 Whatever happened to the great corded-electric string trimmers of the past ? I had two models -- a Craftsman and a Ryobi -- that were rugged , dependable and quite powerful -- they lasted for years . Now they just put these toys and rechargeable ones on the market . Battery power is okay for small jobs , but would you ever get aboard a battery-powered airplane?This is the only corded one I could find ... a total piece of junk.I guess I should have read the reviews carefully -- I thought B & D might have fixed the spool issues.Seems powerful , but the line kept breaking off inside the spool housing . Once the housing comes off , trimmer line leaps out at you like a spring-loaded snake . After two tries with the same result ... forget it.I managed to cut a 4 x 9 ' swath before giving up on this.Update
 I bought a GrassHog and got two uses with it before it stopped working . After four fruitless attempts to contact customer service -LRB- once online where I received a form response that did n't help , and three disconnections on the phone -RRB- I gave up . I used to be a great Black & Decker fan , but this was the last straw . I earlier had to replace a useless power vacuum that burned out.Since I was n't getting any help on line or by phone , I dismantled the Grasshog to find that the plastic gear had been worn smooth . The teeth were totally worn ... after only two uses ! Who makes a plastic gear on a `` heavy duty '' grass trimmer ? I strongly urge you to stay away from this product and I urge Black & Decker to go back to making products that work .
 This thing will break after a few times under normal use . My broke while in warranty , which means that they will send me a replacement so it will work a few more times before it breaks again.UPDATE
 Do you want a really powerful trimmer that will flail your legs while spooling off all of the string in about 15 minutes ? Do you want a really powerful trimmer that grabs the ground and cuts your grass right to the roots no matter how firmly you hold it ? Do you want a trimmer that requires good hearing protection to prevent deafness ? This , then , is the one for you . Apparently the designer has never heard of speed control because this unit has none ; it just screams at full speed all the time that it is on . I did n't bother with the fix it because no fix it kit is going to fix all the things that are wrong with this trimmer . It 's going into the garbage today and you can bet my next one wo n't be from B&D .
 The Auto Spool is Junk ! After spending hours working on the spool line , I fixed it one last time and sold it at the yard sale . I had only used it for one season -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . If the line spool does not work right then who cares about the power of the motor .
 I guess Consumer Reports is no substitute for actual long-term user reviews . At the time I shopped for mine , last year , it was the best in its class . And it did do a great job , right up until last week when the belt and plastic gear melted and fused together , which is apparently not a rare problem on this trimmer . I ca n't see buying the whole motor assembly just to have this happen again , so I guess it 's time to throw it out and shop for a replacement . This time , the Amazon reviews will be consulted first.Real nice power , though , while it lasted , so I 'll allow it two stars .
 The line constantly binds and does n't feed even with the pre wound that B & D sells . Then 8 uses later on grass and dirt , the bottom of the reel wears out and you ca n't get it at the hardware store where you bought it.My cool looking Grass Hog is , after 2 months of light use now in the land fill . Even Good Will realizes its short cumin 's and would n't take it .
 My first Black and Decker trimmer burned out after about five uses . I liked the large swath it cut so bought another GH1000 . It was used twice and is now in the trash . In both cases the fibre belt slips around the plastic drive gear , heats it up and the gear melts . Did not send in the warranty registration because they wanted many , many questions answered about everything from `` do I own a dog ? '' to `` is this for weight control '' and written in microtype light grey ink on trash paper . In my opinion -LRB- as a retired engineer -RRB- this thing is a real piece of junk . Do n't be a sucker .
 NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS SINCE I PURCHASED IT THE SPOOL COVER POPS OFF FLYS VERY VERY DANGEROUS ... THE AUTOMATIC FEED DOESNT WORK AFTER A A COUPLE OF USES ... THE GUARD COMES OFF WITH VIBRATION THE SCREWS DO NOT HOLD IT DOWN ... THE SPOOL HEATS UP AND DOESNT ALLOW THE LINE TO FEED IT MAKES IT STICK TO EACH OTHER . . SAVE YOUR MONEY GO WITH A GAS MODEL AND FIND A UNIVERSAL TRIMMER HEAD THAT SUITS YOUR NEEDS . ALSO THIS MACHINE HAS A RECALL
 The GH1000 appeared to be the best bargain in the search . A $ 170 trimer for $ 69 plus shipping . Upon receiving the product and the minor assembly required , it was plugged in and ready to go . For almost two minutes it worked perfectly ... then nothing.The GH1000 was exchanged through Amazon.com and the second one arrived within a week . This one would n't even start . I checked the cord by plugging in another tool , and the second tool worked fine . So , the GH1000 was returned for a refund . But that 's not the end of the review.Still needing a trimmer , I rechecked the retail stores and their web sites for prices . Four different stores had the same product , same price -LRB- $ 69 -RRB- and no shipping . Guess which one I did n't purchase .
 I have the updated model that does not have the defect - and it is still an awful , awful , awful product . I would bet money that the `` good '' reviews are from B&D marketing folks trying to save face on their investment in the product . It is junk .
 nothing but problems , now the string wo n't stay on . what the hell happen to american made last forever , I know it went to China !!!!! Just like sears was for life now it 's buy the extended warranty ...
 Spray bottle was broken and leaking . Even though it was packaged in a plastic bag it leaked and I had other items within the same package . Not very smart
 Perhaps I misunderstood and this product should only be used to winter-proof plants ? The label does not specify seasonal usage . I thought it would protect broad leaf plants from the hot , dry summer weather . However , I sprayed it on my hydrangea bush as directed and it about killed all of the leaves and turned the flowers brown also . Obviously I would n't be using it to winter proof a hydrangea since they loose their leaves in the winter . Not going to try it on anything else in any season at all .
 I find these clippers to be OK - the battery holds its charge longer than the earlier B&D model . However , the clipper is n't particularly good , requires multiple passes over an area to trim it .
 The piece I ordered was changed to one that would not fit . I called black and decker , they said it would not work even though the instructuions that came with it said it would .
 The pole was made with an angle that makes it too hard to work with . It is definitely uncomfortable , that 's why I chose to put it away and keep on working with the shear/shrubber by itself .
 The product works when the wheels stay on , which is not for long . I can not believe that they do not have some way to fasten them to the axle that would allow it to work . Otherwise , it is a pretty good machine . But without the wheels - useless .
 This product is so bad I do n't know where to begin.Forget the wheels . . can not be `` snapped on '' . Once handle is inserted into clipper and plugged in , only works intermittently , if at all . Gave up after several attempts and then was not able to remove handle from clipper . It 's a mess .
 This extension handle does what it is intended to do . Unfortunately , the shear/shrubber for which it is designed to use is a worthless due to its lack of cutting ability . Black & Decker makes a lot of poor quality items but my experience is that the shear/shrubber is among the worst which makes this extension useless .
 I bought the handle before the cutter . The handle does what it should but the cutter is rubbish and barely cuts grass , a small twig hardly as thick as the grass defeats it .
 This tool makes the top five useless tools I have ever purchased . As far as I can see , there are no defects , it just does n't have enough power to cut anything heavier than a couple of blades of grass . I guess I will stick with the string wackers and put up with the occasionally `` missing '' flower .
 One of the wheels would n't stay on , so I had to return it for a new one ... but the same thing was wrong with that one also . The idea was good , but B&D blew it on this product .
 Shears did n't lock well onto extension handle . I wound up duct taping . Really . Then the `` on '' buttons on the extension handle worked 50 % of the time plus the power of the shears was diminished when it did work . I checked and the power connection was tight . All in all , I am VERY disappointed in the quality of this product while I like my trimmer/shears .
 This handle is a good idea but worthless . The wheels fall off , the triggers to make it run are hard to hold and it does n't hold the clippers at a comfortable angle . I finally took it off , used the clippers without the handle and did my yardwork in half the time .
 The concept of the extension handle is great , but no matter what I try I ca n't get the wheels to stay on the axle . I have tried pushing hard , even gluing , but as soon as you put it on the ground and try to roll it , the wheels fall off . So it is totally useless for the expected purpose . They need to either but screws on the axle and the wheels , or provide a more secure meth9d of attaching the wheels , such as putting holes on the axle and use cotter pins .
 This really sounded great because I use my battery operated clippers a lot and even edge with them . I thought it would be great to be able to &#34; push them along &#34; , but ... . First , it sits too high from the ground to tackle edging and quite frankly , what else would you use it for . Also , the wheels will not stay on . I 've tried everything and after pushing a few feet , one will fall off . After a few tries at using this handle , I 've thrown it in the corner of garage , it 's useless to me .
 this is poorly constructed . it did not attach as it should and the parts would not stay on . I would not recommend it .
 Maybe it 's because I am short , but the handle on this thing is just the wrong size ! It makes me hold one arm/elbow or another at a very uncomfortable angle , in order to hold the button down while trimming . I am NOT using the wheels , but trying to trim more like a weedwacker.I would Not Recommend this for below average sized men or women .
 I received an extension handle that was broken and would not lock to continue running . The orange pc the tool snaps onto was outside of its slot and I had to file it down and then force it in with a screwdriver and hammer . One interior -LRB- black pc -RRB- flange was busted off so the trimmer tool flips to one side . I have to order another one because I am a 62 yr old , disabled Grandma and do not have full use of my hands . The Black & Decker tools themselves are great , but someone sent me a returned handle extension and not what was advertised as being new . Disgusted with the ripoff artist .
 The idea is GREAT ! Now how do I get the little wheels to stay on ?? The switches work well and the handle is comfortable , but the wheels keep falling off .
 The safety for the triger is very hard to use and the wheels keep coming off
 It works great as to not having to get on your knees or bend over to trim the edges , but the handle is not very sturdy as you have to slide the shears into the handle . It fell off more than once . It would be much better if it had some way to `` lock '' it in place .
 I feel this has a lot of potential.I have n't been able to keep the wheels on it yet . and the grass was to rank at thistime of year to work good . Need a lock nut to keep the wheels on it and have nicenew fresh grass to make it work . I will hopefully find a lock nut for the wheels andenjoy it this spring .
 This is close to being a piece of junk . It discharges very quickly , has no power , barely cuts anything bigger than 1/16th of an inch .
 I bought one of these through Amazon a couple of years ago . The batteries in it lasted less than a year before giving out . I 'm very familiar with how to properly take care of NiCd batteries -- use them until they run down then charge them up all the way in one sitting , but do n't leave them plugged into the charger . They still did n't last . For the amount I was using it , that was maybe six charges total .
 I purchased this tool because I have quite a few small boxwoods that I need to trim . I thought a small shrubber like this would be great , especially since it is cordless . However , the slow cutting speed makes it inadequate for the job , and the battery makes it quite heavy , not ideal when you have more than a few shrubs to trim . I am using my manual hedge shears again.Only buy this for very light work .
 not good for general use , if you already have a long one , and really have tiny bushes to trim , you can buy one as a plus .
 Poor product.I have a few small boxwood shrubs and some holly bushes . I expected this trimmer to quickly trim these branches , this trimmer is worthless . I had to use my hand shears and I plan to buy an electric trimmer to get the job done next time !
 I may have used this item a total of 10x before it no longer charged ... went around the house plugging it in various sockets ... nothing ! My short-lived usage of it was very disappointing because fully charged the blades were slow . Do n't waste your hard earned money !
 Cuts just fine.Battery ran out after cutting a little over three bushes . These were somewhat small bushes about a two and a half foot diameter shrub.I imagine a corded one would have been a more suitable choice since all of these bushes were near my front porch and I could have easily ran an extension cord . I just bought it because I was on a cordless kick with a blower , edger and mower.I think my main complaint about all of these devices is the battery time or power . This one was the time . Power was sufficient .
 I purchased this last year thinking how this was so versatile and useful to have shears and trimmer in one . This does an excellent job shearing a few blades of grass and that 's it . The hedge attachment gets consistently locked up by even fine limbed bushes.Pros
 I live in Arizona . I tried using these on my landscape plants
 I was disappointed with this purchase as the product would not work at all . While it was not sold as a new item , I expected it to work .
 I LOVE this product however the battery does not hold a great charge . I would buy another one if needed .
 Very disappointed with this product . My trimmer is 4 only 4 years old . The battery will not hold a charge . Tried to find a replacement battery at Lowes - where I purchased it and was told they do n't have that item . We could either travel all over town in search of a battery - at almost $ 4 a gallon I do n't think so - or buy a new product . The new product was almost $ 20 more with 1/2 the voltage . I just went to Home Depot and bought their brand at the same price I paid 4 years ago for the Black and Decker . Shame on B&D for making such poorly made products now . It used to be a brand name you could trust . What a pity that greed took over as head management !
 I used to have a great pair of Black and Decker Clippers/Shears but over the years they disappeared . So I bought these and what a disappointment , they have gone completely dull in on months time . I have bought my last Black and Decker product . Very disappointed . And yes it was very light along the patio cutting.Just a warning ...
 I bought this product against the advice given by the reviewers here at Amazon . I thought a reputable company like `` Black & Decker '' would not make an inferior product . Boy , was I wrong ! This is CRAP . After charging for 16 Hr 's I tried it on some grass around my shed and was shocked to see it does not cut grass . Rather , it traps grass as you pull it out . I was very annoyed at my wasted time to buy this product as well as dissapointed to see a once outstanding American company go the way of almost all American industry . DOWN THE DRAIN . -LRB- 1 star because the site would not allow zero -RRB-
 Unless you are dealing with minimal to no weeds I would not suggest buying this product . I bought this thinking I could save myself time and money using this rather than the traditional weed eaters - no such luck . It wont cut -LRB- I ended up using big household scissors with better results -RRB- In the end I will still have to buy the traditional weed eater . Black and Decker dropped the ball on this one - def . NOT worth the money !
 I 'm only rating this product for cutting grass since I never used the hedger yet . I get frustrated when cutting grass because I have to make about three or four passes over the grass before it cuts all of it . I used to have the Craftman brand cordless shears but the sears I 've been to do n't sell that one anymore . Another thing is that the motor is slow compared to the Craftsman model . It takes me about three times as long to do the same area as the Craftsman . The only thing better is that the battery lasts longer with the black & decker . I hope another company comes out with a comparable one to the Craftsman . FYI
 The shears cut nicely , but only runs 10-12 minutes on a full charge . Not the 30 minutes advertised.I charged it for one week before using and it the first time and it ran 10 minutes.Charged again for 36 hours , and just held it on and it ran 12 minutes . Charged it again for 2 days , and it ran 12 minutes.I am returning it because you can not get any work done when you can only use it 10-12 minutes per day !!! Junk !!!
 This product is weak and it will not cut anything bigger than a blade of grass . I would not recommend this product to trim hedges .
 I bought this item for my mother and we could n't even get it to turn on - NOTHING - we checked everything we could but still nothing - So i returned it and ordered another one - Hopefully that one will work ...
 I wish I did n't have to put any starts because even one is more than it deserves . It can hardly trim a small bush before it starts to lose energy and after a year of this the entire thing ran out of juice . Apparently at that point you have to throw the entire thing away . Stay away . Not worth $ 5 .
 This item was awfull dull , the grass shears wouldn , t cut unless you slowed down to the point of almost being stopped , I would deffinetly not reccomend buying these
 Many reviews point out that a charge does n't last very long , but that has n't been my problem as much as the battery itself dying after the first year . It wo n't hold a charge at all and it 's so far impossible to replace just the battery pack . Way too expensive an item to require total replacement so soon ...
 If I could give this zero stars I would . The instructions say to charge for 16 hours before first use . I followed the instructions exactly and got about 10 minutes of use for 16 hours of charge . I was just trimming some light grass around my rose bushes . Nothing thick or unreasonable for something like this . I was cutting it will scissors before but thought this would be quicker . It actually took me longer because it does n't cut well and I still had to go get the scissors !!
 The battery life is poor in this unit . Black and Decker still uses the old battery technology of NI-CD -LRB- Nickel Cadmium -RRB- . This bad for the environment since it is a toxic heavy metal and poor charge life characteristics -LSB- . . -RSB- They should change to NI-MH or lithium technology.I would not consider this unit until they change the battery technology which they have on other selected products.Until then , you are buying a limited life product with extremely harmful side effects .
 I read a lot of reviews about smaller hedge trimmers and decided on this one because it seemed to have fewer negative reviews . Unfortunately I am not happy with it . It does n't hold a charge for long -LRB- 30-40 minutes in my case -RRB- , does n't cut well , and jams easily . It also feels cheap . I do not recommend it at all .
 This is a terrible design . wo n't cut grass , awkward alignment . . loud too . Threw it away so I Would n't have to deal with the frustration
 We purchased this trimmer just a year ago , and the battery will no longer hold a charge . I called Black and Decker to order a new battery and was told that this is an OLD model , and that battery packs -LRB- or any other parts -RRB- are no longer being manufactured . So we 're stuck with a product that is still under warranty , but virtually obsolete .
 If I could give this item zero stars I would . One star is generous . The tool 's battery pack simply does not last , and the batteries are a non-standard variety . Finding a replacement pack is impossible . After a year , the tool becomes disposable .
 This tool makes the top five useless tools I have ever purchased . As far as I can see , there are no defects , it just does n't have enough power to cut anything heavier than a couple of blades of grass . I guess I will stick with the string wackers and put up with the occasionally `` missing '' flower .
 Blade does n't cut grass well . Replacement blades are worse ! Shortly after the warranty ran out the battery died , so I am going to scrap this piece of junk . Waste of time and money !
 Smaller and lighter than some others but only has a run time of 10-12 minutes . Trimmer attachment works well around sprayheads , bushes , corners and edging . Shrub trimmer attachment is too short and does n't really cut that well . Switching between heads is a real pain . Almost need a clamp to release the buttons and a large screwdriver to pry it off . Have to be careful with the edging piece , blades bend easy . Will get something else when this one dies , probably soon .
 Tried to use the shears for about one year . . Very disappointed . Battery short , very dull and is nearly useless . Have resorted to the old fashion hand shears . Buy another brand .
 Battery life is actually pretty decent and the tool has as much power as you 'd expect from a small clipper . But the tool just does a really lousy job of cutting anything ... Grass , bushes , weeds , anything . You have to go over the same spot over and over and over .
 First thing out of the box , the stick was hard to put together . The cord got stuck where the joint is . Then when the second deliver brought the shrubber , I charged it overnight , put it in the stick , it worked for 2 seconds and quit . As long as the shrubber and wheels stay together , it works but taking the main unit out of the wheel carraige is difficult . To make matters worse , the plug in from the stick to the unit is tight -- put the unit on first or plug in first ??? Whatever , the unit plug is shoved way in and the stick plug in does n't stay into the power.The wheels are too narrow and too close to the ground . This makes it difficult to move over a lot of space.I bought this for the stick unit because I have a 1 1/2 acres to trim and ca n't carry weedeaters . Very disappointed in the purchase.I already had the Sears -LRB- looked like B&D ;-RRB- hedge trimmer and really like it . It is also 7.2 and lasts and lasts even after sitting over the winter without charge . I am already in my 2nd charge for the new unit -LRB- 7.2 -RRB- and have hardly had much time to work .
 I have to be honest . I bought this because it was Black and Decker and I was very disappointed . I bought a cheaper brand and it outperforms the B and D by a long shot . I wasted my money on the Black and Decker .
 We 've had many trimmers over the years . These by far are the worst we 've ever had.The problem is the design of both the grass shears and the mini hedge shears . They do not cut anything . They are dull and set too far apart to effectively cut anything.Plus for a 7.2 volt , which should be very powerful and have a long life battery this machine fails.I usually love Black and Decker items , but these were returned after 10 minutes of attempted use .
 I 'll be trying to return this product . After charging the batteries for about 3-4 days , I was able to get 10 minutes from the unit trimming the grass . What a waste .
 The blades on this unit are no good at all.I tried to cut grass , and 50 % of the grass gets pushed sideways between the top and bottom blade . You just have to keep working on the same spot of grass to get it all cut . I tried the shrubber blade , and it also did the same thing.The blades also rusted overnight . Maybe stainless would be a better choice for the blades.I also had trouble with battery life . I charged for 2 days , and I got about 10 minutes out of it.I think Black & Decker ; needs to go back to the drawing board on the basics for this tool . I do love their other 18V yard products , but this one has to be returned .
 This is a certifiable piece of junk . It lacks sufficient power to cut anything . Worx has a similiar product with a decent battery . I replaced my B & D with the Worx and it does a better job .
 Very scary ! I used my hedger/trimmer over the weekend and it worked fine.I recharged it for 12 hours yesterday . I took it off the charger . This morning , i heard a noise and thank God I was home . I looked over to see my UNPLUGGED trimmer smoking . I was able to throw it outside . The inner mechanism was on fire . All I can think is ... what if I was n't here?Pleae note that it even say in the directions that you can keep it plugged into the charger for an unlimited time . That is scary too.I am concerned about the nonchalance B&D ; conveyed . I repeatedly asked them to be aware of this danger and I hope they do something . They offered to replace the torched one for an exact same replacement but I turned them down . I would never relax with another one in my house . Their support gave me no other option but did say they were sorry . Really ?
 I 've had other B&D grass clippers which worked great , which is why I purchased this one . After about two minutes of use it was clear that the product simply does n't cut , it shreds , and does n't do a good job at that either . It 's going back !
 it does n't go with the handle , even though that is the way it is advertisedBuy this item with Black & Decker Shear/Shrubber Extension Handle #GSH 1000 Black & Decker today!Total List Price
 I purchased this alarm after doing a lot of research . I returned it about 2 weeks later.First , know that the remote must be plugged into an outlet at all times . You can not carry it around with you or really move it at all . I found this to be very misleading in the marketing because they call it a `` wireless '' remote and because they never show a picture of the remote with the AC Adapter cord attached to it . Even the picture on the box fails to show the cord . I was very disappointed in the various reviews I read -LRB- notably , a Good Housekeeping pool alarm ratings article -RRB- that did not note this.Second , the remote connection to the alarm unit is very weak . I lost a connection with the alarm unit all the time , even though I did as exactly as the instructions stated
 bought this new from amazon in october 2009 , started using it in december 2009 lasted less than 2 months and stop working , don t trust this product
 This heater only performed for about two weeks in the Cleveland , OH winter before becoming a pond brick encased in ice . Just leaving an aeration pump running works much better .
 I 've had a 500 gal pond for 15 years ! I use these because they are available locally . This is important because they fail so often . I 've sent 3 in for failing under warranty , but this is such a hassle . I 've now gone through about 12 of these . They just do n't last . They either just stopped working -LRB- ice in the pond -RRB- , or trip the breaker because they are water logged . I live on the Eastern Shore of Maryland , it very seldom freezes here , so they are only use 2-3 months a year . I 'd suggest another brand , they seldom last more than a year ! I have another brand -LRB- exposed elements -RRB- which I 've used for `` backup '' for 10 years , with no problems . I just do n't like the exposed elements .
 I 've had 2 of these and neither lasted more than 2 seasons . Both leaked and tripped the GFCI . I would consider them again for about $ 8 - $ 10 but not $ 28 - $ 35 . While they were working they kept a hole of about 8 '' -12 '' open all winter . This was sufficient to keep the fish alive . I 'll need to find something either cheaper with a decent warranty , or more expensive with a proven track record .
 I actually read previous reviews but , still went ahead and bought this . What a mistake that was.I live in eastern North Carolina so we do not get too many days/nights of freezing temperatures . However , we also have a fish pond with Koi in it . We were forecasted to have some freezing nights after Christmas so , my wife and I decided to buy this De Icer to keep any gasses from building in the pond if it did freeze over.It arrived as scheduled . We followed all instructions `` to the letter '' and set it in our pond.It worked the first night and the second.The temperature then rose so , we switched it off.About 5 days later we were again forecasted for a freeze and we switched the de-icer back on . and absolutely nothing happened.The reviews I had read all said similar things and I assumed that those folks probably did not follow the instructions . Well , we absolutely followed them and it still only lasted for 2 nights -LRB- one freeze event -RRB- . Never again ...
 I have bought 3 of these . Worked well the first year . Die the second year . Trip the GFI on a dedicated line . I followed all the instructions . Cleaned , cold tested , stored in a safe place , made a wind break , and still only good the first year . Bought a different brand this year , and will review the new one that was highly rated next year . Thank all of you who have taken the time to review ! I am not alone .
 Like alot of the other reviewers , mine stopped working after only using it a month - and only a week after the temp was cold enough to freeze the rest of the pond . Now it 's iced in and I ca n't get it out . Going to borrow a blow torch over the weekend and try to pry it out , then try to return it . Big Fun .
 We bought this unit in 2008 for our KOI pond . It worked for about a week , and then tripped the GFCI because water was getting inside the unit . The pond froze over completely , and when it tripped the GFCI it also cut power to the pump and the pipes from the pump to the filter froze.Over the Summer , I tried to seal the area around the power cord and the heating element , but that only lasted about a week this winter . The unit again tripped the GFCI , stopping the pump , freezing the pipes , etc. . This time we lost a bunch of KOI . Not very happy at all.Do not buy this unit .
 I was glad to find this because my local Wild Birds had quit carrying it . I had had two fail -LRB- GFI trip -RRB- previously . The newest one ordered through Amazon failed after a couple of months . I was using it to deice a small preformed outdoor fish pond . I do not recommend this based on three failure in the last several years . I now use an aquarium air pump which is in the garage . I run a 40 foot airline to the pond and let the bubbles keep a hole in the ice . We are in garden zone 6 so this may not work for you .
 I ordered this item because of its great reviews , but unfortunately never received it . This is not a review of the product , but of Amazon 's poor customer support when it comes from purchases that they list as ` third party ' . I have been ordering from Amazon for seven years and have always been impressed with their customer support . But after calling to find out why I had still not received my order , I was told by their new call center in the Philippines that I would have to contact the third party directly . They also said they have no control over any part of that transaction and need to contact the seller -LRB- which I thought I was doing when I called Amazon -RRB- . I wo n't order from Amazon again until they bring back the customer support they were known for . In the mean time all I have to be concerned with is all my personal information being lost or stolen from some third party company located somewhere in the South Seas .
 I have a 200 gallon pond and have found the average life span of a pond heater is one winter no matter how expensive the heater is . This one lasted one winter . I plugged it in for this winter and nothing happened . I will buy the inexpensive heaters from now on knowing that if I get the winter out if it , I will be happy .
 I love the product it just has not worked since I put it in my pond . We recently had a snow and normally it would have melt the snow around it but it did n't . I have purchased this before from this company so I know how they work . But if I return I only get partial refund and have to pay shipping . Will buy elsewhere if that 's the case .
 The one I bought stopped working within 6 weeks of putting it in the pond . I am not very impressed . I can not imagine why it fails , since it is basically only a heating coil and a temperature sensor . You can see from many other reviews that this product just does not last . You would have thought that with the number of posts about the failure rate , that they would have redesigned it by now .
 I have had to replace this piece of garbage each year.It does work , but only for 1 winter.I 'll never buy another one of these deicers again
 This product is a waste of money . It lasted only 2 weeks and quit working . I would not recommend anyone purchasing this product . The minute the temperature dropped to less than 20 degrees , it stopped working .
 Do n't buy . I live in Ohio , so I used this for about 3 months last season . When I installed it this winter it tripped the GFCI . Any product that does n't work for more than 3 months should be pulled from Amazon . I 've never purchased anything this unreliable .
 Amazon sold and packaged this item . Just sitting in the box . No plastic covering of any kind . The outside of the unit was beat up , scratched , dented . Obviously used/refurbished . That 's really bad for something that usually does not last a year and I did not order used.So this is more of a Amazon critique but be wary . . apparently they 'll just package and clean up used units and send them to you . Again . . not good if you read other reviews for something that does not last very long . The money was refunded immediately before I even mailed the unit back to them so at least the chat rep. was very helpful in that regard . Will not be buying another unit like this from Amazon .
 I returned the first One I bought as it went out 30 days after I bought it . The next one started blowing fuses after one season of use . Just not worth the headache and a waste of money .
 very disappointing product for a multitude of reasons : - height of the product is stupid , just over knee-height , i.e. too tall to put on a table , way too low to have on the ground . Subsequently , the gas bottle does not fit below the burner and has to stand on the side . HELLO - does the guy who designs this thing actually tries the product ? How much more expensive would it be to make it a bit taller ? - assembly instructions are pathetically bad , makes every China-made product look excellent -LRB- the King Cooker claims to be US made -RRB-
 Very poor design and construction . Main issues are that it 's not very stable , the burner bracket will bend easily and break at some point and the unit has a very uncomfortable height to work . It was so bad that I returned it to the local major brand name national outfitter the following day before I even fired it up.A much better constructed and designed product is the Portable Kahuna Burner XL unit . Although about the same price , it does not come with a wok -LRB- which I already had -RRB- .
 worked ok for awhile , then gas flame much lower , not sure if problem w regulator or blocked hose . Then I got a real outdoor wok stove from wokshop in SF . Completely different experience -- a real wok stove , only $ 89 , works incredibly , self igniting , good burner control , excellent heat distribution -LRB- the king cooker seemed to only heat one circular area of the wok very high , the wokstove I found at the wokshop heats the whole wok evenly .
 The unit i received not the same as the picture shown , the wind guard is haft the height of what show on the picture . Not easy put it together . i did some test cooking , the gas head is about 10 inches away from the bottom of the wok and low wind guard , it will not heat wok to high temperature , little breeze would stop cooking completely.Not for outdoor cooking . do n't buy it .
 They shipped a different item than what is pictured . Instead I received the 18 '' Bolt Together Portable Propane Outdoor Cooker -LRB- which they also sell alone -RRB- ... and they threw in a wok and accessories . On top of that , there were just bolts , and no nuts that came with the cooker so I had to buy my own from the hardware store . So basically , i received the wrong item ... and it was also missing pieces .
 this is not want i wanted , this is so light-duty , and the stand just has to be re-welded to stand-up , very cheap i don , t think i will even put a flower pot on it.Im really unhappy with this prouduct
 This is an awful product . I used it on the ledge and rail of my balcony because of my pigeon problem . It immediately started to attract bugs and dirt . The birds avoided it for about two days then started landing again on the ledges and rail . After two weeks , it was an awful , unslightly mess . So how do you get it off ? Pay another $ 20 to buy the solvent remover . I spent four hours scrubbing it off today and it 's still not completely gone . Do not recommend using this product .
 I do n't work . I was up in the ladder putting on the wall a lot of the bird repellant , as the instructions says . . and after I applied it . . a couple of bird landed next were I was working . The repellant after a couple of days got full of dirt . You must image like silicone that grabs dirt , and after a couple of days in the sun it worn out . . but the stain of silicone and dirt still there and the stupid birds still land on my wall .
 So we hired specialists to apply this stuff . A few hours later we found a hurt pigeon who fell off the roof because its body was covered in this stuff and it could n't fly . Luckily a friend took care of the bird by taking him to the vet .
 I love the flexible arms . However , the height was too short , so I returned them . I have similar stakes that are two feet and four feet tall plus the flexible arms . I wish I could find more of these .
 I bought this -LSB- new -RSB- from a different website and installed it per the instructions . It is intended to keep a birdbath full , and it seemed to work right away , but the next morning the float was under water , and the birdbath was overflowing . The problem turned out to be a bad seam -LSB- the float is made in parts and glued together -RSB- , and it filled with water . I contacted the distributor , and they sent me a replacement which worked ok . For over $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- incl . shipping -RSB- though , this is not a good value , even though customer service was good . There are others out there that are less expensive and just as good if not better .
 Used these in a recent plumbing repair . It blocked the water during sweating the pipe , but clogged a faucet when the water was turned on , it broke but did not dissolve , and was lodged in the 1/4 supply line to the kitchen faucet . I left another one in water over night - it did not dissolve , was still a large piece of plastic jelly . Use the old plumber 's trick instead - balled up white bread , it will dissolve in the water system .
 The first one we purchased may have gotten too hot in the truck but it quit reading . The second one did n't work from the beginning and we had to send it back . Perhaps it was just faulty from the get go .
 I bought this cart for hauling buckets of water and some tools around our garden . We have a 4 x 40 foot garden and needed a heavy duty garden cart . After having seen garden carts for well over $ 100 at hardware stores we thought this seemed like a good value . Well , after having put this thing together , I can say you get what you pay for . Wheels are only held on by cheap cotter pins , which is the most heinous of this cart 's issues . This causes the wheels to wobble slightly . As well , the cotter pins are CHEAP . They will rust in a couple days outside . When those break , say goodbye to your wheels , since nothing else holds them to the axles . This cart will be lucky to last the summer .
 I would not recomend to anyone some more junk made in china the last pairs I bought a few years ago I believe were made in usa I loved them much better fit . no problem with the merchant just that the mfg is selling a poorer product
 Great price , and when it worked it was great , but after 3 months it started buzzing and now is dead , dead , dead .
 I love the pump in the picture , BUT this is not the pump you receive with this number . I have ordered this number from 2 companies and get a totally different pump which I do n't like . I want this little square one . HELP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Does anyone know what number to use to get this little square pump ?????????????
 This pump worked for one year . It was under 18 '' if water in Richmond AV where the top of the pond developed a thin film of ice . It worked until last week . The pump runs but does not push any water . I have cleaned it as well as I can . I set the pump in a bucket of water and plugged it in . The impeller turns but no water comes out . I will have to buy a new pump , but it will not be this one .
 I am usually a person who gives alot of benefit of doubt to someone . Sometimes I end up paying for it . This was the case . I read the previous review , and noted the shortcomings . rust , inferior fit , inadequate hardware , must I go on . I ordered this wagon in hopes that the previous review was a fluke . It wasnt . Many of my parts came with the tailtale signs of beginning rust . In addition , nothing was wrapped in a condition to be shipped . Nothing was packaged or wrapped to protect it from banging around inside . Needless to say , all of the major pieces were scratched up , as if somebody had previously assembled it , used it and returned it to amazon . if that is the case , it wasnt inspected again before it was shipped to me . In the future I shall heed these reviews more carefully . mike
 All the previous reviews ... pay attention . The plastic acorn nuts that hold on the ill-fitted wheels are terrible . Do n't purchase this , pay a few dollars more for a tested model .
 Item sold as new in unsealed box with small parts scattered in box to be lost in mail . Manufacture states small parts usually bagged , but no so with this ite . Nuts and bolts thrown into box to roll around and be lost in shipping . Manufacture then expects me to fax or email receipt on item to replace lost parts . One expects new products to be properly packaged . Also do not expect to have to find receipt to send to manufacture for replacement ... this is not hassle free shopping when I have to get transportation to a fax machine rather than calling amazon to have issue resolved . I could go to a local store rather than deal with this nonsense . Of course it could have been prevented had I not been sold an unsealed package which was represented as a new product . Never had this issue in years of amazon shopping ... very disappointed .
 This item shipped and arrived very quickly , which it the only reason I am giving it a 2-star rating . Upon opening the carton , I found all of the metal hardware scattered throughout the box . The plastic bag which I assume should have contained the hardware was cut , which explains why all the hardware was everywhere.I gathered the hardware together and sorted it out so I could do an inventory . I then removed all of the main parts from the box and removed the plastic wrap that held several of the parts together . I then attempted to make sure all of the hardware was accounted for . The bolts were listed as M6 , M8 and M10 with no further dimensions listed . The nuts for the M8 and M10 are self-locking and the same size . It turns out that the smaller number is for the smaller sized bolt , but the quantities did n't make sense . The material list was listed as part of the assembly diagram , which was a complete joke and the only assembly diagram in the 4-page instructions , two of which were warnings and nothing to do with the assembly . The word ` bolt ' was spelled as , ` bold ' in more than one place . The bottom of the instruction listed the item as a meat grinder . The diagram was very small with lines going everywhere and impossible to figure out . Not all of the item numbers were on the actual diagram , making it even harder to follow . The assembly instructions were very vague and did n't indicate the size bolt to use , leaving you trying to refer to the tiny diagram to try to figure it out.Both rear axles were rusted and several of the nuts and washers were also rusted . There was no grease packet included to apply to the axles before installing the wheels . The wheels and front steering bracket are held on with plastic nuts , which I can easily see breaking at the worst possible time . In addition , the front steering bracket used two of the M8 self locking nuts at the pivot points , which means they can not be tightened completely or the front wheels will not turn . This should have been a rod with a clevis pin . I will probably do that myself , but you should n't have to buy hardware for something you paid $ 100 for . I will also look for metal nuts to replace the crappy plastic nuts that hold the steering frame and wheels on . The axles should also have a hole for a cotter pin , which is does not have . Everything else on the cart is metal . Why would they use plastic nuts to hold the wheels , the part that will take the most load when using this cart ? I chose this cart because of the free shipping , but I would not order another one.UPDATE
 I ordered this cart and returned the first one because it was fitlhy , scratched , and missing parts . The replacement cart was just as bad but I assembled it anyway . I had to use my own nuts , washers , and bolts because at least half of them were missing . It was like they just threw in the hardware as if scattering seeds . The instructions were useless . Now I have it together and am contemplating sending it back but the packaging is in such poor shape that I do n't have any way to re-package it.Update - I contacted the manufacturer to see if I could get the missing hardware since it would be easier to finish assembling this cart than it would be to package it up and send it back . I received a response right away and they offered to send me replacement hardware if I sent a copy of my invoice . I did that today ... I 'll update this review when I receive my hardware.Update - I received the hardware I needed and I love the cart . I use it to haul two 70 lb RV batteries from climate controlled storage to RV in between uses . It is good for the job but I ca n't imagine it being able to bear the weight advertised .
 Please do some research before considering getting pvc in your garden . Manufacturing pvc harms the environment , and also washes polluting material into the soil .
 Wheel weld sheared off after 4 hours of use . Middle plate that holds the axles sheared off after 5 hours of use . Machine was used behind JD garden tractor with `` normal '' usage and failed after 4-5 hours . Took it back and bought the JD for twice as much , but the construction is FAR superior .
 Gave it one star because the no star selection wouldnt work!This product does not work . Bugs are multiplying ! Flies are attracted to it I think . My kids are getting eaten alive!I am so frustrated with this product . Going to the store to find Cutter Brand . I have used that several times and it works great , do n't know why I would even switch brands , just assumed they all were alike !! Boy was I wrong !!! SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!
 Two bottles arrived , one was leaking to extent that cardboard box was wet.This is a dangerous product.Never mentioned in product description that the contents is highly toxic to bees.Should not be on the market . The dry anti mosquito products were OK .
 I watched the infomercial and it sure looked good . I was sorely disappointed . The SpinSweep jams almost immediately , requiring you to bend over to hand clean it . The basket does not hold much , and further , once you take the basket off to dump it , it is a struggle to get it back on . It sits in my garage , cuz I 'm back to my leaf blower .
 I was excited by other reviews and was looking forward to getting my L1400 to keep on top of the gravel in our garage and in my shop building that comes in on vehicle tires . I am very disappointed . It might do a good job on leafs but it sure does n't leave a garage floor clean when there is even a small amount of gravel on it . If you have gravel roads or driveway I would search for something else to keep your floors clean or fall back on the dusty broom !
 The Hoover L1400 Spin Sweep Outdoor Sweeper does not work . It will only pick up leaves if you go over them and over them and over them ... vaccume style -LRB- exhausting -RRB- . As for pine needles ? Forget it !! The needles get caught in the brushes and jam up the sweeper . When you remove the `` basket '' to empty what you did sweep up , it all falls out ; right back onto your semi-clean surface . VERY disappointed in Hoover on this one .
 I bought Moss Out to remove the dark algae strecks on my roof . Moss Out did absolutley nothing in removing the algae . My neighbor also bought the product and had the same results.Don ' t waste your money .
 I ordered a 32 oz . container of 10505 Repellex Root Saver Mole , Vole & Gopher Repellent on 6/30/08 . The product was shown to be in stock on the Amazon website -LRB- it still is -RRB- and I was given an estimated delivery date between 7/3 & 7/9/08 . When I did not receive the item by 7/9 , I called the product supplier -LRB- Polstein 's Home & Beyond -RRB- on 7/10 . I was told that the product is NOT IN STOCK and a valid estimated delivery date could not be provided.I am very dissatisfied that a delivery date was provided that could not be met and that I was not notified that I would have to wait indefinitely for delivery . I believe many customers would not place an order if they knew the item of interest was not in stock . Advertising product availability and providing bogus delivery estimates seems to be intended to obtain a customer purchase commitment and then have the customer wait indefinitely , with no status information from Amazon or the supplier , until the product can be made available .
 This house is best suited to urban and suburban yards that do n't have a bluebird within miles , but want a birdhouse for decoration . I 'd wager these houses have raised more house sparrows than bluebirds by a huge factor . I 'd recommend a front-opening box like the Audubon box if you really want to raise bluebirds . Better yet , consult with an experienced bluebirder in your area .
 Received broken . A nail in the roof splintered a piece off . I glued it with rubber cement instead of dealing with the hassle of a return . It worked
 This review is in regards not only to the product received but , the seller and his service after he received my money.Product : It seemed packed well and arrived in a timely matter for this I give one star.The issue was the plant seemed a little strained . In 3 weeks it is now dead . Let me state even though this is what some may consider , `` A beginners kit '' , I am not a beginner . I just needed some of the items that come in the kit and it was farily priced for the tree and the kit and I gave the book to a friend who is interested in learning about Bonsai . The reason I mention this , is because it is a well known fact that junipers will conceal any health issues until they are at the point of death . In other words , this juniper was dead or near death before it was shipped or died during shipping and did not exhibit the issues until after I received it.Service : Now , this would all be `` ok '' I suppose but , kind of a bummer . But , nevertheless , it would be ok in the end . Most normal merchants would simply send another plant or refund the purchase price . Not Joe Bonsai however . After sending him a polite message asking how we could resolve this , I never received an answer . After 5 business days I decided to take this to Amazon claims - guess what ? He still has n't responded.Googling around I see that a number of people have bought from Joe Bonsai and have had the same issue , plant arrived and dead in a week or two.So I suppose that if you get a good tree that lasts more than a few weeks then , good for you . However , if yours dies within a week or two or so expect a long drawn out affair to get it replaced or to get reimbursed . Guess it 's a roll of the dice that Joe is n't willing to pay for .
 This feeder had no instructions . I thought the lid was locked tight , but a squirrel or large bird was able to tip it and empty the seed . It 's very cute , but if you have a lot of birds you have a large traffic jam . I had a downy woodpecker fly into our window in the melee of birds trying to get to the feeder .
 Alas skip this ... skirells have np problems eating all your seeds with this feeder , Soooooooo disappointing and waste of money . Buy something else
 This feeder looks innovative with very flexible functions . But it FAILS due to FLIMSY PLASTIC PARTS and a LOOSE LEAKY LID . You get the first warning when you put it together . The tubes are light plastic that are not rigid and they come loose from the plastic tabs on the feeder bottom and top that are supposed to hold them . The lid does NOT click into the top . It flies off with any breeze at all . The biggest problem is that instead of overlapping the hole in the top , the lid sits down inside it . So it leaks in the rain and there 's no place for the rain to go but down into the tubes . The seed becomes a total wet mess and the feeder is impossible to clean . I even tried duct tape to solve the problems with the lid but NO GOOD . The thing is such a mess we are just THROWING OURS AWAY . Look elsewhere .
 So I read the reviews , and bought this feeder ... I 've had it 3 months and it is now screwed together to keep from falling apart , Duct Tape is covering openings where the parts have been lost , other openings are failing due to squirrels/birds and when completely failed , they to will be covered with Duct Tape . A really bad product . Do not waste your money on this one .
 I hate spiders and am freaked out by them , and discovered a bottle of Round Up works the best , plus it has that long , stream of spray , and a pump handle . easy to aim with . Immediate death beam . : - -RRB-
 I bought this because we have an infestation of hobo and black widow spiders in our garage . So far I 've found that works okay on the little house spiders , but when it comes to the big spiders that can actually hurt you it 's not effective at all . Today I basically emptied half the can on a black widow - it would curl up for a bit , then uncurl and keep walking . I finally just grabbed a roll of paper towels and smashed it . Not happy with this spray at all .
 I WAS WAITING FOR A TARANTULA TO COME OUT SO I COULD TRY OUT THIS PRODUCT . I HAD ORDERED THE PRODUCT AFTER I FOUND A TARANTULA INSIDE MY HOME . WHEN I FOUND ONE IN MY GARAGE I SPRAYED AND SPRAYED THE PRODUCT AND WAITED AND WAITED AND NOTHING HAPPENED THE TARANTULA JUST RAN , I WAS HOPING THAT AT LEAST IT WOULD SLOW IT DOWN BUT IT DID N'T SO I JUST KILLED IT WITH THE BROOM . IT MAY BE GOOD FOR OTHER SPIDERS BUT DEFINITELY NOT FOR TARANTULAS .
 After reading all the great reviews , I bought 2 cans of the stuff hoping to rid my house of the spider problem . The first day they arrived , I sprayed down 2 different spiders . Neither were affected in the least and just kept on running . Did n't even slow them down ! Not sure what the other reviewers used , but this Terro Spider Killer is a big fat waste of money . I had better luck with plain old windex .
 It is very short and meant for ages 8 - 10 . I am 12 years old and I feel it was a waste of my money . It is only good on a beach where you can easily dig a big hole .
 Hudson 96302E Comando 2 Gallon Sprayer Galvanized SteelBuyer beware ! Package arrived with `` New and Improved '' sticker affixed to the outside of the product box . I thought great ! Until I opened the box to see the metal spray valve pictured on the box and ad is now made of plastic ! The reason I purchased this product was the metal valve . I was very disappointed that I was mislead by the ad description .
 I always consult the reviews on Amazon.com , and as the reviews were overwhelmingly positive , I ordered the Hudson 96303E Comando 2 Gallon Sprayer . I 've had a number of garden sprayers over the years , usually purchased from Loew 's ; my last two were plastic RoundUp sprayers . As I 've never had any problems before , I filled the Hudson sprayer with a Spectricide mix . I pumped and pumped , but all I can hear is escaping air . Going back to the instruction book , I applied petroleum jelly around the camplate , as well as the top of the pump cylinder ; I also checked for leaks where the hose connects to the tank , as well as points along the extension and the control valve . It still does n't build pressure at all
 Bought this to apply curing compound to patio . The device is just the right size but the nozzle does not atomize the sealer.Instead of a spray it comes out as a stream requiring getting down on my hands and knees and back brushing .
 This thing 's OK . But it 's plastic . Eventually its going to break . My wand snapped above the handle when I was tapping it to try to clear up the spray pattern . I kept buying cheap to mid-level sprayers like this one , and finally bought a B&G sprayer . It hurt to pay that much , but it will outlast me ...
 What it is
 The cheap plastic wand is pure junk , I bought two of these sprayers , the gray handle literally fell off the first unit and the second wo n't spray . There are better sprayers out there for about the same or a little more money .
 WHEN I OPENED THE PACKAGE AND TOOK THE SPRAYER OUT , THE COPPER SPRAY DEVICE WAS BENT AND CRIMPED . I REALLY HATED TO REPACKAGE AND TAKE INTO TOWN SO I FINALLY FILLED IT WITH WATER AND USED IT TO SEE IF IT WOULD WORK . THE SPRAYING WAND WASNT AFFECTED SO I CHOSE NOT TO SEND IT BACK . BUT I CERTAINLY WAS N'T PLEASED WITH IT . I COULD N'T FIND A COPPER SPRAYING WAND LOCALLY OR I WOULD HAVE RETURNED IT.THANK , JAYNE WIIST
 I pull on the handle to slide out the sprayer from the box and as soon as it clears the box , the damn handle assembly comes out of the container and the container drops right on two of my small toes . Im surprised it didnt break my toes , but it did slice them open . Blood all over the place and two of my nails that are going to fall off . Not to mention the excrutiating pain for a few hours I had .
 Item arrived scratched and scuffed in many places all along the outside ! This is junk -- soft , scratched-up plastic . I ca n't put my nice plant in this and expect it to look decent ! Has this been abused in a Dollar store , then consigned to be sold here ? This is junk . Waste of time & money RMA .
 I have been looking for planters like some I already own and have not been successful . I thought I found the right planter , but it is not what I expected . What I got was a cheap flimsy pot . I would not get this again .
 ordered this plant older thinking it would look like the color in the picture ... well it does n't ! color was more of a teal or aqua color . . not what i wanted but Amazon was very professional about the return .
 This planter is not high gloss , but the typical cheap planter available at any discount store . The planters I got were a dull red finish , cheaply molded plastic with scratches , scrapes and excess plastic at seams .
 I bought these planters because I had owned them before and they were very durable and attractive . I especially liked the high-gloss look . Unfortunately , when I received my planters , they had been put in the shipping box with the wadded up , rough craft paper that Amazon so often uses and it ruined the high-gloss finish of the outer planter . The other planters were nested inside and were fine . So when I ordered them in another size , I ordered one extra figuring that they would be packaged the same way despite the fact that I notified Amazon of the problem . Sure enough , same problem , but I was able to return the ruined outer one that I did n't want anyway -- it essentially served as packing .
 Wanted it for decorative purpose with an artificial plant but it looks very cheap . If you just want it for an indoor plant , it should be fine . It is a small step up from the pots that plants come in at the store .
 It would have been a nice pot but the pieces that attach the tray to the pot were snapped off so the bottom had holes in it . Lame .
 Oh where do I begin ??? This Pentair Legend Platinum cleaner makes me CRAZY ! First off , -LRB- # 1 -RRB- the thing will not clean my deep end . The hose is long enough , but it never seems to make it down there and stay long enough to clean up anything . We have adjusted the pressure , and the direction of the jets , to no avail . # 2 -RRB- The little bugger gets so wrapped up in its hose that we find it tied up in knots almost daily . # 3 -RRB- Like one other user posted , the hose gets caught up in the cleaner and wedged into between itself and the front wheel all the time . # 4 -RRB- When it DOES pick up something into its bag , you ca n't get the unit out of the water to take the bag off without loosing most of the bags contents back into the pool from the bottom side . The rubber flapper inside does n't keep anything in the bag . SO once the unit stops running , the contents simply dumps back out into the water . # 5 -RRB- Assuming you have anything left in the bag to dump , the velcro at the top of the bag refuses to stay closed so that you can place it back in the water secured.We 've only had our pool since Aug 09 , so we have n't looked around at replacing the Pentair , but I believe we 've given it enough `` time '' to pass a valid judgment on it ... it 's failed miserably ! We will be looking at other units very soon . God luck to you !
 it only worked for about a month than started losing signal , beeping , display goes wacky . Replaced the batteries , reset the probes , did all the things you are supposed to do , but it kept going berserk . Returned to OSI for a replacement and the same thing happens . Ca n't recommend until they fix the problem . Suspect it is some cheap memory or poor circuits . Either way it is a BIG problem.It does look good however , and when it works , it was great .
 arrived promptly . Remote sensor senses fine . Main unit senses fine . They do n't talk to each other , even at 6 inches . This is a rip-off . Customer service as Oregon Scientific is non existent . Total waste of money .
 This product is SO incredibly cheaply made , I CA N'T imagine WHO uses it , and for what ? TWO attempts to use this product failed almost instantly . The zipper teeth are made from an incredibly cheap plastic . I was n't rough with them at all and they broke ; and there was NO possibility of repair . I was totally shocked at how flimsy the zipper is ... HOW in the world does this work for `` tarps ? '' People yank on tarps ... it 's ludicrous . DO N'T BUY THIS JUNK PRODUCT !!!
 My problem is n't with the product or the seller it is with Amazon . I needed a LIGHT TIGHT tarp zipper . Amazon listed this product as a `` light tight '' zipper . What I received was a lessor quality zipper that was not LIGHT TIGHT . I went on the sellers website and found they do not offer a LIGHT TIGHT zipper . After many emails to the seller I found that Amazons listing of products is not very accurate . Amazon uses key words in a product description and lumps the products based on the key words . This seller has had many problems with AMAZON and just ca n't get the issues resolved.The seller was willing to return and refund the purchase . It would cost me more to ship the item back than the item 's cost . Besides the problem was n't created by the seller but by AMAZON . I tried to contact AMAZON to get them to correct the problem . AMAZON did n't bothered to respond . Therefore I will NEVER purchase through AMAZON again . I suggest you do not either . Buy directly from the seller . AMAZON is just an imcompetent middleman .
 I do research at a major university in the midwest . We just recently made several large purchases , and thus when the need for a programmable power supply arose , we decided it would be a safe place to cut corners - after all , a power supply is a very basic piece of equipment , and we imagined that there could be very little the manufacturer could `` mess up . '' We were wrong.Aside from a clunky keypad interface , and a knob to adjust the voltage that simply DOES NOT WORK , this power supply sports an inaccurate output that loses calibration almost immediately when you take it out of the box . Using the keypad to set the output , say to 8.3 volts , only really guarantees an output somewhere between 8.0 and 8.6 volts.Similar problems are encountered with the `` programmable '' interface . The manufacturer supplied software that `` controls '' this supply looks to have been rapidly written and burned onto a CD-R by a group of teenagers . Furthermore , there is somehow additional error in the actual output of the supply when you interface with it using RS-232 - the act of `` programming '' the supply somehow introduces MORE inaccuracy -LRB- according to the manual , as much as + / - 200mv -RRB- beyond the already troublesome amount normally present . And do n't fool yourself into thinking you will be able to communicate without using their proprietary software ; the serial communication protocol is confusing , and the only information provided is full of typos and unhelpful unprintable characters -LRB- presumably impossible to translate from Chinese , where the supply is originally made by Array electronics , not mastech or tekpower . -RRB- That said , this product * does * function , although in a limited way , as a programmable power supply . However , If you want something even remotely reliable or easy to program , spend a little bit more and get something that will at least output correctly . If you are VERY hard up for money , buy something used off EBay . If you find yourself somehow completely out of all other options , then * maybe * consider purchasing this supply .
 I received this power supply , and the rotary knob would not work , even when enabled . Also , the software will not run on Windows 7 . Finally , the communications protocol is poorly documented , and the interface does not even work . Now I will have to waste a bunch of time returning it .
 This watering can seemed like a good idea and I usually really like OXO products , so I purchased it to give it a try . I assume the spout is made to swivel back for storage reasons . However , at the joint where the spout meets the can , it leaks or the spout will come off . It goes back on , but still leaks . They need to redesign this model .
 I thought this was a beautiful feeder & purchased it thinking I would add hummingbird seed for my gorgeous hummers to eat along with their nectar . That was before I learned that hummingbirds do not eat seed . They eat tiny bugs & spiders and feed on nectar only . I do n't understand how a seed feeder can be sold that is only usable for larger birds and maybe a candle lantern . I will keep it for one of these purposes , but do n't recommend this if you really want to attract hummingbirds .
 Like some others have said , if you are using this for automotive uses , which ATD makes things for , you will find that the bristles start falling out of the handle holes almost immediately . In 10 minutes of use , I lost about 10 clumps of bristles . If you need a brush for automotive brakes/rust removal , this definitely is n't it . It is probably ok for light household uses however .
 This thing is a joke I used it to lightly clean up the splines on a pinion gear and a bunch of the wires fell right out of the brush . I should of went to walmart and bought a $ 1.25 brush and it would of been better . I own numerous ATD products and by far this is the worst product I have bought yes I know it a wire brush but thought it would of stood up better than it did
 The brush is of so poor quality that the wire ` hair ' fel off the brush before I finished brushing the grille grid.It practically fell apart after less than 2 minutes of brushing.It 's not worthed a penny .
 After a review of available umbrellas , we chose this one . The main reason was the generally good reviews . The first order was returned to Amazon by UPS . Apparently , the poor packaging caused damage . We received a second one . The packaging was also fairly inadequate . However , we assembled it and put it on a patio table . The cloth material of the umbrella is poor quality . It is thin and translucent . It just feels cheap . The pole is made of a very thin gauge aluminum . The first moderate wind that we had caused the umbrella to blow over . The top section of the pole -LRB- where it tilts -RRB- deformed so that it is no longer vertical.Is there anything good to say about this umbrella . Nice color . Other than that , it is cheaply made and generally poor quality . I was originally going to give it 2 stars but then I realized that 2 stars would mean it was almost reasonable.I would not buy this brand or model again and would suggest that no one else does .
 UNBELIEVABLE ! I was looking for red umbrellas and ordered these , described as red . The picture in the ad clearly shows a bright red umbrella . I was severely disappointed when they arrived . Not only are they MAROON , or dark red , but they are exactly the same as umbrellas I could have bought locally for nearly $ 20 less ! Ordering these was a huge waste of time . Do I have to ask if red really means red ?
 This was a replacement umbrella for one that flew away and broke - I neglected to close it before a storm passed through . Since the umbrella selling season was over I resorted to an on line purchase . I chose this umbrella because I like the aluminum/crank type and loved the sunny yellow color . However , the order took over three weeks to receive , and when I got it the piece on top would n't screw on because the pole top was crushed . The cover fabric is very flimsy , and the whole thing always seems to be on the verge of flying away . . I would not recommend this umbrella . I will buy a new one in the spring , and this will be a spare .
 I really liked this patio umbrella for one month . It blocks California sun well , and cranks are smooth . However , after 5 weeks , the metal spring fell out . Very disappointing . Amazon return policy expired 10 days before the umbrella broke . I guess it 's going in the trash .
 `` Pebble Lane Living '' did not ship what I ordered . I ordered a brick red patio umbrella and received a white one . The crank is kinda sketchy , feels like it will break . The Umbrella leans because the middle is weak . In my humble opinion why order from `` Pebble Lane Living '' if they do not ship what you order .
 I used it for three months and then the pole broke where the tilt mechanism installed . It broke by itself ... probably during one of the rainy and windy days . I noticed it later . My previous umbrella lasted 12 years . And I did n't expect this umbrella to break so easily.I 'm not going to spend a penny on this brand again .
 Ordered this rug on 5/12/07 , never recieved a notification of shipment but had a estimated arrival date of 5/24/07 . Sent two emails to seller , no response until days after , then nothing again , called them today , they said the order would ship on 6/18/07 . No contact was made w/me to find out if this was acceptable , ca n't wait to see how long it takes to get my money back !
 I bought one from a reseller and it leaks under household water presure , seller asked me to contact the manufacture , manufacture does not respond at all . So I ended up with an expensive leaking plastic bottle.If you must buy one of these , make sure you can return it in case of problem .
 EZ-Flo Garden Hose InjectorI would like to return this injector , it dose not apply fertilizer at a constant rate .
 Had this device 3 years now . Keeps clogging and not releasing it 's contents into the water flow . -LRB- liquid , organic fish emulsion - maybe a few chunkies -RRB- Do n't bother with this ! Get the little brass device that hooks onto your hose bib and drop it 's feed hose into a 5 gallon bucket . Bingo - simple , works like a charm !
 Just like a previous reviewer of this parts washer , mine arrived broken . The same problem he/she had , which was that the plastic link between the flexible metal nozzle and the pump were broken . That 's despite an impeccable job of packing - as is typical of all things I 've ever ordered via Amazon.com . I suspect it was a combination of poor product design and little or no factory quality control - but that 's only my opinion . Since the lead time for ordering another said 2-3 months , I opted for a full refund and will look elsewhere . The plastic version sold by Harbor Freight is way too flimsy for me to consider . And anything larger than 3-4 gallon capacity is more than I really need or have storage for . Yeah , well ...
 This parts washer seem 's `` ok '' at best . Although other reviews mentioned the fitting was broken between the pump and nozzle , I ordered one anyway . Mine showed up with the exact same broken part . The fitting is made of very cheap plastic . I will be looking else where for a higher quality parts washer .
 I oped for this washer instead of the plastic Harbor Freight model , which was the same price . Both are Chinese-made , which is impossible to avoid with tools like this.The metal tub / tank is nice , feels `` shop-grade . '' One star for a nice paint job . However , the fitting which holds the nozzle to the pump is plastic ; mine arrive broken despite adequate packaging . This fitting is the one thing that should be metal , it could easily be stressed as you move the nozzle around . I laughed when I realized the company name was `` Advanced Tool Design . `` I ended up with the Harbor Freight model which feels like it will fall apart after a little use -LRB- typical for that brand -RRB- . But it works .
 Sorry I bought these . They 're too shallow to be a viable indoor planter . Too tippy and poorly made to be used outdoors . Two already cracked.I ended up buying the more substantial , bigger ones I originally wanted but did n't want to spend money on .
 very bad experience witht his company . They advertised the bar and chain to fit my saw and it did not . then they charged me to not only send it back but to restock it .
 the 74 link chain was not compatable with the drive gear on saw & the 18 inch bar
 be careful when purchasing this item . the # of links & pitch of the chain is not mentioned . i received what is generally described as a replacement 20 '' bar & chain for a stihl saw , but was surprised that it was not what i was expecting .
 I bought this universal starter for a Fiesta grill to replace the original starter , which stopped working after only two uses . Sure enough , the GrillPro universal starter did n't make it past two uses either . The installation itself was as easy as advertised and it created a sizable spark initially , but the product does n't seem to last at all.Why sell a starter for a grill if it ca n't stand up to the heat inside of a grill ?? Sigh ... Very disappointed .
 Tech Support response
 I 've had this unit for several years , can do some things effective -- outside/inside temp -- humidity , but have no way of verifying accuracy.Now the temp and humidity for outdoors and indoors have gone blank . I 've replaced batteries still to no avail . There is no place in the manual to instruct where to remedy . There is no service telephone and their website has no contact option for issues such as mine.Unless I find a reasonable answer , this weather toy will go on the electronic trash heap .
 The Wireless Projection Forecaster was expensive but I was willing to overlook that . We only used it for 3 wks . before the humidity and inside temp . stopped working . I am not happy because that gives me one more thing to do that I do not have time for . I plan to call the day time phone number of the company since there is a 1 yr . warranty . My husband is an instrument tech . with yrs . of experience and it is not our misunderstanding of how the equipment should work .
 I am very disapointed in this product . The batteries last a very short time so most of the time I do not get any readings on the inside monitor . Alot of money for something that does n't work !
 I ordered this grill 1 month before Christmas for my Husband . They then contacted me 1 week prior to Christmas telling me it was no longer in stock !!! May be a great grill , but i will never know . I 'm very unsatisfied with the customer service from True Value !!!!
 The crystal arrived in a plain paper manilla envelope -LRB- no bubbles on the mailer or surrrounding the crystal -RRB- . My jaw dropped when I opened the envelope and saw that the crystal was simply wrapped in a bounty paper towel !!! The words that entered my mind were `` ghetto . '' I immediately knew that buying from this seller was a mistake.It was no surprise that the item was chipped/scratched in s few places but it would have cost more to mail it back so I did n't bother returning it . BUYER BEWARE
 I received the Antique Brass Birdbath yesterday and , greatly disappointed , I am returning it.It 's not an `` antique brass '' bowl ; it 's a metal plate that 's been painted a brass color - and rather sloppily at that . It looks cheap . The paint will surely wear off with time and immersion in water . I was n't expecting an antique , but I did expect a bowl that looked brass . `` Antique brass construction '' must mean they ` constructed ' it to look ` brass . ' But it does n't . Once the cost of the support pole is added in , the birdbath will be far from a bargain . If I 'd seen it in a retail setting , I would never have paid more than a third of the asking price . And to be honest , I doubt that I 've have purchased it at all.Major disappointment . The bright spot is Amazon 's easy return .
 I installed these in every room of my apartment about two weeks ago , after seeing a mouse in my bedroom . Last night a mouse ran right through the living room , past 2 of the pestchasers and behind the tv . Then about 5 seconds later he ran RIGHT AT THE PESTCHASER and under the heater.These things seem like a great idea , but are totally unreliable . I only hope I can get my money back so I can buy some good old-fashioned , neck-snapping traps .
 It is pretty sturdy even though it 's plastic . And it definitely regulated the pressure , but it greatly restricted the flow . So if you need to use it for more than a minimal irrigation system , look elsewhere unless you have very high water pressure or do n't mind the system running for a very long period of time . I also bought a 25 psi unit at my local Home Depot and was able to get much more flow through that one .
 Ordered this rug on 5/12/07 , never recieved a notification of shipment but had a estimated arrival date of 5/24/07 . Sent two emails to seller , no response until days after , then nothing again , called them today , they said the order would ship on 6/18/07 . No contact was made w/me to find out if this was acceptable , ca n't wait to see how long it takes to get my money back !
 This table was a piece of junk !! The paint peeled and they wo n't take it back because I 've had it beyond 60 days . It is SUPPOSED to be an outdoor table !!! Do not buy anything from this company like this . The man on the phone was a man with an attitude as well . I spoke to his manager . They will not even send me a new one !
 After Spending 1 hour to plumb the regulator in line I turned it on to test it and it didnt work . Double checked my work -LRB- im a plumber -RRB- and it still didnt work . I would have taken it out to return it but i didnt want to spend the time to re-plumb the line again .
 The threads on this item were so bad that I could n't get it to screw into any of my fittings without spraying water all over ... even with pipe tape . Its total junk . I would have returned it but for as cheap as it was it 's not really worth bothering with for me . Also i found out from another amazon reviewer that those ball valve splitters -LRB- Gilmour 13 Brass 2-Way Connector -RRB- are the way to go as you can simply turn the valve to adjust the pressure and have true control a range of pressure until you get to your desired one for your needs . So this item really is obsolete plus its made of plastic where the ball valve type splitters are made of solid brass . Hope this helps someone avoid ordering something they did n't even need like i did .
 Actually more like 500 cubic feet per hour . Do n't expect to install this thinking your going to feel air coming out the vents . Hopefully I can return this thing if not I 'll have to trash it because it 's not worth the electricity to run it .
 What they show is a duct fan with two crimped ends.What you get is a duct fan with one crimped end.Nuff said .
 The box was damaged resulting in the motor to be damaged . I had to take it to a technician to get it fixed before I could install it . Not too happy about it . Thought it was going to be a decent deal but ended up not so good . Never said scratch and dent in the description ...
 I agree with Debbie B 's review . This item is cheap and does not stand the test of time . I did n't even have it one month before it was completely flat ! Very unhappy and expected better from this store - ESPECIALLY considering the high price and expensive shipping .
 I could n't be more dissapointed . This is a $ 5 item in my estimation , certainly not a $ 23-plus-shipping investment . Too bad I ordered an item with no customer reviews . Apparently others were more astute than I and could tell by looking at it in the photo that it was only a piece of neoprene foam in some cheap fabric . Your derriere will not notice any significant cushioning !
 This compost tumbler does a great job of turning your kitchen scraps into rich compost , however , there is one big problem . After the first complete cycle the latch that holds the lid in place started coming loose and has not worked properly ever since . When the tumbler reaches the bottom of a turn , the lid falls off and spills the decaying material all over the ground . Its messy and difficult to clean up . I have tried making a latch replacement myself with modest success . It is clear that the maker of this product has decided not to solve the problem , since reviewers here and on other sites have mentioned it and nothing has been done . An excellent product with a fatal flaw . Unless you are prepared to deal with the mess , avoid purchasing The Envirocycle Composter .
 I thought this composter was a great idea for urban composting . I was wrong . It was small and compact , but I could n't rotate it because it leaked immediately ! It was on a patio , not the ground , so leaky smelly compost tea was a bad idea . It was so messy that I could n't even move it to the grass to let it spill out . It would have been fine if it were actually on the ground -LRB- and therefore , did n't matter if it leaked -RRB- .
 I was excited when I bought this composter but quickly became dissatisfied . The tumbler is not big enough to create ` heat ' to decompose . The opening is not big enough to get a shovel in to get compost out . It is ver difficult to turn when 1/2 full . If you keep adding compost the older stuff never gets to decompose as new is constantly added . Two bins are necessary . I hate this composter and would like to get my money back from the company
 I just got back from a one day trip where i was testing some new gear . i 'll be spending a week in Big Cypress preserve so i wanted to make sure everything worked fine . that being said , let me go into the details of the hammock .1 . set up is fairly easy although D-rings or carabiners and some cordage is necessary -LRB- the hammock does NOT come with any gear for set up -RRB- 2 . it does not come with a rain fly . i knew this when i purchased it and its not a big deal if you buy an 8x10 tarp for $ 10 and set it up as a rain-fly .3 . the hammock itself was comfortable although the mosquito netting is quite loose and sometimes gets in your face . in my case it stuck to my head like Velcro -LRB- i shave my head bald -RRB- .4 . and finally , the reason im giving the hammock 1 star ! when i awoke after sleeping for the first night in the hammock , i noticed i had bites all over the backs of my legs . at home , my girlfriend noticed i had them on the backs of my arms . this morning when i shaved my head , i had bites on the back of my head . i did n't know what to think of it at first , i thought i had run into poison ivy and then it dawned on me . every piece of skin that was pressed against the hammock itself had bites on it ! i know there were no mosquitoes inside with me and the mosquito netting worked as it should , however , the material the hammock itself is made of is thin enough for mosquitoes to bite through . i literally have over a hundred mosquito bites along the backs of my legs , arms and head!Like the title says
 I ordered the Nation of Islam flag 3 times from this merchant . The first time , I did n't notice it was simply the Turkish flag flipped backwards -LRB- until someone who visited my home told me -- embarrassing -RRB- . Then , I did a search for the Nation of Islam flag and found it on here . The picture misleads the buyers . In the picture , it shows the actual Nation of Islam flag -LRB- the pole thing is on the left side and the flag is correct -RRB- . On the other hand , when I received the 2 flags I ordered , the pole thing has to be on the right side in order for the flag to look correct -LRB- with subtle differences -- bigger star , less enclosed crescent moon , etc. -RRB- . So , the picture lies . I ended up with 3 Turkish flags that I have to pin on my wall backwards in order to pass it off as the Nation of Islam flag . Embarrassing .
 In theory it is a great unit but where the door attaches it is not very robust . After a couple of years the plastic dries out and becomes brittle and breaks . I did a temp fix where the latch goes but then the hinge on the door rotted shortly after and there is no way to keep the door from flying off when you rotate .
 The design is extremely flimsy
 After just three years the edges had worn through . It was not overloaded and I rotated it just once/twice a week . The edges began to literally crumble . I threw it away ! -LRB- Actually , it was recycled -RRB- . The old adage prevails ... `` you get what you pay for '' . Stay away from this piece of junk .
 We liked the sound of this composter . We already have a 20-year old rectangular , upright plastic bin that produces great compost but requires a lot of work turning and emptying , plus a large metal rotating drum type that is turned with a handle - also produces great compost with a lot less work . However , we felt we could use some more compost . With very limited space the Envirocycle composter seemed like it might provide us with a little more compost while fitting into the only available space , and be easy to use into the bargain.We 've only had it for a week . It has two weak spots . First , the latch for the door is extremely difficult to operate , and since we need access every day that 's a major problem . It 's very hard to close , and once closed fits so tightly it 's almost impossible to open without using something to pry it open with . The protrusion for the thumb to press against is so shallow you ca n't get any purchase on it . The latch is also very flimsy , and like one other reviewer , we can see it breaking down the road.The second problem is that one area of the drum does not totally clear the base when rotated . Otherwise the drum rotates easily until we come to that spot . -LRB- We were very careful to level the place the base sits on . -RRB- We do n't know what scraping against the base will do to the drum long-term . This is necessarily a very preliminary review . We still have to see what kind of compost it produces , and if it 's good , it might be worth it , but right now we 're not sure we would buy this again.Update , May 2012After trying to use this for nearly a year , we have concluded it 's a complete waste of money . We should have known better - all advice about composters says you need a certain bulk -LRB- they usually say 3 ' x 3 ' x 3 ' minimum -RRB- and this just does not have it . It dries out in a flash and we have not ended up with any useable compost - our material would break down better if just dug into the garden . The handle , however , has not broken off , though it is no easier to use .
 I 've tried this unit for two winters in Vermont . The compost just sits in there and freezes to a solid mass . In spring I still have all the garbage , and it is impossible to get the soggy gook out of the small opening . I do use leaves and kitchen wastes , as well as the enzymes sold to go with the unit . Am I missing something ?
 It came without instructions . It remains unused because of lack of instructions . If I could do it over , I would not purchase it .
 Not worth cost . It is just a plastic drum , you can make one for a lot less that would produce the same compost . I would not recommend purchasing .
 Far from being easy to use , the compost basically turned to mush and stuck to one side of the cylinder in a heavy -LRB- off-balanced -RRB- lump that made the composter impossible to turn . I stopped adding to it at the beginning of winter and by summer the contents still had n't been composted . If you 're unable to turn it -LRB- which you will be if you add any significant amount of kitchen waste -RRB- it simply will not compost in any timely manner . Also , once the compost gets all gooey and matted down and can not be tossed anymore it creates the perfect environment for anaerobic bacteria to breed , which cases a noxious odor from the composter . The compost tea never collected in the base , I guess we were supposed to poke holes in the base ourselves to let the tea enter it , but no one bothered to mentioned that , so the tea just ran wherever and added to the smelliness . Once it came time to give up on it and dump the compost out I could n't figure out how to get that little door off -LRB- the book says it comes off but does n't say what the trick is to successfully remove it without breaking it off completely -RRB- . That made it really difficult to remove the slimy mushiness inside . I actually think the plastic is plenty durable and likely to last a fairly long time , just not at my house ...
 It 's a nice idea , and I really liked the compact size . Unfortunately , to my detriment , I ignored the other reviewers ' comments about the door latch and took a chance on this . I will never ignore the Amazon reviews again ! This is what I 've found in just a couple of weeks of use :1 . The slits for air movement/drainage of compost tea are a total drawback . Liquid drains out as you turn the bin and basically covers the middle circumference of the outside part of the bin . You will be unpleasantly surprised to find that that is where you put your hands to turn it ! 2 . The depressions along the middle of the bin are for turning , which in theory is a nice idea . Reality is that they are not deep enough , and do n't provide you with enough leverage . Add in the effluent-soaked surfaces and you will never be able to turn it ! It began to be very difficult to turn it even at half full , and I am not a weak guy . If you have the right amount of moisture , the compost will be somewhat sticky anyway , so you have to turn it until the compost heaves over leaving you having to lift the weight of the mass until that happens . Do this over and over again , it does n't get any easier as you turn .3 . The Lid . Oh my , where do I begin . I distinctly remember one of the reviewers saying they were waiting for the lid to come off while turning . Well it happened to me as soon as I got enough material in there -LRB- 60 % full -RRB- . -LRB- If that is overfilling it then the capacity is so low as to make this unit useless . -RRB- Have fun cleaning up the rotted , smelly organic matter that covers your hand grips and falls all over your driveway . First of all , the latch is laughable as others have said . It is less than flimsy . I was doubtful about it just opening the box . It is a thin piece of plastic in the shape of ` C ' that is supposed to keep the lid closed but moves backwards on its own , and the edges are completely smooth . There is no way to keep this piece of thin plastic solidly in its hole . Also , the hinge itself is a round pin that the lid end is on , and also does not have any way of keeping it from coming off . So , as soon as you have enough material , BOOM , the latch and hinge fail and the whole lid is on the ground with a fair amount of compost on the floor.So , in sum , if you buy this exact type of compost bin , you are doing yourself a disservice . Unless you do n't really like yourself and like to have more problems than solutions , then it 's okay . Absolutely do n't buy this piece of junk . For $ 150 bucks you should expect better .
 This kit was purchased with a battery operated timer , also by Raindrip.I have a fair amount of experience with plumbing and different threads and this fact did not help me with the leaks in and around the antisiphon , 1/4 '' hose adapter or flow regulator . No combination of washers could eliminate the leaks in the swivel fittings . At least it only leaks during the watering periods , the valve in the timer is water tight .
 This product description states repeatedly that it includes 1/2 inch poly tubing and a 3/4 in swivel adapter to 1/2 inch compression fitting . In fact it contains 75 feet of 1/4 inch poly tubing and a 3/4 inch swivel adapter to 1/4 inch compression fitting . This has been mentioned in at least 1 other review and I think it irresponsible not to correct the description .
 This is the second box I purchased . The first box had everything . The second is missing some important pieces
 You can not review a product that you do not receive . The picture is correct if you want a OR534-18 , a 5 3/4 disk with a 7/8 in arbor and 1/8 in thick disk . however what you get is a 4 1/8 inch disk and when contacted the seller about possible mistake he stated that this 4 1/8 in disk is what is advertised . NOT According to the PICTURE and part number on the picture and to include the over all size of the disk .
 Constructed hammock stand properly , sat in hammock and stand immediately broke . The wood is cheap and snapped in half . I would not recommend this product .
 This product arrived with no hardware for assembling it . Until I receive the missing parts I ca n't actually judge the product . Unfortunately this makes my experience both disappointing and irritating !
 I agree with Debbie B 's review . This item is cheap and does not stand the test of time . I did n't even have it one month before it was completely flat ! Very unhappy and expected better from this store - ESPECIALLY considering the high price and expensive shipping .
 I could n't be more dissapointed . This is a $ 5 item in my estimation , certainly not a $ 23-plus-shipping investment . Too bad I ordered an item with no customer reviews . Apparently others were more astute than I and could tell by looking at it in the photo that it was only a piece of neoprene foam in some cheap fabric . Your derriere will not notice any significant cushioning !
 These are ultra-sensitive traps that do work , if you can keep them from snapping as you set them down , if you can even set the trap itself , and if vibration from your HVAC or kids running or a truck going by or a big fart do not cause these stupid things to go off . You will have to waste a lot of time setting these . Not worth the effort . Buy the re-usable traps . Only a couple bucks more and they last many years . And they work really well . Simply pull them back and they click into place . They are not as sensitive , but I have killed three mice with one in the last few months . Do not buy these Victor duds unless you truly like playing with traps for no good reason . Or combine the two types , so you will see how effective they are for yourself .
 1 star is being overly generous.I did n't buy mine from Amazon . But I have been trying these and find themuseless . The mice seem to think they are a deli bar ... either they eat the bait and it does n't go off ... or it goes off on its on.Then they come and eat the bait.Its either that or I have Houdini trained mice.I wo n't be trying these ever again .
 Worst mousetrap ever !! I purchased 2 4 packs , could only set 2 out of 8 . The 2 that worked set easily , but the other 6 will not set . I carefully read through the comments from others that explained how they had no problems , but no technique that they mentioned works . I am assuming the company has little or no quality control . Worthless and dangerous . I wish I could have given them zero stars .
 These traps are the worse piece of junk I ever bought . Impossible to set , especially if you 're using peanut butter and the rod gets oily . Forget it
 COMPARED TO MORE SOPHISTICATED MOUSE TRAPS , IT IS TIME TOR ETIRE THIS DEVICE . IT IS ALL BUT IMPOSSILBE TO SET AND I HAD MY FINGERS SLAPPED MANY TIMES IN ATTEMPTS TO SET THE TRAPS . A DEFINITE PASS .
 I have a few &#34; Victor &#34; mousetraps I bought locally a couple years ago , but needed more because my wife sees mouse traps as one time use devices and throws the whole thing out when they catch something . I figured it was fine to buy this batch online since it is the same Victor brand . These were terrible . All 4 when set would not even hold under their own weight once I flipped them right side up . Forget about putting any peanut butter on the trap . The two old ones still work fine . These are very , very cheaply made and do n't work . Do not waste your money . I feel ripped off , but I am not about to bother with the whole returns process for three bucks .
 I should have read the reviews for this before buying it . These things are extremely dangerous to set and they go off randomly . THEY DO N'T WORK ! Will try to return .
 I disagree with the reviewer who states that one side of the yellow plastic bait seat is not sensitive.Thes things can not be set unless you have the hands of a surgeon and set them `` in place `` Then ... if you do get it set after several attempts , then walk softly or as you walk away , the trap will go off.I am having trouble finding the original metal bait seat version which is perplexing.Why would they replace something that works perfectly with something that isAbsolute junk ! ... ? Forgive the annoyed tone of this ... I just finished the tenth attempt to set one of these ridiculous things under a sink cabinet , where it is nescessary to set it THEN move it into place.Not possible with these yellow bait seats .
 I 've had a lot of experience using these and I do n't like them . They are so poorly made that half are impossible to set , because the bar that attaches to the bait paddle was n't installed correctly . Sometimes you can bend it and get it to work , but then it may or may not be sensitive enough to activate when a mouse touches the paddle . I 've gone back to the store , and bought more , thinking it was a bad lot , but have had the same problem over and over . Forget baitless , the traps still need to be baited . I recommend smearing peanut butter across the paddle . After throwing away the half that ca n't be set , the remaining ones do catch mice , but I recommend buying the traditional snap trap with a metal bait petal . Victor still sells them on their website , and recently Home Depot started selling them . They are actually much easier to set and of a recent package of four , all four set easily , and each one caught mice .
 Whoever designed this piece of garbage should repeatedly have their thumbs smashed , because that 's what 's going to happen to anyone who tries to set this piece of junk .
 if you want to keep your mice fat & happy , this is the trap to get . nothing fattens up a mouse more than a great buffet table . i bought eight traps , three would not engage , three `` snapped '' but caught no mice , but they enjoyed the peanut butter . one did not `` snap '' , but all of the peanut butter was gone , and another one did not `` snap '' but most of the bait was taken ... do not waste your $ $ on these ; unless you love mice ...
 The plastic part on the trap is not as good as the metal ones . The yellow plastic thing does n't hold the stay wire , and half the traps ca n't be set . Look for the ones with the metal bait area , not sure if Victor is making those anymore or what , but these new ones are junk .
 It is a piece of junk that snaps down on your finger or just triggers off on its own ... It certainly is a step backwards from the metal traps ... in essence in the 21 Century they still have n't invented a BETTER MOUSE TRAP ...
 I agree with the reviewers who describe how difficult these traps are to set.I liken it to bomb disposal where the trap might explode at any moment -LSB- and frequently does ... -RSB- And one does get very tense and protective of one 's fingers ... I was on the point of returning my 4 packs of these traps when I had a thought.After baiting and setting the trap , I placed a screwdriver shank along the pedal hinge -LSB- i.e. under the pedal , at right-angles to the trap -RSB- to support the pedal in its ~ 45 degree position.I then placed the trap in position and gently eased the screwdriver out from underneath the pedal.My success rate for setting these traps has gone from 0 % to 100 % . Logic dictates that the greater surface area of the pedal -LSB- as compared with the Victor metal variety -RSB- should yield a greater kill rate . We shall see . 1:1 kills-to-trap-sprung ratio so far.So take heart -- do n't throw these away just yet !
 Wont set ... took to youtube and here to see if I was doing it wrong . I was not , just to hard to get to set . Really bad product . This review is for the plastic version of the old reliable metal trap .
 So sensitive I can not even sit the damn thing down on the floor , even when I TRY to set it on the firm side . So sensitive if you do get it on the floor it goes off too easily and does not always get the mouse . It is unfortunate this is the only snap trap the store I went to sells .
 this has got to be one of the worst products ive seen lately ... i have a little problem , i buy a product to resolve problem , not only does the product NOT solve the problem but makes things much worse ... these traps do not set easily ... only buy them if you dont want the problem to be solved ... ive bought 4 packs of 4 and only have been able to use 2 traps ... uuuugh !
 `` Easy set '' - man , that is the most false of any claim I 've seen on a product.So , in a set of 4 , two were completely defective -LRB- one had no spring action , the other was missing a piece and could not be set -RRB- . Of the other two , we were only successful in setting one of them.Successful ? Only after a dozen attempts to set it , getting stung fingers and scaring the hell out of us.Once set , very effective ! Caught two of the little beasts , one within 5 minutes of setting it . However , trying to set it a third time was impossible . The only thing I can think of is there was some problem where this flimsy item got misaligned or messed up so it could n't set anymore . : - -LRB- I 'm hoping the Snap-E trap that is arriving soon is easier to set and is sturdier . I 'm willing to pay more for that .
 I bought 3 packs of 4 of these traps , Victor M038 . Of the 12 traps I could only get 2 of them to set , the yellow trigger plate does not work with the latch at all . There was no way possible to get the traps to set , very frustrating .
 The spring wire will not stay in position on the plastic bait tray , which leads to much frustration and possibly some sore fingers . Why this plastic tray instead of the metal piece that has been the design for years ?? I can not answer , but I 'm certain that someone at Victor must be answering for this horrible design change . Unless , it 's about profit margins , which means the product will never be the same again .
 As a previous reviewer said , this new design with the plastic bait tray just wo n't set properly . The lip is way too small for the arm to stay in place without the least movement springing the trap . Maybe if you have the hands of an eye surgeon you could set it in place , but most of my time was spent either resetting the trap after trying to put it in place , or not daring to breathe as I ever so carefully scooted it into position.There are much better mousetraps , including other styles made by Victor .
 I bought four traps . It is very difficult to set them , and they are dangerous . The plastic trap has an insufficiently deep seat for the locking bar , so it is unlocking when you are trying to place the trap on the floor . Eventually I managed to set two and to kill two mice , but the third trap jumped up and strongly hit my thumb . The use of this Victor device should be banned .
 I have tried these plastic cheese ones . They have never caught anything . Luckily I can still get the old metal ones . I put a raisen smeared with peanut butter . They catch the mice . Out of curiosity I used both traps in the same area in my crawl space . All of the metal ones caught a mouse none of the `` cheese '' ones did .
 I 've tried these over the last few weeks , I got a package of 4 of them . The problem is that the design is really pretty bad and the mouse is n't heavy enough to trip the trap . The mouse just eats the bait right off the trap and never sets it off.I miss the old wood and metal ones ! They worked every time and now they are so hard to find !
 Let me start by saying , I know how to set a mouse trap . Do n't tell me I just do n't understand the product.I started by setting the trap , which was simple , I did n't get snapped , and had no trouble at all . I did n't bait it , since you are n't supposed to need to . Nothing happened . In two days I caught nothing.I decided to try a little bait . I spread a bit of peanut butter on the yellow part , making sure to really get it in there so they could n't just lick it off gently.Nothing happened the first day . The second day it was licked practically clean but had never snapped.I set another one and poked at it with a knife . I banged it , I pushed it , and finally when I PRIED at the yellow thing it finally snapped . No wonder the mice had a nice lunch and nothing more!Totally useless . I finally caught my mouse with a toilet paper roll and a wastebasket .
 I set up multiple traps where I saw the mouse running . I included some peanut butter . I then watched the mouse run over them multiple times without the trap snapping . The mouse then decided to sit there and eat the peanut butter . They are not sensitive enough to catch the mouse . Go with the metal version -LRB- which was not sold at my local grocery store -RRB- .
 I was using the mouse trap with the metal tab and did n't have any problems . I went to the store and this was all I could find at the time , so I figured why not . I had no problems setting the trap but the suppose natural smell to attract the mice did n't work . I ended up putting a dab of peanut butter on the yellow tab . That attracted the mouse , but he only got his tail caught and was able to get out . I am going back to using the mouse cubes , a little bit more work but they work .
 I accidentally let a rat go in my house that was meant for snake food and I needed to take care of it before he did any real damage . But there was no way I was going to get this trap set and not trip if someone slam a car door in the driveway . So , I happened to have had some old bait blocks and went with that . Within a minute after putting a block just behind the fridge , there was our little snake snack taking the block and buying his one way ticket to all rat heaven . Now personally , I would have rather caught him with the trap instead of having to find his remains , but there was absolutely no way to set these traps . Three of us tried and all failed . If I did get it to set , it went off from the ceiling fan blowing on it . TOTAL JUNK !!!!!
 I had some of these from a few years ago , used cheese as bait -LRB- I was using the old type without the fake cheese -RRB- They take the bait , set-off the trap and escape . There IS a great mousetrap made by Ortho . Bait it , cock it and place it . I think they are about $ 2.50 or more each but your nerves and fingers will thank you.As far as `` artificial cheese '' , It seems a bit silly and prone to error . Peanut butter , heated on the standard bait holder works great . Heat with a lighter until peanut butter hardens ... but take my advice and look at the Ortho traps . They kill quickly , little to no pain for the animal . I hate killing them , honestly . They are n't so different from us ...
 I trusted this trap because of the name . This is the old company that made probably every trap I 've ever owned . But when I opened my 4 pack , I can only get 1 of 4 to set . On the other 3 , the wire that has to hook the plastic just will not do it . I do n't know if it is too short or too slick but I ca n't get the wire to hold at all . It snaps before I can even set it down . I tried to put something under it to hold the cheese platform up - which worked - but a mouse is n't heavy or rough enough to set it then . I am going to try some of the other suggestions here but it should n't be this much trouble to set a trap . I wish I could go back to the old type .
 Bought 4 and all four were NOT successful . The ONLY thing worse than having a mouse in your pantry is walking in after a bunch of traps go off to a see all 4 baits gone and the traps EMPTY ! Unbelievably useless . How does this company stay in business with no ` repeat ' customers . What 's equally as frustrating is how HARD these were to SET ! It took my husband about 20min to set 4 traps . What a waste of money and time : - -LRB-
 At first I set these at an extreme angle to no avail . Then I read the reviewer that explained to keep it around a 30 degree angle . Tried that as well and none of these traps have even been set off , let alone caught as mouse . I even tried putting some peanut butter on them.Oh , one did get my toe that I had set up in the kitchen . Thanks for nothing . Stick to the original traps . -LRB- although 2 have been set off tonight without catching anything -RRB- This is just another reason to dislike the cold weather ! I hate mice in my house .
 There are tons of reviews that tel how to set properly and I still find the cheese platform is too slick to catch the wire . the only way I can set it is about 45 degree angle then it wont fire . Im going back to the old wire catch traps cause this one sucks !
 These pieces of junk are near impossible to set . After fiddling with one for almost 10 minutes , I finally got it set , only to have it go off when I `` gently '' sat it down on the floor . I 'll never buy another thing from this company .
 These traps are virtually impossible to set . Therefore a total waste of your money and effort . One star is way too high . However the equivalent traps made by J T Eaton , also available on Amazon , are great . Eaton 's set the first time , all the time . Trust me , I live in a very old house in the northeast , unfortunately get a lot of mice in the winter in my attics and have had a great deal of experience over years with Victor and recently Eaton . BUY THE EATON traps .
 So , I read the reviews on here advising how to properly set these up and all I can say is THEY DO N'T WORK.Out of desperation I even tried putting some peanut butter on the plastic cheese . Well , all that did was serve as a plate for some mouse to eat his peanut butter for dinner -LRB- and it did n't spring the trap ; tho it almost sprang my fingers a few times setting it -RRB- . Stay away from these and get the plain , old fashioned ones w/o the plastic cheese .
 These things will not set . The bar connects to a cheap piece of plastic that is so slick the bar slides right off . Tried to set all 4 from the package and not a single one would stay set .
 I agree with the many other reviewers who feel this mousetrap is JUNK ! Look for the older style with the metal bait platform and triggerwire catch if you can find 'em - they actually catch mice -LRB- as opposed to just feeding them -RRB- . This M038 model with the plastic bait platform misses at least 50 % of the time and that 's if you are able to set the darn thing in the first place .
 These traps are nearly impossible to set properly ! You have to HOLD the fake cheese pedal at a 45 degree angle and somehow hook the bar underneath it . Not only is it extremely difficult to set these , the method you have to use to set these traps ensures that you will snap your fingers in one of them . There are two sides , one set to `` sensitive '' -LRB- which is completely impossible -RRB- and the other is `` firm . '' If you try setting it to sensitive , you will not get it to latch and will more than likely snap on your fingers . The `` firm '' setting is equally worthless and odds are that 90 out of 100 times trying to set the trap , you will fail.Out of the pack of 4 , I got two of the traps to set ... this was after messing with each one for about 15-20 minutes ... EACH ONE ! The other two in the pack are worthless and will not set no matter what.For a company that has been making mouse traps as long as I have been alive , I am extremely disappointed in the piss poor engineering of these traps . Someone should be fired for sure , as I will not be buying Victor traps ever again after purchasing this product.The cliche `` how to build a better mouse trap '' is obviously not in the ethos of this company !
 I fell for the `` no bait '' gimmick . Duh ! I have since learned that mice find food by scent , and they do n't see very well , besides being active mainly in the dark . Therefore , yellow plastic cheese replicas mean nothing to them . I had one of these in the garage for a few weeks with no other traps and caught nothing . I tried baiting the fake cheese trap and still never caught anything ! Then I put in a regular snap trap with a bit of saltine as bait - successful mouse kill soon after . Lesson learned :-RRB- .
 Peanut butter continues to disappear , and the trap remains set . bottom line is that the trap is n't sensitive enough to catch mice . back to the good ole fashioned ones .
 i guess victor went cheapo and started to use a plastic trip mechanism rather than the 100 year old tried and true metal one ... the plastic does n't trip properly ... my mouse is smarter than victor ... s/he ate the peanut butter and got away scott free ...
 Contrary to others ' complaints , I find these to be a lot easier to set than the old-school metal paddle traps , but that 's where any perceived improvement ends . I went with these ones because they 're the only ones that were available in the stores -LRB- besides poison and glue , which I hate using -RRB- . I brought them home , I put peanut butter on the plastic piece , set them and left them overnight . When I came back in the morning , all the bait was gone on one trap , and half licked off on another trap without them being triggered . Now I know that I set them correctly because when I dropped a little chocolate chip on there -LRB- my next bait -RRB- it triggered the traps fine.Next , I tried gluing both walnuts and chocolate chips to the triggers . They left the walnuts alone , but went for the chocolate chips . They still ate the chip off of the trap without triggering.I think the reason that these are n't working is that there is only one direction that these will trigger , and that 's by pressing down . If you push from the sides or even up , it will not trigger . So when the mouse pulls on the bait , it does n't trigger because it 's pulling up or sideways . The old traps with the metal paddles would trigger if you so much as breathed on them . The last time I used one , I caught 5 mice and a mole in the space of two days , and never saw a mouse in that house again -LRB- with only one trap , and did n't even need to change the bait -RRB- . I wish I could find some somewhere now because I still have at least one mouse running around my cupboard , eating my baits , and I 'm kind of pissed off about it .
 After almost breaking my fingers trying to set bar -LRB- it kept sliding out of window and snapping -RRB- I finally set it and re-set it three times -LRB- as soon as you set it down it snaps , even on firm setting.DANGER : KEEP YOUR FINGERS CLEAR OR YOU 'LL LOOSE THEM -RRB- only to find out that my mice are not that stupid to eat piece of plastic until I put peanut butter on it.Ever see peanut butter fly?Just put some on this trap and set it in place.As soon as you set it down , it snaps and peanut butter flies.Keep your face out of way.Don ' t waste your money on this junk.Want to catch mice safely?Buy their metal snap trap , put some peanut butter on it and collect dead mice.I am just surprised that they are allowed to sell such dangerous product .
 I have used these Victor mousetraps over the years . It used to be a simple device , with a metal trap , metal bar to hold it in place on the little metal plate where the device was latched and the bait placed . I was shopping for a mousetrap and saw the familiar Victor name on a pack of two mousetraps . Instead of the metal bait/latching area , there is now a yellow plastic thing in place which is very hard to latch . It took to me about 20 attempts to get it latched properly and I came close to snapping the trap on my own fingers . This is more trouble than it 's worth . Probably the company found it cheaper to use plastic for the bait/latching area instead of metal . I will never buy this mousetrap brand again . Hey , Victor Mousetraps
 The old ones with the metal paddle work great . this stupid PLASTIC CHEESE is will barely stay set for 3 seconds . Yes , there is a firm and sensitive side ... but believe me , it should be `` retardedly sensitive '' and `` does n't even f-king work '' sides.DO NOT BUY THESE !!! trust me , trust me , trust me . Buy the old school Victor traps with the Metal trigger . . I just threw these away . useless .
 Thanks to these traps , the mice in my barn are now well-trained to avoid traps in general . I do n't have any trouble setting the traps , and they go off with enough force to flip them across the hay stall -- but they never catch the mouse . I have n't had this issue with any other kind of basic spring trap .
 Very poor quality control . For this trap to set properly the components must be placed fairly accurately on the platform . There is a lot of variation in their placement , to the point some traps ca n't be set or are too sensitive . Nothing like creating a product that bites the customers fingers . Genius marketing . Perhaps the company wants to show a loss for tax reasons .
 I gave these traps four tries ! The first time I used them as suggested , no mice , however , I know I had mice to catch -LRB- saw them , saw their poop , saw what they were eating a leaving behind -RRB- The next try
 I 've used the old version of this trap , the one with the metal bait platform , for many years and had 100 % success . This version works about 25 % of the time . Either the mouse takes the bait without setting off the trap or it releases spontaneously due to temperature change or minor floor vibrations . Living in the country I have to set traps indoors and in unheated out buildings.For bait I use sunflower seed from the bird feeder because it does n't get rancid , you do n't have to be refresh it on a regular basis , it 's not messy , and it is easy to secure on the metal bait platform . This is not the case with this version where you have to use seed just the right diameter to securely insert it in one of the holes in the plastic platform without destroying the seed .
 These have got to be one of the worst mouse traps i 've ever used . I doubted the negative reviews and bought a pack to try out b/c it was cheap , but the reviews were n't lying , you will not be able to get them to set . If you do manage to get one set , it wont ' be Easy like the manufacture claims . I will be returning them b/c i ca n't believe they actually sell this garbage , what a rip off . Very suprised it has n't been discontinued yet .
 I tried setting eight traps about thirty times . Not exactly `` Easy-Set '' in any way . I 'm sitting here very angry , smelling of the peanut butter that got flung all over me when the traps inevitably went off in my hands , and with hurt fingers from trying to set these pieces of junk into place.Buy a cat , set poison , get more expensive traps . You 'll be much less frustrated .
 These traps are so cheaply made half of them would not even set and the ones that did started falling apare within a week .
 These traps work just fine once you are able to set and place them as you want . It often takes two or three tries , including a few near-heart attacks to get them to set properly without snapping closed before you are able to get your hand off of them .
 Okay , I live in the country so I get mice when the cold weather hits ... I put these in the basement and caught a couple after spending a frustrating time of setting them . I thought it was me until I read other people had a hard time too ... they snap sooooo easy and are difficult to get them just right . I say they work 1 out of 4 times or so . The mouse gets a treat and the trap is either set or snapped . I had one ` get away ' injured ... did n't kill him . I 'm getting the electronic one and the old fashion snap traps . My cat tells me the cellar is all clear for now .
 I have bruised fingers from trying to set them . Then I would gently put them on the floor and they would trip as I walked away ! DO NOT BUY !!!!!
 OR the title should be `` We 'll Have Chunky Peanut Butter and 3 Mouse Traps To-Go '' . When these traps arrived I happily set ALL FOUR with chunky peanut butter and awaited victory over my pest-y intruders . The laugh is on me because THREE bastards escaped WITH the traps in tow . I heard the traps snap and the squeals BUT NO TRAPS OR DEAD victims to be found !!! So now I 'm awaiting a few surprises ... decaying stench , mummified mouse remains when I least expect it OR the biggest vengeful pests awaiting my dumb arse for buying , baiting and expecting clean kills . Having used these before , I knew they could be tripped , but usually said victims were within a few feet of the trap ... a bloody mess , but DEAD!ONE taunting trap remains baited and untouched ... Not sure WHO is getting the last laugh.UPDATE 8/7/2012
 Please understand - I live in Alaska where trapping is still a way of life for some that I support , but in any kind trapping I believe in a quick kill . I have an infestation of red-backed voles eating up my garden in summer and digesting my lawn under snow cover all winter . These guys have got to go ! Last year I used the standard mouse trap , where the bait draws the vole 's head close in to get the food , springing the trap down on its head for a pretty quick kill . The reason I 'm unhappy with these Victor M038 traps is they appear to be designed to snap as a vole or mouse runs across it . After putting them out I quickly trapped three voles , but two were trapped at the front shoulder , another by the hindquarter . In all cases the voles did not die quickly and were thrashing about in the trap , leaving me to kill them quickly by stomping on them with my booted foot . Definitely unpleasant but better than letting them thrash their way to a slow death . I hesitated but then decided to pull all my M038 traps as I just did n't feel good about their trapping method . I still have to reduce the vole population but will return to the old style that lures their head in under the snap bar , and not random body parts , and are just as effective .
 In all my years , I have never written a bad review , until now . I bought 3-packs of these and tried all of them , with only 20 % success at setting the trap . If you are skillful enough to set it , you have to be extremely careful to set it down . It snaped on me multiple times when i was just pushing it with a stick on the floor . Also the directions say to lift the plastic lever 45 degrees while you are springing the trap . Do they realize that when you are doing this , the finger you are using to lift the lever is in the zone of the the trap spring ? I got snapped a few times and decided to quit trying this . Bad design.I will say that the 3 that I did manage to set did kill the mice , but in my opinion is not worth the fustration .
 This trap is nearly impossible to set , either on sensitive setting or on firm setting . After about 20 times , it finally set and then went off as I walked away . I visited the youtube channel the company provides as instruction and that 's a joke too . The bottom line is this design is a disaster and I ca n't believe they are still selling them .
 I have used these before this last attempt with them . With a lot of careful work reminiscent of a bomb disposal expert , I did manage to get the odd one set , but it was a very stressful affair.Little mousey is back , so I recently bought another packet . Try as I might , I could not get the first two to set . In frustration , I threw them in the garbage , and headed off to Home Depot to find a better design . Low and behold , the shelves are stocked with Victor mouse traps - but they 're the old design!Could it be that Victor have read the endless unfavourable reviews of the new design , and decided to go back to the old version that worked ? We can live in hope.Anyway , I returned home with the older design -LRB- the ones with the metal trigger -RRB- , had three of them set up in no time at all , and they 're now lying in wait.Let 's hope Victor have had a change of heart on their new design .
 Two nights in a row my resident mouse -LRB- or as I know refer to him `` The Brain '' -RRB- has eaten the peanut butter and gotten away without tripping that trap . I gave it two stars because unlike other reviewers I did n't have problems setting the traps .
 The review by S. Diamond is right on . The traps are extremely frustrating to set and will trigger many times in you hand before the tenstion bar will engage with the plastic paddle . If you are not careful you can get your finger trapped . I 've had to throw some away because I could never get the tension bar to stay engaged . Also the cheese paddle does not attract mice . Only when I put some cheese on the paddle are mice attracted and about 1/3 of the time the mouse gets the cheese without triggering the trap .
 I heard thrashing for a minute or two , after the snap . When I went to check on it , the poor thing was barely under it , and it was snapped across it 's eye and right below it 's other eye , causing the eye to pop out ! There was blood slung all over the place from the thrashing , and it 's mouth and snout area was all caved in . So much for being humane ! It was horrible ! I just shut the cabinet and wrote a note for my husband to `` check '' it before work ... I ca n't bear to look at it anymore , and I do n't know whether to cry or throw up or start drinking.I had some `` regular '' mouse traps work perfectly and snap the neck , not the face ! They were the metal type with the tiny catch . The catch for these are way too big , only allowing for the snout to tap the edge before the wire comes down and breaks their faces .
 Agree with a previous review about the poor design , specifically on the plastic petal . The plastic petal can not support enough weight -LRB- of cheese or whatever bait -RRB- without losing it 's tension on the locking bar and releasing the bow . Unless you 're very patient with lots of time on your hands , do n't buy this trap .
 I still have n't found all of the cracks in my fixer-upper house where a HEARD of mice had come in and quickly reproduced like crazy . I bought live-catch traps but quickly realized they were n't going to be anywhere 's near effective enough and regretably I needed to buy the most humanely possible kill traps . These yellow-plap Victor mouse traps were available locally so I bought 4 of them but I could only get 3 of them to set and after they had snapped once I could only get one to reset . I thought the store I bought them from may have recieved a shippment that missed ta quality inspection so I bought more from a lumber yard ; but unfortunately I had the same identical experience . I tried angeling the flap way up and even tried bending the copper bar in various ways in hopes of being able to use them more than once , but to no avail . These yellow-flap snap-traps only last for zero , one or maybe two catches before they 're ` worn out ' . ~ I think it 's important to offer helpful options and solutions when I find a problematic product , SOooo ... The most effective remidy that FINALLY helped me win this two year war against the mice was to invest $ 36 in 2 of the Victor electronic mouse traps . They 've been very effective , they do n't creep me out to empty them , I 'VE REUSED THEM TO CATCH DOZENS OF MICE and beside occasionally needing to change batteries , I do n't see how they could break or wear out . HOWEVER , several persons experienced a ` learning curve ' with them but they were helpful enough to leave reviews explaining the FEW things they had overlooked or did n't understand about the electronic traps . I found a few additional tips or tricks to make the electronic trips even more effective -LRB- which you can read by clicking on ` see her other reviews -RRB- but I can gladly say that my mice population is finally gone .
 The classic Victor mouse trap , with the copper toned metal food pedal , has been around for decades , is easy to set up and works well . This newer trap , with the yellow plastic pedal , is poorly designed and a pain to set . Too often the locking bar does not readily hold the bow in place before being set in place . The bow can readily snap when placed on the floor . And if not careful , the bow can also snap on your fingers during the trap setting process . I have also had to throw away several traps because the `` killing '' bow looses its tension after snapping at random . The problem ? The lip of the plastic pedals does n't always hold the locking bar in place as well as the metal pedal traps . Also , the bow -- at least to me -- appears to have too much tension compared with the classic Victor traps . The traps with the metal food pedal is still made by Victor . Unfortunately , these classic trap are getting harder to find . National chains , such as Home Depot , only carry the Victor traps with the plastic pedal . Try your local traditional hardware store .
 For anyone who needed any evidence that PETA really do have their greasy -LRB- from the soybeans -RRB- fingers in everything , here follows the proof . They even control the mousetrap manufacturers these days!I have used the old style metal traps for years and have seen that less and less stores were carrying them , down now to one that I know of in my town . I recently moved up the road and have a mouse problem in my house . So not wanting to make the trip across town I tried the newer plastic cheese ones . Set them , unbaited on the `` sensitive '' setting , for several weeks . Nothing ! Smeared them with peanut butter and put them back out , still on `` sensitive '' and nothing caught , though the pb was disappearing . `` Obviously worthless for mice , '' thought I , and just left them there . For 2 months now , nothing caught in the set traps though I see mice running across my floor.Sooo , I am also raising 30 chickens , whose grain I keep in my screened in porch . Chipmunks have been getting in through a hole and eating it . As I was sitting out there this afternoon , I saw one come in and head for the feed . Could n't very well shoot it on my porch , so I stood up and it took off . I grabbed two traps , smeared new PB , pressed grain into the pb , and set in on `` sensitive '' . `` Well , surely a weighty chipmunk will be enough to trigger these pathetic rodent ridders , '' I said . -LRB- We country folks talk to ourselves not infrequently ... -RRB- Watched my adversary come back in a few minutes , eat the grain off the pb , lick the pb off the traps ' triggers , and head to the corner where it commenced packing its mouth . I stuffed a rag in the hole and chased the little @ # $ % er around beating at it with a dropcloth until I killed it , during the chase it RAN over the traps 5 or more times!Needless to say , these traps are now in the garbage and the old style traps of a different brand , sold by this very site , are now on their way !
 A better mousetrap ???? I think not . The things would not set or stay set by the time I tried to set it in place . One of them the problem was that the catch was too far from the end of the arm and would not even secure . They were bought at WalMart and the receipt thrown out , so $ $ is lost . Progress has consequences . Not good !
 My local stores no longer carry the metal pedal type of trap . These plastic pedal types are all anyone carries locally any more . I can not understand why Victor would make these , and why stores would swap the old style with this junk . They 're nearly impossible to set . The nylon/plastic pedal is too slippery to hold the pin . I 've had to throw away more than half of these because they wo n't set . I have a lifetime of experience setting mouse traps in horse barns , garages , houses . So I 'm not exactly a novice mouse trap user . And yes , these traps do actually work when you can find one in a pack that will set . But save your money and your fingertips by opting for the old Victor trap that has a metal pedal !
 Toro trimmers have a basic design flaw . Note all the people complaining about the line feed on this trimmer . This is not the only Toro model that has this problem.Like most trimmers , as the line gets shorter , you bump the trimmer on the ground to feed more line . But , with the Toro trimmer , the line breaks too close to the spool . So , you constantly have to stop , take it apart and manually feed more line.Also , the bump process does not work very well . You have to bump the trimmer and hold it down for awhile to get the line to feed . It almost never works on grass . It does work if you bump it on concrete , but it leaves a black mark.The pity is that the Toro does a very good job of trimming . It just takes a long time to trim even a small area , because you are always having to take it apart to get more line .
 I too purchased this item to replace my dead weed eater . I did some research and reading before I purchased this particular model , but clearly not in depth enough to discover the many shortcomings of this beast . The first annoying thing is where one plugs in the extension cord . Not only is the receptacle located in an awkward position -LRB- below the handle grips -RRB- , but it 's basically upside down in that one must either completely invert the beast to SEE the plug receptacles or nearly stand on one 's head to see them ... then try plugging the cord it , heaven forbid you have the plug backwards as you 'd be required to flip the beast over yet again to visualize which direction to place the plug . Never mind the fact that the receptacle is only two prong meaning the nice extension cord suited for three prongs BARELY fits in the receptacle space . Add to this annoyance the fact that there is no safety holder for the plug ... a minor tug on the line means the plug is pulled free and the beast flipping begins again . Although I 've mastered wrapping the cord around part of the handle to safeguard the cord , it 's still a rotten design . As for the `` bump and feed '' ... a brand new spool made no difference to the ongoing `` bump and where 'd the line go ? '' one endures . I can generally use the beast no more than 3-5 minutes before the line is mysterious sucked back into the spool ... aging , more beast flipping , course , that 's AFTER I have to unplug the rotten cord so that I do n't whack off part of my limbs unscrewing the spool . Lastly , the entire thing is just uncomfortable to use - it 's rather heavy , requires two hands at all times , lest you not need skin left on your ankles , and the bottom `` guide '' just gets in the way all the time . All in all , the most productive thing I accomplished with this hunk o ' junk was tossing it across the yard -LRB- yeah , I really did , sigh -RRB- with such force that I thought I should consider a career in hammer throwing for it sailed with ease . Basic is better ... back to the basic , standard weed eater series I go !
 I purchased a Toro electric to replace the Weed Eater that over a couple of years had lost its ability to feed line -- also by the bump method . Alas , Toro 's bump feed did not work more than a couple of lawn trimmings until it , too , ceased to advance . To make matters worse , doing that job with a Toro requires more hands -LRB- and patience -RRB- than I have . At least the Weed Eater was fairly quick and easy to advance the string by hand . Anybody know of a string trimmer that works ?
 Right out of the box , this trimmer never worked right . The line either feed itself out within minutes of use or disappeared completely inside . I spent more time on my hands and knees trying to get the cord to work right than I did using the trimmer.Also , my heavy duty extension cord would fall out of the socket too easily -- well , maybe just in time for each pause to deal with string.Definitely a flawed design . I had a Black and Decker before this that worked pretty well for a couple years - as a point of comparison .
 i had to bump this thing to get the line to come out so often that i put a hole in the spool assembly . try finding new parts for this thing . just try .
 I had the same problem with the nonfunctional string feed as the others . Additionally , the handle often came off . The handle is clipped onto the wand and is held in place by friction . There is no bolt to hold it securely in place . Finally , shield was coming loose because the plastic split in the place where it is attached to the motor.My previous trimmer was a Toro and it gave me many YEARS of service.When I first used this one , it was immediately apparent that it had a much less powerful motor than my old one . This model was much larger than my old one so I expected it to have a MORE powerful motor.Toro should reintroduce some of their old models that were designed to give service rather than conform to the latest fads in industrial design .
 Most of the folks complaining are complaining about the feed feature . I would be willing to bet they have lost the inner spring and do not realize it . I know this because I have lost two already . It is not mounted in there and when you open the feeder cassette it pops out . When you are hot and tired , you may not notice , I did n't . Yes it has low power . You only paid $ 40 buck . You want power , get a gas trimmer ! Or trim more often so that you are n't over working the poor motor.For the price it is a fair product .
 Bought a Silver Pro 2003 . Engine began surging 4 months after . Fixed by disasembling and cleaning carb.Talked to many shops ... all admitted the lawn boys run lean and surge as a result . Any amount of dirt in gas will lean out mixture even more . Result is disassembly and clean as necessary . Very bad in long run for 2 stroke engine - it gets its lube from the pre-mixed gas - lean mixture will result in poor lube and premature engine failure.My options :1 . re-jet the carb by drilling oversize orifices -LRB- about 1 % to 2 % -RRB- using `` numbered drills '' and reset the speed governor -LRB- tighten spring by `` one notch '' -LRB- will be talking to shops about this -RRB- , or2 . sell the mower and get a good 4 stroke like Honda , Husqvarna , or Toro.BTW , called lawn boy , like talking to robots . More info from shops and people in the trade , despite flashy lawn boy website . Suggestion for lawn boy
 The mower arrived with its handle bent so much the mower could not be assembled . Amazon said it was not their problem , `` take it up with Lawn-Boy '' , who said take it up with their local agent , who said take it up with UPS ! Lawn Boy say they ca n't send us a new handle , we have to get it from their agent , who say they 'll charge us for it . Lawn Boy say we 'll be reimbursed for the charge if we write to them , but I have my doubts . Everybody says `` thanks for the money , go away '' and we have a lawn mower that wo n't work .
 As a son of a mechanic and a mechanic my self I find good points and bad points about the lawn boy mower that I now own . My dad is now retired , so that puts me in my mid 40s . A person could say that I have some knowledge to support my statements . My statements about the Lawn Boy mower is good and bad.The good , when it is running it runs well it starts easly and bags the dry clipings good . The bag is easy to empty . I would think about getting another if it was not for the points that are negitive.The bad , the clipings plug up the tube going to the bag when the bag gets full and I have to reach into the tube and clear it . Some times Ihave to clear the tube from the bottom , which means I must put my hand under the mower where the blade is . I other other trouble with the mower is the magneto pickup burns out . This is the second lawn boy and both have burned out the spark producing part . Both mowers were just two years old . The part is about $ 35 dollars and take me about 15 min to install but I think the repair shop wants to eat ribeye for the whole shop on my account . I do not let young people use my mower from the danger of clearing the tube , and the continued use of a bad part makes this mechanic look for a better quality for the 300 dollars asked for this product.Over all the mower cuts as good as the murry , but I owned a cheap murry for eleven years with one repair to the handles .
 I just spent the last 3-4 hours trying to start my new Lawn Boy out of the box ... Still not started . The blade was hitting the side of the mower and would not turn . Now it just spins with nothing happening . I read the manuals over and over to no avail . The web site says '' pull the string then if it does n't start call for service '' . I called the help line and they said take it to a local dealer ? This was an expensive lawnmower for me to purchase and it has been all day and my grass is not cut with now idea when I will get it back . The dealer near my house is only 5 miles away but he has about 500 mowers to be serviced in front of mine . Needless to say this whole purchase has been a big mistake . Buying my next large item in a store not online . Also the UPS driver needed me to help him carry it into my yard and it looked like someone had dropped the box several times but not enough to refuse delivery .
 recieved all 5 packed in a small box , planted that day , so far i have 3 left , 2 died next day -LSB- looked bad out of box -RSB-
 In product description states , 12 pounds weight and I am saving over $ 100 . I only received one single unit?Not as stated in advertisement
 Went to use my blower and it had shorted out in the switch . Lasted one Fall season . I 'll be buying another , but a diff brand of course .
 Used it for about an hour , Fall of 2010 . Seemed to work great , lots of power.Just took it out -LRB- Fall 2011 -RRB- and it died after 20 mins of moderate use.The motor lost power and stopped working -LRB- this was while BLOWING , not mulching -RRB- - and the motor smelled like burned plastic . I reiterate , this happened while blowing - the motor was not under a load , as it would have been while mulching.I did n't purchase this from Amazon , and I 've lost my original purchase documents , so I have n't attempted to exercise the 2-year warranty . With leaves piling up and the rainy season looming , I do n't have the time to spend on a warranty return . It 's possible that this motor failure is a rarity , but I 'm thinking I 'll try Toro next , and will buy locally .
 This machine failed to provide what the manufacturer promissed.The elctrical motor which controls the position of the chute burnes out within few months . The manufacturer knows about the problem yet it continues to sell the snow thrower with it . Instead of reimbursing or recalling all the model the manufacturer simply wants you to buy a concersion kit for $ 55.00 . The conversion kit is far more complicated to install than they want you to think . The customer support is teriible . Do yourself a favor . . do not buy this machine .
 I bought this yardman snow thrower and got one good year out of it . After that all I had were problems with it getting started and working for longer than 5 minutes . It start and stop repeatedly . Do n't waste your money on this blower .
 Purchased this product . The saw works great , This product has a weak link and could cause injury or death . While using the pole chainsaw the coupling nut on the pole cracked . The now running chain saw pole collapsed and twisted downward toward my body . I released the switch and was spared injury or death . Should you purchase this product be aware of the coupling nut on the pole and be aware it could crack and cause injury . I have contacted the manufacturer and sent photos of the defective coupling . To try and get service on this product also is a hassle . I was sent to a repair dealer Arizona Air Cooled Engines who stated he has not repaired Mcculloch product for several years because of poor working relationships . I have notified Mcculoch of this safty problem and have received no reply . Should you buy this product use EXTREME CAUTION !!!!!!!!!!
 The saw worked very well . Hoewever , the second time I used it the saftey button failed to return to to off position . the result was that when i picked up the saw by the handle it started . Fortunately , the blade was not in contact with my leg but sure scared the hell out of me . I am returning the product and recommend you look elsewhere
 Never got to use the saw , it leaked all the oil out within 5 minutes while laying on the counter . Had it `` repaired '' by the mfg and surprise , the same problem is still there . The repair took 2 weeks , and I think if you turn it on all the oil would be slung on your pants . Would not recommend
 This is the worst design I 've ever seen for a belt cover . The left wheel is only 3/16 '' away from the cover and any snow/ice accumulation on the wheel causes it to jam into the cover . The wheel stops spinning and you have to push with only one functioning wheel . The tread on my wheel is completely worn off because this happens so often . If you do n't mind pushing a snow thrower with a dead wheel 50 % of the time , this one 's for you.It does not handle heavy snow very well at all . If the snow is wet , get out your shovel . We had a couple inches of wet snow and it just clogged it up constantly . I think it 's due to the rubber belts used for the impeller . My neighbor has a small 20 year old 2-stroke and he does n't have any problem with this type of snow.The v-belts wear out too quick in my opinion . Mine lasts a season and a half . $ 17 for a new belt at the local store . $ 34 to replace the rubber impeller blades.Pros
 The worst snow-blower I have ever owned . It makes you really wonder if they have any engineers on staff . The drive mechanism is almost at the `` toy '' level of quality . Is uses a v belt with a very cheap idler wheel and spring mechanism to engage the impeller . Not only will it not handle the heavy snow the snowplow pushes into the edge of your drive way , but if you even try to move it it burns up the belt and you are SOL . Thing is that MTD has used this design on a lot of units that it sells under different brand names . If it looks like this unit then it is probably made by MTD , make sure you ask . On the plus side , it starts real easy so you at least act like it works ...
 I was warned in advance about this this company -LRB- MTD/Yard-Man -RRB- , but could not resist the price at the time . I now know why this company receives such low quality ratings
 Since I ordered this saw I have never been able to use it . I put oil into the oiling tank and watched it drip out until itwas empty . I tried it again and met with the same `` sucess '' . I called MTD owner of Mc culloch and was told to take it to the service facility . I did and it has been there over 2 weeks , so I would not buy this saw nor would I recommend it .
 The one set of instructions that came with this item seem to have been generically written to cover all models -LRB- maybe -RRB- and some of the descriptions of certain features and their safe use do not exist on the model I have , so I 'm wondering what else in these instructions do not apply to my model and how can I be sure I am using this one safely .
 Based on other reviews I must have received one of the few lemons . The trigger button popped off while removing the packing material and would not stay snapped into place when using the saw . I could not get any oil to flow to the chain no matter how hard I pressed . The cutting power even on 4 '' limbs seemed weak but this may have also been a lack of chain oil . All in all I was very disappointed with this saw .
 I was disassembling a tree that had fallen after a bad storm . It was the first time I had used the saw . It worked great for the first half hour on the small limbs . Then the chain came loose when using on a thicker/larger limb .
 The first -LRB- and only -RRB- time I used this product was to cut down 2 '' tree limbs . After about five minutes of use it tripped a 15amp circuit breaker . I reset the circuit breaker and tried several more times to use it but with the same results . I returned the product to Amazon .
 mtd only repairs saw for 70 % of value so when you take it for repair cost is always more then 70 % of value so they say you must exchange it from where you bought it amazon will not exchange it only take it back with in 30 days went round and round with mtd and amazon niether well do anything so 2 year warrenty means 30 days was told plasic gear in saw wears fast
 Worked fine for 10 minutes of light work . Then something happended inside and chain -LRB- and the gear driving it -RRB- stopped even though the motor kept going . Now it 's at the Authorized Service Center to determine if it 's worth it to fix
 This is a bad deal for an electric chain saw because the drive gear is made of plastic and does not last very long.I bought a saw , used it three times on very small jobs and it stripped the drive gear , I took it to a authorized dealer . He said it could not be repaired and I call Amazon . They sent me another saw which worked about two or three times and it stripped the gear also.I tried to find the necessary replacement part to replace it , at my expense , whith no luck what-so-ever , I would not recommend that anybody buy a McCulloch at any price.Thanks , Fritz Hill
 My McCulloch MS1630NT broke after only a few uses . This chainsaw is one of the worst tools I have owned . McCulloch 's customer service is absolutely horrible , incompetent , and unresponsive . After weeks of calling and waiting , I finally gave up trying to get my chainsaw repaired . If you need a chainsaw , buy one from a company with a better reputation .
 The Luv-Cart is without a doubt the most useless piece of equipment I ever purchased . Aside from assembly which is not difficult once you are able to spring the two halfs together , the thing simply will not operate on grass without pushing it with great force and much slower than a wheelbarrow and do n't even think about going up a very slight grade - empty ! If you are tempted to buy this under-powered piece of junk - run away - fast !
 Two parts required to assemble it were defective and I had to make my own . The instruction manual says no steep hills , but the web site said nothing of this limitation . -LRB- I bought it because my yard is very hilly . -RRB- The instruction manual says not to store it in temperatures over 75 degrees F . This apparently eliminates outside use and storage in the summer . The instruction manual said not to discharge the battery all the way , or it would be damaged . -LRB- How does one know when to stop and charge the battery unles it stops propelling the cart , and is thus completely discharged ? -RRB- The instruction manual says to charge the battery every month even if it has not been used . Winter storage thus becomes inconvenient . -LRB- Whoever heard of maintaining your wheelbarrow in the winter ? -RRB-
 I purchased the LUVCart hoping that it would be a great tool for doing small jobs around the house such as moving pea gravel , dirt , and moving items back and forth from the house to my vehicle . However the LUVCart failed almost immediately after being purchased . The LUVCart is a great idea , and the plastic tub that holds material seems to be fairly well constructed . The weak point seems to be the motor and circuitry . The LUVCart only operated for me for less than an hour before it stopped working and would not restart . Even while it was in operation it strained under the very small load of pea gravel in its bucket , and the bucket was not even half full . The 5 cubic foot of material that the LUVCart is capable of handling is a wild exaggeration unless you only want to haul 5 cubic feet of grass clippings or dry leaves .
 I bought the original version last year -LRB- Model 45000 -RRB- of the LUV , the only one available at that time . It was $ 300 . I 'm an over-sixty gal -- tough , but breakable under the worst circumstances ! After an hour into reading the user manual and package label -LRB- `` Easy to Assemble - Minimal Tools - Minimal Effort '' -RRB- and attempting to separate and organize the various and sundry unrecognizable parts and bags of hardware , I threw up my hands and shouted , `` You 've got to be kidding !!! '' The main body of the wheelbarrow , separated into two parts , are physically impossible to connect . If you have any joint problems or other physical infirmities , try to rope a muscular guy or auto mechanic into figuring out how to put this wonder together . If the JC Penney catalog says its Over-the-Toilet Etageres '' are preferably a `` two-person assembly '' task , this clunker is such a task without any doubt.Amazon.com 's `` negative '' customer reviews are far more credible than the positive ones . I would not buy it again knowing now what I would be in for , for the following reasons
 I bought a cart form Amazon in May 2005 . It was relatively eazy to assemble , but proved to be completely useless . Reverse function did not work at all , it would not move on a grassy surface and even a slight slope was impossible to overcome without heavy pushing ! -LRB- So much for Motorized Vehicle -RRB- . I would like to credit Amazon for allowing me to return this garbage free of charge .
 Why spend $ 10 for a nylon sock for your roof ? I made my own , using a package of knee-high nylons from the dollar store , de-icer and a few lengths of rope -LRB- neither of which are included with this product anyway -RRB- . My home-made versions work just as well , the nylons survived the entire winter intact -LRB- a pleasant surprise ! -RRB- and the package of six nylon knee-high 's only cost me a dollar ! Save your money ... make your own !
 I thought I had the solution to ice damming when I put the sock in the roof valley where I normally get ice build up . It was Dec 14 so I figured we would soon have snow in upstate NY and I would be ready . The sock was full with about 20 pounds of calcium chloride pellets . The next morning the sock was empty . It had rained a little , and all the pellets had dissolved and washed away . Maybe it would be better to wait until the ice dam is forming to put the sock out , or maybe just throw some ice melt on to the roof area from the upstairs bathroom window .
 I was looking for roof melt NOT a roof sock . Everything on the web site made it seem that I was ordering roof melt . All the roof melt pictures were 5 times larger that the diagram of the roof sock . When it arrived in the mail I discovered I just spent 24.00 for a stupid sock.I followed Amazon 's directions to get a refund and the company kept telling me to contact Amazon . They would not work with me to get my refund and were very unprofessional . I felt like I was calling my long lost Uncle Jake 3 times removed who lived in the back woods and asking for a refund.I finally had to call Amazon and complain to get my money back . Amazon was very professional and nice about the whole ordeal .
 I love -LRB- d -RRB- this wand . It is a great design , a real pleasure to use but ... . I dropped mine into my lawn when the hose got tangled ... it fell about 16 inches onto soft turf and broke . I took it back to the store I got it at and they replaced it with another since I did n't have the receipt to get a refund . This one the on/off switch has never worked accept for the time I was trying to figure out why the water stopped ... . it turned itself off . The options at the top barely do what they say . I would n't keep this one if I did n't have to ... If you 're brave enough to try one ... . KEEP YOUR RECEIPT
 This spreader is the worst product I have ever purchased . From anywhere.The directions were mis-leading and incomplete.The unit does not spread correctly after 2/3 rds of the product is dispersed as the agitator is only about 2 inches long -- they use a cotter key on the shaft !! The control is so filmsy that it broke on the first application . To fix it you have to have it so it is no longer adjustable and adjust the thing manually for each spreading operation.It is ALL plastic even the gears housings.Do not purchase this product or any of the same companies similar spreaders . You will hate your self if you do !!!
 Unit was shipped in a cardboard box , much larger then the unit . Banging during shipment , the body arrived cracked , and the bag with the small parts and screws lost most of its content .
 Seed only came out reliably when the regulator is fully open . At lower settings the seed will stop coming out for a few seconds , then start again -LRB- sometimes -RRB- , then stop.Other problem is after using for about 30 minutes the wheel got so tight it stopped spinning and was just skidding along the ground , so the seed spinner would not turn.Completely useless waste of money .
 This Precision product calms to hold 100 pounds . If you have any sort of hill it will tip.That 's not so bad but the stress of this on you is twice the work.And the stress on the spreader will cause the hopper to break spreading your fertilizerall over . Spend your hard earned dollars on a different unit .
 This was exactly what I was looking for . Pattern was nice from : mist , jet , and flood , then it broke . The plastic threads inside broke , and it was completely unusable for me . I returned it . Too bad , because I really liked it .
 It 's awfully hard to find anything to dislike about this nozzle . That is , until you leave it attached to the threaded brass coupling seemingly found on every garden hose . I found that three weeks was all that was needed for the nozzle 's aluminum coupling to forever fuse to the garden hose 's brass coupling . Result ? The nozzle is now junk and the new garden hose needs a coupling repair kit . I do n't understand Nelson 's -LRB- Goodyear 's , et al -RRB- logic unless it was the few pennies they saved by using the cheaper aluminum instead of brass . Accountant-driven engineering apparently in play here .
 If you need a nozzle that lasts only one season , this is a good choice . It looks heavy duty , but it is not . It now leaks , dripping water all over me and it has only a few spray patters , all of which I ca n't use on my plants .
 The plastic nozzle threads broke and it fell apart after less than 6 mos of use . It was already too late to return or it or I would have .
 Good pattern range but these did not last very long . We disassembled all 3 of the nozzles that stopped working and discovered broken plastic parts . We will not buy this again .
 You get what you pay for . Graphics look unprofessional , Chinese characters show through white 1 inch border between grommets .
 The flag has 2 of the provincial symbols in the wrong places . Leinster -LRB- SE -RRB- should be on the bottom right and Connaught -LRB- NW -RRB- should be on the upper left . Just another wrong version of this flag .
 The chain continues to come off the track and the last time this happened -LRB- like the third time I tried to use it -RRB- , the chain got tangled up . I now have a useless tool . Concept is great , actual item is not .
 I just purchased this saw and was attempting to assemble it . As a hands-on mechanical engineer this should be no challenge.Problem # 1
 Worked well for about 6 hours of use . Then the circlip for the drive gear came off , which caused the chain to jam . Then the internal gears stripped and now it 's a $ 100 pile of trash . DO NOT BUY THIS FRAGILE POORLY BUILT GARBAGE !
 Like most everything you buy these days , this product was designed to perform correctly for a brief period & then fail & not be repairable . There is a plastic drive gear that breaks & repair is impossible because it was n't designed to be taken apart & there are no internal motor parts available even if you could . In addition , the manufacturer went bankrupt . I feel like such a sucker once again playing this game . More garbage for a landfill . It 's easy to build something that will last a long time & just as easy to build something that will fail soon . Do you honestly think manufacturers do n't do this on purpose ? I 'm going to the store now & buy a new one & I 'll be returning it & getting my money back after the job is done .
 I had high hopes for this unit . When it arrived , the plastic housing for the motor assembly was cracked with a piece missing . I glued it back together and tried to use the tool . It broke again and after I examined the saw , I found that there were cracks running all around the case . The plastic was brittle and was useless as a case . I threw the saw away , went to Harbor Freight , bought a much better one for less money . Obviously , I had received a factory defective model . I could have returned it but shipping would have cost me more than My time was worth .
 I had hoped the saw could be disconnected from the pole to work on its own similar to the Remington 8 '' polesaw model . The pole is not telescopic . I found it difficult to see where I was cutting when fully stretched .
 sure enough , just as another reviewer warned , the internal drive gear broke after about 20 houts of use . now it is useless .
 The item arrived damaged . The plastic casing was broken but there were no pieces in the box or in the plastic bag that the motor piece was in , did n't look like a UPS problem to me . My opinion is it was poor quality control by Amazon . Refund was handled promptly . The only hitch was I did not get a $ 5 promotional credit put back in my account for future use , it was just gone . Disappointing ... Oh , I have since purchased another one of these , differnent model , and it works great !
 Avoid this product if you plan on using it for more than a couple hours . Remington went bankrupt and the new company does n't honor their warranties . Also , the internal drive gears are plastic and will fail after a short period of time and can not be replaced . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I had previously owned the Remington 8 '' pole saw and used it with good results . It got damaged in an ice storm last year . After looking at what was offered , I decided to try the lighter weight 6 '' saw as a replacement . The 6 '' version is like a toy compared to the larger one . There is no oil system , and I found it impossible to get the correct chain tension . Amazon made it easy to return , and promptly credited my account.I then ordered a Poulan pole saw from Amazon that I am very happy with .
 Even though my Remington pole trimmer is two years old , that only translates into two days of trimming before it died . The full day of trimming in the first summer worked fine , but it is really loud . Last year it ran in spits and spurts , but I managed to finish the job . This year it wou n't even start , so I am junking it .
 Like all of the other reviews here , I bought this at home depot and proceeded to break it on the first day . I 'm typically hard on my tools -LRB- i.e. - I use them regularly -RRB- , but blowing the motor in a hedge clipper when it jams on a large branch is * NOT * what I expect.Despite all the warnings to stay away from this ... if you * DO * buy one , make sure that you use a good dual action hedge clipper on everything you can reach before you use this for parts you ca n't reach , and you might manage to have this not break for a while .
 The idea for this product is very good , but the construction was very poor . The telescoping handle would not lock in place . This makes the product very difficult to work with .
 I am on my third Remington Hedge Wizard . All of them have either fell apart after one use or the internal cam mechanism skips when anything bigger than a pencil is cut . The idea is a good one but the design is horrendous . Whoever designed this thing should be fired today ! I called the manufacturer and they were very sympathetic and promised me a `` good one '' . The guy on the phone was extremely nice and helpfull even though I was upset . Good service from that standpoint but I do not think that good service can fix the design screw ups . The plastic housing is weak , the pivot stop is weak , the handle is not ergonomically friendly . It is also clunky . One of my units got hot and started smoking after a few minutes . I opened up the blade cover and saw that the plastic had melted .
 I should have listened to the other reviews . This is a good idea but it 's not tough enough for a large shrub . This trimmer is intended to be used on large shrubs but the first time it caught on a large branch the blade jumped off the cam . I opened the case and took off the cam cover as the manual describes for changing the blades . Unfortunately the self-securing bolts do n't self secure and I could not get the nuts back on tightly . After that , the unit would n't cut well at all . It seems that these parts are designed to be replaced once they are removed . It 's not a good design if you have to replace the blades every time it catches on a large branch .
 This would have been a ZERO star if available . I bought this at Home Depot and it broke after 1 day . I even bought the additional one year replacement warranty . I was only trimming light bushes . Returned the unit the next day for a full refund . I 'm going back to my Black and Decker Hedgehog . That thing cuts through almost anything and is very well built .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS !!! If any engineers actually participated in the design and development of this thing , they should be sued for malpractice ! Remington should be ashamed of themselves for foisting this thing on an unsuspecting public!It 's a nice idea conceptually , but it is so fragile it is worthless . It seemed like just the thing I needed for my 12 foot holly hedge , so I bought one last fall and used it . The head tilt control mechanism broke almost immediately , and the head just flopped around after that . I took it back to Home Depot , where I bought it -LRB- within the week -RRB- and they gave me a new one . Well , I did n't get aroung to trimming the hedge again until this week , and I was very careful to not stress the tilt mechanism . But the trimmer kept stalling on twigs considerably under the maximum size stated in the manual . It finally quit on me completely , and when I examined it , something was rattling around in the motor , the bottom plate was about to come off , and the plastic housing was cracked ! Believe me - I was very careful not to cut anything that was anywhere near the capacity of the thing , and I was careful not to hit it or twist it . It just does n't have the power the manufacturer claims and it is poorly made.Kudos to Home Depot - When I took it back to them -LRB- with coplies of the other reviews on this site -RRB- they gave me store credit . Their policy is to only repair items that are within warranty but were purchased more than 30 days before returning .
 I used it in the fall of last year and noticed something wrong just as I finished the trimming project . I stored it determined to figure out the problem next time I used it . Well the inside of the case was shattered -LRB- plastic everywhere -RRB- which supports the swivel , so it was not usable . I called the company and the company said take it back to Home Depot . Great customer service following the near twenty minute wait on hold . Get another brand besides this one or risk facing similar problems . The internals of this thing was plastic where better design IS necessary .
 This tool is a flimsy piece of overpriced junk!I purchased the Remington Hedge Wizard in July of 2005 at my local home improvement superstore . Right out of the box the tool felt flimsy and light duty at best . I do n't have lots of hedge to trim so I assumed that the it would handle my limited use . It worked well the first time even though the trigger and lock mechanism are a little clunky and not very user friendly . Only very thin branches were cut on the first use and all seemed well . I put the tool away in my garage for five weeks and pulled it out to trim the same hedge again just moments ago -LRB- August 30 -RRB- . Needless to say the hedge limbs are even thinner than last time . The trimmer worked well for about two minutes then dropped to about quarter speed after a nasty little clunk followed by smoke and a burning smell . The motor turns and the blades move very slowly but no power at all . I now have three feet of cut hedge and a trimmer that wo n't cut a grass blade without sending up smoke signals . This tool is GARBAGE ! It felt like garbage out of the box and I should 've followed my gut and returned it . It 's no wonder the home center had it bolted and strapped to the shelf . had I known how flimsy it felt when you pick it up , I would have never purchased it . Save your $ 99 on this waste of time .
 Very poor quality.I used this trimmer only twice . The swivel hinge became loose and was not holding the angle position and the motor blew after getting jammed on a not-very-thick branch.I returned it immediately .
 The friction locking pin BROKE the first time I used it . . now the cutting blade will not lock in place ... A useless piece of junk .
 The concept is great ; it does allow you to reach difficult spots . However , the housing is constructed of cheap plastic . After two uses , the lock on the swivel head broke . I 'm having a rough time finding replacement parts . Save your money . This piece of equipment , and the service provided by the manufacturer , are abysmal .
 My girlfriend got one of these for Christmas . After using it for about an hour , the swivel function would not lock in place , rendering it useless . There were obviously parts rattling around inside the unit . I opened the housing to see if I could fix it , and a bunch of plastic parts fell out . The thing is held together with metal screws that go into plastic pieces with metal threaded inserts . Half of the screws holding the thing together had snapped their cheap plastic posts.I 've never seen such a badly engineered `` power tool '' in my life.Thankfully Home Depot took the unit back with NO hassles.Thanks to this one product , I 'll never buy a `` power tool '' with the Remington name on it again.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!
 I have been using this product over 3 years on hedges and I now have given up on it . The problem is that it jams while trimming and after cleaning the the blades it stays jammed and the motor whines but can not operate the trimer . I believe the internal gears in the head must lock . I attempt to free the blades by useing a screwdriver to get the blades to move . Jamming occurs while cutting stems 1/4 inch and larger so you can forget about the advertized 3/4 '' cutting capacity I will be looking at an Earthwise unit which has better recommendations .
 This looked like the perfect tool on paper - with extended reach and an adjustable head . However , it worked for about two weeks , and then the cam mechanism failed and would n't cut anything . I took it to a repair shop -LRB- I had purchased an extended warranty from Home Depot -RRB- , and it worked another week after the repair . The mechanism is poorly designed and is not robust - suggest you look somewhere else unless you only need it for one week of service ...
 Junk , junk , junk . Crapped out with the only warranty option being 20 miles away and he could n't fix any `` electrical '' problem $ 120 out the window .
 Bought one of these about a year ago at Orchard Supply . Used it once for about 2 hours , not on anything that tough . Went to use it again today . It immediately developed the same cam problem everyone else has had , and wo n't cut anything . It has a 2 year warranty , but I think I will just throw it away . Why bother repairing something that will just break again ?
 i owned a 4 + yr old version of this very same product and used it every spring and fall until it finally gave out . Bought a new one last month , used it once on the same application and it broke before I even finished trimming . Manual says it cuts up to 3/4 '' . It was binding up on < 1/2 '' twigs and that led to the gear stripping out . They clearly `` cheapened '' this product compared to the one they made several years ago . Will be requesting refund from manufacturer .
 Trimmer works fine on smal branchs but on a branch that is larger but will fit into 3/4 '' jaw it will bind and the cam on drive willdisengage from and freeze up cutter . Unit has to disassembled to align cam . Very time consuming . Seems like this unit is now a lost child becauseno one wants to claim it at Tech Support . I couldn , t even find out from Tech Support how to order a new cam . Seems Remington has folded and thisunit is now manufactored by China or Mexico and there is no way to find a repair shop that is sanctioned by Tech Support.I feel like I wasted $ 100 bucks on this item .4
 I saw several mentions of this item breaking and becoming non-functional , but ignored them , thinking I might luck up , since at that time there was nothing comparable that was in my price range . It was a mistake.This trimmer worked great until about the third time I used it - then it stalled out when I was trimming some forsythias and hit a bigger diameter stalk . The motor runs , but the mechanism that runs the blades is broken , so the unit is useless . Wish I 'd listened ...
 This machine is a disaster . It is the epitome of the mindset of `` build something cheap and then let them buy another one if it breaks . ' the very opposite of building something that is sturdy and reliable . There is less-than-zero company support and technical guidance , which is a good tip off to a company has no pride of its product . It is a poorly designed , underpowered unit and once you have a problem , you are on your own . As soon as mine struck a modest side branch , the motor cut out and stalled - there no way to restart it or repair it . Just junk it . What a mistake I made to buy it - do n't make the same mistake yourself .
 I had asked my children for this trimmer 2 years ago for many overgrown hedges . From the beginning I found it unweildy and badly balanced and underpowered for the tiniest of bushes . I called the number listed for DESA to express my concern and found that Reming ton declared bankruptcy in 2009 and no longer holds any responsibility for any of these under achiever pieces of junk . It is sad to see it is still offerred for sale on Amazon and others . Let the buyer beware !!
 DO N't BUY THIS TRIMMER ! By her husband
 I bought the extended hedge trimmer last year and soon after broke . I bought a second one and it broke today . Unfortunately there is nothing out there at the Home Depots , lowes or Sears long enough for trimming my hedges . I bought a line trimmer adapter , but it is too heavy and the motor seems to be in the way . . Too bad , this product could be an excellent tool , but unfotunately the design and manufacture is Junk . . Do not buy it . . you will regret it . Unless you do not mind paying $ 99 for a disposable Hedge trimmer .
 In about 2 hours of use the plastic parts began to come apart apparently from vibration . The `` lock '' for setting the angle is by friction and will not hold for long . It would be a very useful tool if built correctly .
 Went to the local ace hardware and was willing to pay a few extra bucks for this hedge trimmer so I would n't have to bend or get a ladder for high hedges . I purchased , then returned on e trimmer , because when I got it out of the box , the case was cracked . So I exchanged it and was prepared to get some work done . Problem is that after one , yes one minute of use , it choked on a twig . Surprising since the manual indicates it 's supposed to be able to handle a pretty substantial branch . I doubt it . The thing started screaming so I immediately unplugged it . The result , the case was cracked in several places and the pivot lock no longer held -LRB- because of the cracks in the case -RRB- . NOT RECOMMENDED . I will be returning this item today .
 JUNK ALERT !!!!! Like others , I thought the Remington Hedge Wizard -LRB- Pole Trimmer -RRB- was the answer to a prayer . Great concept , extremely poor execution in design.It would n't cut even the smallest new growth branches on my Yopon Holly Trees , and these new branches were less than half the diameter of a common drinking straw . Even my 20 year old broken down Craftsman electric hedge clippers cut through the same growth -- like butter -LRB- and they were given to me because they were old rusted , chipped , dull etc. -RRB- Not only would the Remington Hedge Wizard not cut , but after 5 minutes of my attempting to cut ever smaller shrubbery to see if I could get the darn thing to work , smoke started coming out of the unit.As a 50 + year-old female , I 'm neither big nor strong enough to tackle any really big bushes , and believe me , my arms got tired after 3-4 minutes of holding this thing above my head . Bottom line , I did not abuse this tool in any way . It just does n't work . I never had any electric tool start spewing smoke before -- EVER.I returned it to Home Depot and exchanged it for a Black and Decker hedge trimmer -- which worked fine.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY .
 I had the same problem . This is due to a design deficiency.I bought a very similar trimmer two years ago , that never have this problem , but the motor finally gave up after two years of pretty heavy use . Satisfied with the use I got out of that one , I decided to buy another one to replace it.Very disappointed that the cam locked up , only about 5 minutes into use . When I compared the new unit side by side with my old unit , the cause was obvious . Previous designs used a backing plate for the cam to keep it in the slot . The new design only used a small nut and washer to hold the cam in place , no backing plate . This allows the cam to slip and lock up . Bad engineering design.Since it 's a design deficiency , I 'm going to follow up with the manufacturer and try to get the problem fixed . If you are effected , please keep checking back here , and I 'll let you know what I find out . *** UPDATE *** Remmington is aware of the problem , and is shipping me a replacement unit , that has been redesigned , at no cost . They wanted a reciept , but a bank statement is sufficent . Contact them directly at 800-626-2237 .
 Bought this at Home Depot on a Sunday.Used it Monday and after trimming one small hedge it fell apaert.The locking head was a joke and the bottom cover that protected the blade broke off.Took it back to Home Depot and got another cutter.Took this home and after about twenty minutes the case cracked and started leaking oil and the bottom plate fell off again.This is a real piece of junk.I called Remington and they said it was probably damaged in shipping.Twice , I do n't thik so.Don ' t buy this !!!!!!!
 I bought this unit in the summer of 2005 for occasional use to reach the tops of the taller shrubs in my yard . It cut poorly from the start -LRB- just as other reviewers have stated -RRB- , but I thought that it would suffice for very limited use . How wrong I was . I mananged to baby it through one season ; however , it literally blew into pieces when using it this spring ! I had noticed a number of cracks that had appeared in the housing , but hoped that they were n't a major problem . Wrong again . I keep my tools clean , lubricated , and sharpened and many of them are 20 years or older . In 40 years of buying tools , this is the worst piece of junk I 've ever owned . Please do not waste your money like I did .
 Do not buy this . Construction is cheap . The `` clattering '' the other reviews mention is the drive cam self-destructing due to a single stupid screw that comes loose . I ignored it because I thought it was a clutch slipping on purpose when hitting larger branches . It was n't and the friction from the cam failure eventually cracked the case . The pieces are all over my garage now . A total loss . I 'm disgusted with Home Depot for carrying such a piece of junk . Shame on them and Remington . This thing was clearly garbage . Obviously the companies that brought it to market did n't care .
 I just returned my second Hedge Wizard to Home Depot . I bought my first one in March , and took it out to trim some new vines that were hanging loose . The vines were less than 1/4 inch in diameter , and were soft new growth . The trimmer lasted about 5 minutes , and then started clattering and not cutting . I spent the next two hours taking it apart and putting it back together multiple times , trying to get it to work , with absolutely no luck . Two days later , I returned it to Home Depot and picked up another one . One thing I noticed at Home Depot was that all of the 7-8 boxes containing the product had been taped up , like they were returned products . I had this funny feeling ... The second time , I was very careful , in that I only used the very edge of the trimmer blade to cut anything , instead of running the whole trimmer blade over a bush . I was trying not to stress the trimmer at all . It lasted about a half-hour . Then the clattering started , and the cutting stopped . I called the help-line , but instead of being available on the weekend , when people actually use their equipment , I got a message saying it was only open on weekdays . At that point , I could n't stand to even look at the thing , so I put it away for three months . Today I spent about an hour trying to realign the blades , but made no progress in getting it to work , and finally gave up . Even though it was three months , Home Depot still gave me my money back . I walked back to look at the other hedgers , and noticed that Home Depot does n't sell the Hedge Wizard anymore.Even beyond the fact that it does n't work , this trimmer is very heavy and difficult to operate . There 's no excuse for putting a piece of junk like this out on the market . I doubt that I 'll ever buy anything with the Remington brand after this .
 My Remington Hedge Wizard 110946 stopped working after 18 months ; used 3 times on two bushes with thin branches . The warranty replacement , model AT3017B , lasted 5 years ; used 5 times total on same two bushes . The motor fails to run on both units . I was satisfied with the performance while they worked . Buy something else .
 I just wore out my 3rd Remington trimmer . I 've decided the problem is that the motor is underpowered . Three amps is not enough . Many reviewers complained about the cheap parts and shoddy design . Maybe so , but the combo of underpowered AND poor drive design makes this item unacceptable . I felt stupid when I bought my third one because I needed one to trim my decorative trees and shrubs . It 's light enough , has reciprocating blades , has a long reach and does a great job ... until the motor burns out and the blades seize on a branch . That 's the beginning of the end for this piece of junk.Taking the cover off the cam mechanism , you can free up the works but from then on it only works on small growth items for a while and then nothing . I even saved the first two units for parts , but the only parts I need is a new motor every time . These trimmers are not cheap but I ca n't find any other like it . I want one with 5 amps minimum and it can not be a chain saw type .
 I bought this trimmer because of the articulating option . Great idea - absolutely horrible materials and design problems.If you use this thing for any more than 5 minutes at a time - the gears heat up in the power head and since it has a plastic housing - the plastic bearing mounts melt and make the bearings loose . A recipe for disaster for sure.What were they thinking?The manufacturing designer should be fired . You can not mount a hard working bearing or any metal parts in plastic and expect them to give service.I would pay more for this same design with a cast or metal motor housing.Also the swivel assembly is too hard to use . It takes a weight lifter to re-set the articulating head only to end up breaking the plastic knob.If you want a good unit like this you have to spend 4-500 dollars to actually get a articulating trimmer that 's worth your money.Don ' t buy any power tools with plastic housings - DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 It lost power after a few months . The motor got burned after a year.Don ' t buy it !!!!
 I had several negative issues with this hedge trimmer -LRB- I returned it -RRB- The motor at the end of the shaft made it heavy , unwieldy and tiring to work with . The stated capability to cut 3/4 inch branches was a serious overstatement and it cut only when you could approach the material from a 90 ' angle . Any other approach would shred the twigs and bind up the blades.A redesign and better materials would be necessary before I would try this tool again .
 Within 20 minutes of first use the trimmer locked up . I took off the drive cover and removed the blades , and found the drive cam chewed up . The drive cam looked far too undersized to have a reasonable life or cut 3/4 '' branches as advertised . There appears to be only two authorized repair shops in California , so now I have to figure out how to get it fixed under warranty . Maybe I just put it on the shelf and go back to using a pole trimmer .
 As with most of the units reviewed , the cam failed on the second use . The unit was purchased at Home Depot .
 I bought this trimmer at Home Depot in 2007 , used it 3 times and it did a good job . However when I plugged it in today the motor started smoking and the trimmer is dead ! I called the 800 # in the manual and was informed that Remington was no longer associated with them and they gave me another number to call . So I called that number and got a recording that the number was disconnected ! I 'm pretty much screwed . STAY AWAY FROM REMINGTON PRODUCTS !
 I have bought two of these and both have broken within one or two seasons . Last purchase was May 2011 . This second one broke and was replaced under warranty less than 10 months ago . Guess what ? The replacement just broke as well!The unit works very well but , if you try to cut anything other than small diameter branches - say a little smaller than a pencil - the unit seizes up and that 's that . All the gears inside are plastic , so that may explain it.Nice idea , horribly poor execution.Truly a seasonal disposable product .
 Initially I liked the overall design with the extended handle and swivel head etc. . , however , after a few minutes of use the hedger would jam when cutting anything larger than a small pencil . I freed it up several times and then when using again had the same results . The cam would jam with the hedger blade assembly . To me it seems to be a poor design in that the cam needed to be larger in diameter to keep from coming misaligned and jamming with the blade assembly when coming in contact with larger hedge stems . A normal hedger would jam when something is caught in the blades , however , the cam assembly on this hedger would just jam without anything caught or stuck in the cutting blades . I would recommend that Remington look at figuring out this problem as this seems to be the only flaw in the design . Anyway , returning the hedger for a refund . -LRB- Nell is my wife and she bought this for me for Fathers Day 2012 -- This is my review from Arthur Davis - Folsom Louisiana -RRB-
 Does not perform as described . I had an older Remington that performed great . The newer ones are not as powerful as stated . If it 's going to be used only to cut new growth it 's fine but if you plan on trimming back branches , anything larger than 1/4 '' causes it to over work and jamb . I also would not buy from Cub Cadet Super Store which is where it came from . I did receive a refund but only after many e-mails , contacting Amazon and dealing with unfriendly e-mails from the store . I was also shorted on my refund that I was told I would receive in full . BAD EXPERIENCE .
 Remmington should be ashamed of themselves and i hope this garbarge that they unleashed on the consumers hits them were they deserve it in the pocket . . bought this unit a year ago . . did not cut the thickness of limbs as advertised without binding . . eventually the motor gave out . . i was very careful on size of limb that i cut . . save your money .
 was really looking forward to using this trimmer for a hibiscus hedge and to trim some bouganvillas . wanted it to work . it seemed like it would jamb on very little and not even close to the size of material that the manufacturer claims it will cut . then when you clear everything you can see it still wo n't run and the motor just hums . used it for about an hour and just sent it back . guess i should have just got a gasoline trimmer instead . but i got ta say that i sure love amazon !
 I purchased the Remington Model AT3017B pole trimmer over 1 year ago and did n't have any problems until recently , when I experienced the `` cam disengaging from the cutter blade assembly '' problem.I called a NEW DESA Customer Service number -LRB- 1-800-626-2237 -RRB- and mentioned my problem . Expecting some long line of `` Red Tape '' to get the trimmer repaired , I was told I would get a new , vastly improved model in a few days . The Rep did n't even want my sales receipt , or return of my trimmer ! For those with all the problems cited in the reviews - call and get your replacement .
 Unit was used and worn out , Listing did not note that it was used and priced as if trimmer was new .
 Difficult cutting even small brances any brances over 1/4 inch the trimmer would not cut . The trimmer is heavy when working overhead .
 The short hose provided with this product was packaged with tight bends , possibly resulting in the weakness that caused the hose to split within a day of being connected . Fortunately , the resulting spray was directed away from the house and was noticed within a half-hour , but if you are inclined to purchase this product , plan to invest in a replacement hose of better quality . The four-way outlet is convenient , but given the added hassle and expense of replacing the hose , I doubt I would purchase this again .
 I went through 3 of these before giving up . Poor plastic construction allows constant leakage from several points on the body of the extender . Better off with a less expensive brass extender .
 the mat was not as big as i expected . only big enough for one person . i like the fact the it can fold up . but the quality was not great . will not buy again .
 The snowblower I ordered from Amazon/tru-value was shipped in a timely manner but was damaged . The shipping box was in good condition , but one wheel was damaged . Repeated calls to Amazon have not resulted in the problem being fixed . It is the first bad experience with Amazon , but beware !
 Ok , so I have a NUMBER of problems with this product :1 st
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 I have not yet used the Snow Fox that arrived today , but was disappointed when reading the directions . Amazon 's guide to choosing a snow thrower had a link to the 2-stage throwers that can be used on gravel driveways . When following this link , the Snow Fox was one of those listed . Now that I have purchased it , I see it should not have been included under the heading of 2-stage throwers and should not be used on gravel . Disappointing .
 I bought this to help me shovel a fairly small driveway . I used it a grand total of two times last year . The path of snow that this machine clears is very narrow , meaning that you have to go over the same area again and again . It also can not handle much snow at one time and can not throw the snow far at all . I really do n't think it saved me any time or effort at all . It also broke down after just two uses -LRB- I think a belt broke -RRB- . It 's covered by warranty , but I 'm not even going to bother getting it repaired . It was truly useless and a stupid purchase .
 In a recent storm we received about two inches of snow . I found in using my machine that it barely threw the snow more than an inch or two . It was even worse when I tried to throw the snow to either side . I expected the the machine to throw the snow at least six inches or more . I do n't know how the machine will handle five or six inches of snow .
 My snow blower also arrived in a box that was very banged up , but the machine itself was not damaged . I went to the store to get an extention cord , and was very dissapointed when I realized that the cord outlet receptacle was too small , and the extention cord plug did not fit . I read in another review that this was a problem for someone else , so I went back to Lowe 's and Home Depot several times to find a plug that would fit , but to no avail . I called the company , and person who took me call told me that I probably do not how know to plug a cord because the cord outlet receptacle `` is plenty big '' to fit any extention cord . So basically he was telling me that I was having a problem because there was something wrong with me , not the machine . Finally , a friend came over and confirmed that the receptacle is too small . He shaved down the plastic around the plug -LRB- with a small knife -RRB- and the plug finally went into the receptacle . In addition to the receptalce problem , the cord retainer was put on backwards on my machine , I hope this will not be a problem as well . I hav n't had a chance to test the machine on snow yet . I really hope it will work .
 It is adequate for the price but you would have to pay morefor something that will take care of big snows .
 I have owned this product for three years and each year have decided to give it one more try . It does not have the power to handle the lightest snow and the cord falls out all the time . Shovelling kills my back but at least I do not have to get mad at this POS ! Anyone who lives in chicago burbs can have mine for free .
 I bought this for my Husband who recieved it while I was at work . It was broken in 20 minutes . He reports a `` burned belt '' . I 'm sure he did n't read the directions on using it and I 'm sure that 3 days after the record snowfall that the snow was heavier than fluffy . . Noplace here sells a `` belt '' -- so I just threw away $ 200.00 instead of snow . While I ca n't entirely blame your product since I was n't here to witness it beening used correctly as my Husband claims -- I ca n't say much about the durability of your product .
 This product is good for only lighter snow -LRB- weight and depth -RRB- . It can not throw snow to either side very far , or high enough to keep it from falling back into its own path . As mentioned in other reviews , the side dicharge adjustment is limited -LRB- 45 degrees left or right -RRB- . It can however , throw `` light '' snow a good distance -LRB- 20FT approx . -RRB- straight ahead . The unit is light weight and the electric motor is quiet running . If I had to do it over again , I would have selected a more powerful snow thrower that could handle heavier snow .
 I purchased this blower to do only my small sidewalk and in front of my garage doors for I have someone who plows my driveway ... The price was right and what I had read lead me to believe this was just what I needed . When the blower arrived it took only a couple of minutes to put together - we had just had a snow storm and the timing was perfect for me to use my new blower . . I started to blow the snow which was only 3-4 inches deep and about 15 minutes into it something snapped on the inside of the blower and that was the end . I finished the rest by hand , packed this unit back into the box and returned it . I was totally dissapointed in the workmanship and would not recommend this product to anyone . However Amazon was great in handling my problem & I will continue to use thierservice which has always been # 1 in my opinion . Hope you found this very helpful . .
 this item worked really well ... ONE TIME . then it broke . we called the manufacturer who told us to bring it to the local certified repair specialist . The specialist said the product is defective and has a design flaw . They suggested returning it and asking for a full refund , then buying something else . That is what we 're doing . It 's ashame cause it seemed like a good product the 1st use . Too bad . Very disappointing !!!!!
 MTD purchased Troy-Bilt a few years back and has decided they have no interest in supporting the dealer network or customers who bought PRE-MTD Troy-Bilt equipment . Specifically the Troy-Bilt 42012 Snow Thrower . They make no recommended engine replacement , offer no spec for the engine refuse to even attempt to work with Tecumseh on a recommended replacement . In short , all dealers are unsupported as are the customers . What they are interested in is taking the Troy-Bilt name and that is it . A reputable company -LRB- the REAL Troy-Bilt -RRB- would have worked with the dealer -LRB- their dealer who originally sold the machine -RRB- to find a replacement then document it to their entire dealer network so it would become a non-issue . Troy-bilt chose not to do this . I would think twice if I am a consumer or dealer on how MTD , brands also Club Cadet , Yardman , Bolens , McColloch , and MTD treat their dealers and past customers . If you looking to purchase something the manufacture will stand behind , do n't purchase this . To MTD it is disposable and so are their customers . Hope this helps .
 I would love to review the item but it never arrived . I did not receive notification that it would not arrive , and when I contacted Amazon about it , all I got was a refund notification . I want the item , but am leary about using Ace via Amazon again . By the time it arrives -LRB- if at all -RRB- , it will be in Spring when snow is not an issue . I only gave `` one star '' because `` 0 stars '' was not an option .
 I had a Toro snow shovel for several years . I replaced it with the snow fox when the blades started to where down on the Toro . It looked like a step up and it was . I was able to handle the medium snow as advertised . At the end of last year the electric motor froze . It kept tripping the built in circuit breaker . The internals of the electric motor had a short and the unit is useless after two snow seasons .
 It looks as a descent machine and did its job 3 ~ 4 times . Even though I always have the trouble to start it -LRB- I need to push the button and lift and loose the bar to start it -RRB- , I did figure out start it 5 times . But just after the 5th time after I finished the job . I ca n't start it any more . The expiration data is Jan 31,11 and it is dead in Feb 2,11 . What a good design .
 I 'm on my second season using this unit . It does a fairly decent job throwing snow . Over about 6 inches it has issues and it is a bit narrow . It recently stopped and I thought it was a belt , but looking inside , it is a ` plastic ' belt retaining pin that wore away . I have used this maybe 12 times total . That plastic pin is going to be trouble again . Err ...
 Purchased a MTD snow thrower and in two weeks the auger started to crack . After two more uses the crack developed into a two inch C shape tear . An auger should not be made of flexible plastic . The operator 's manual states the machine has a two year warranty . I contacted MTD to get a replacement part and they stated I had to go through a repair dealer to correct the defect . The dealer after repairing the machine told me I would have to pay for the repair because MTD does not warranty this part . I contacted MTD , the technician told me it is my tough luck they do not cover the part . DO NOT PURCHASE MTD snow throwers , they are made so cheaply and do not stand behind their product .
 We only used this item twice in about 3 inches of snow and it kept shutting itself off . The auger that throws the snow seems very tight and hard to turn . It would only work for about 15 minutes and shut down . I think we must have received a defective product bacause all the reviews I read before making this purchase were excellent.I had difficulty getting customer service help . I was given different phone numbers to try . We 've had this item for 35 days . We have to drop it off for repair at a store that will service it in the next town over . Very inconvenient and dissapointing . We made this purchase to make life easier for my husband with back problems . Now its one more project to do .
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 the blade arrived quickly and looked brand new . unfortunately the front of the blade that spins to return the chain is defective . one of the spindles get stuck and do not allow it to spin.have had plenty of good purchased but this was a manufacturing defect .
 For sure , this tool did not work for me ! Each time I have tried to use it , I ended up soaked to the skin . Did it move leaves down the gutter ? No ! Perhaps , someone will show me how to operate it before I pitch it into the trash .
 Wanted mainly for use on sidewalks and driveway . No instructions came with product.Not as much pressure as desired and not really know if using effectively withoutany instructions .
 to save my self a fall off a ladder , I orderd this wand knowing it prob . Would n't work . It did not dissapoint . All I wanted out of this thing was to blast out the downspout of one particular hard to reach gutter . Waste of money . Might be good to clean your dogs underneath !
 The main reason I bought this was to blast debris out of my gutters , mostly leaves . I think I could get more pressure by covering the nozzle of the hose with my thumb . Pretty disappointed . It 's a good idea for a product , but does n't work at all for me . Maybe mine is defective or something .
 I have n't used this product yet since it needs to be connected to a hose -LRB- warmer weather -RRB- ; however , it took me over an hour to extend it with the twisting feature . It does not twist easily and extending it by this method took a long time and it was collapsed very tightly
 After a few gutter cleanings the hose connector separated from the rest of the unit making it nothing more then a extension arm to try and scrape the gutters clean .
 The idea is great . Being able to push the leaves down the down spout without getting on ladder . The problem is we got completely wet . We still needed to get up on the ladder to get everything . Still had to pull out leaves from the downspout , the water from the wand would not wash them down and seemed to make them more stuck than helping .
 Used this for a couple of seasons and it worked fine ; blew out lots of leaves and gunk . However it has come apart in the middle and is unrepairable . It should have lasted longer . I guess the price is right .
 This tool looks well constructed of aluminum and brass and the spray is powerful , but the spray head fell off in the gutter after 15 minutes of use . It washed into my downspout and got stuck there . And you ca n't buy just a replacement spray head.I wrote to the Orbit company and they sent me a whole new unit -LRB- nice guys . -RRB- Then after 15 minutes of use , the spray head fell of the new unit again ! It 's made to easily screw on and off , but that means you have to constantly tighten it and make sure it 's not about to get loose . I 've given up using the spray head . Instead I just use the wand and the U-shaped pipe , which by themselves are fairly useful . The wand has a solid on/off switch for the water and the water comes out powerfully -LRB- probably varies with your household water pressure . -RRB- But I would n't buy this again .
 I bought this product in the hope that I could just blast out all the dead and decomposing leaves in my gutters . But I found that the stream of water it generates is n't powerful enough to do the job by itself . I wound up picking the gunk out of the gutters by hand -LRB- one-story home , thank goodness -RRB- and then using the Orbit to wash the remaining debris out . As other reviewers have noted , you do get quite a shower using this wand , so be sure to wear rain gear or old clothes ! I also had a mechanical problem with this product
 This wand would not clean up my gutters , I end up just standing there getting wet . Might be good if you have a single story house , but whats the point in having it extend , if it doesnt work that high .
 It was not powerful enough to move my leaves . In trying to work with it I got soaked . It just did not meet expectations .
 The item does n't seem to be able to handle large accumulations in the gutters or the entrance to the downspout . AND it does n't seem possible to use the product without getting soaked . I still have to climb up and clean out the gutters & downspouts by hand .
 This item will clean your gutters , but using water is a very messy way to clean gutters . I would rather get on a ladder than to get wet from wet leaves and overspray . I took this back . Gutter cleaning attachments that hook to your leaf blower work , MUCH , MUCH , MUCH better . Dry leaves blow out much , much better than wet ones and you do n't get wet in the process .
 We bought this from Kotula 's in late November . We could not get the telescoping section to open and had to return the product . We were not happy with having to pay the shipping costs to return it and our refund did not arrive until mid-February .
 The wand works fine , but not for cleaning leaves from gutters . It does n't have the oomph . I 'm thinking for taking it to the lake to become a kiddie shower .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 I bought this hose at Home Depot -LRB- actually , the 50 ft version -RRB- on sale for 9.99 . It broke in 1 day of normal use . I have a water sprayer-nozzle on the hose and left the water running overnight . I think that pressure caused it to burst with a quarter size hole . Unless you use a hose without a spray-nozzle , this hose is not worth the time or hassle . In addition , its made with cancer-causing agents -- check the `` do not drink from this hose '' warnings . It 's made with chemicals that are known to cause cancer and birth defects . How `` real '' this is , I am not sure . But it 's a very unsettling mandatory warning on the packaging . Farming sites I read said many hoses have this , and to let the water run before applying it to plants.Still , with breakage AND cancer , I say just buy another hose !!
 I bought this hose to water plants on my New York City terrace . I 've been using it maybe one to two days a week maximum . The nozzle never fit right on the spout creating some spray . Then I noticed two weeks ago a small leak in the side of the hose . That small hole has now become a huge hole and the hose had to go in the garbage . I hoped it would last one summer . Worth it to spend a little extra and get better quality .
 Within 1 day of using this hose it sprang a leak . We cut and repaired it . Then next day the same thing happened ... And so forth . Seems the material is irresistible to rodents . They chew into it .
 I bought this hose and it did n't come with the seal so it leaked water . Also after buying the seal , the hose accumulated so much water , that is expanded and developed many bumps . It 's better to pay a little extra to get a quality hose . I would n't buy it again .
 I got this hose . . I was excited . . but turning the hose on and off causes me to get soaked . . because water sprays right out of where the hose connects to the spout ... not because it 's not fastened . . the water does n't shoot out of the top of where they meet , but instead it shoots out right through various parts of the hose connector itself ... this was a bad experience for me and i do n't recommend it for others .
 The hose burst after two months of use . The hole in the hose shot water into the air for a few hours before we noticed what had happened . Do not Do not buy this product regardless of price . Once I get my water bill , it will have cost me more then getting a heavy duty commercial hose . It is not an outdoor hose . Next time I will spend the money . This thing is crap .
 I purchased this lawn sweeper in early September with the idea it would be helpful to remove the leaves that come down in October in our area . It arrived in an intact box and all the visible components were included . Assembly went well , assembly directions were good . Took it for a test drive and it performed awful . Sweeping action was intermittent . I noticed one wheel had a geared resistance when turned by hand , the other was free turning . I removed the free turning wheel and found the pinion pawl was missing . This is a small but important part , 1/2 '' x 1/8 '' x 1/4 '' . I called the Precision Products Customer Service phone number listed on the assembly instructions and talked to a representative , explaining the problem and the missing pawl . I was told they would send one out ASAP by mail . A week went by , no pawl . Called them again . This time I was told they were back ordered and would arrive and be shipped out sometime in November . So , I made a sizable investment this year for next year , maybe . I will have to deal with the fallen leaves differently than anticipated . As to the operational experiences with the lawn sweeper , it remains a mystery until a tiny part finally arrives by mail . I am not happy with this product and would not recommend it to anyone .
 This leaf swepper is a disaster worst thing i ever purchased assembly instructions must have written by the village idiot Do n't waste your money on this piece of crap too bad we in this country have to buy junk made in China Korea or some other country
 Second time we used this the sweeper stopped turning . We had to dissemble each wheel and remove grease that was built up inside the gear that stopped the little square pawl pin from free floating.Again today 4 th time using we are having to do the same thing . I cant believe a tiny square pin is all that is turning the sweeper brush and it is at the mercy of all the grease needed to keep the gear lubed . NOT good design at all !!! The assembly wasnt all that great either , missing parts because the bolts were all over the box due to the bag breaking in shipping , had to call and get more parts to replace the ones that are probably at UPS . MADE IN CHINA CRAP.UPDATE
 Got this sweeper after my good old -LRB- 25yrs -RRB- Sears 38 '' just wore out . . finally.This product is a nightmare to put together!Very poor instruction sheeet !! You have to find screws and nuts all over the box -LRB- ended up one screw short -RRB- like above reviewer . .1 / 1/2 hours to put together !! I cant figure for the life of me how this stuipid dump feature works , so I removethe entire bag to dump . . then the bag got ripped the second time on a tab welded to the frame . . The only good news was the price $ 169 shipped to Ct.Trust me dont pay any more cause it aint worth half that!And due to the cheap materials I can expect who knows how much use from it . . My advise ? Buy another kind !! Update 11/18/2011 . . After using this -LRB- sweeper -RRB- ten times the right wheel fell off!Cant find the snap ring to put it back on!What happened to cotter pins and washers?STAY AWAY !
 One or more of the ports will always give you trouble ! I am on my 5th one and NONE have worked properly ! Good design , easy to screw on after connecting the 1/4 '' line , but the goodness stops there . All the ports have SOFT plastic screw adjustments that must be adjusted with a coin . Terrible idea . Looking for a better design on-line as this all my local Ace store carries .
 This hose is poorly made and wo n't last long . When attached to my sump pump it bends and kinks . I was hoping for better quality and would not have bought this hose if I had seen it in person .
 The Colorite hose can not stand up to pressure . After two weeks occasional use with pistol grip valve the hose split near male end . Very cheap hose material .
 The hose leaked from hose connection on the ends and could not get any pressure . It did not work with quick connects .
 The trigger control power steering devices works very well , as does the 120 volt starter -LRB- it works great -RRB- . However the chute directional control often wo n't budge , and has to be assisted , and then it wo n't stay in the position you selected as engine vibration will cause it to move around throwing snow where you do n't want it to go . If you put a gas-stabilizer in the gas tank before spring storage , such as a product called Sta-Bil -LRB- Wal-Mart or AutoZone stores -RRB- or Lucas Fuel Conditioner -LRB- Autozone -RRB- it starts instantly the next winter season when you want to use it again . It does throw snow well , though the shear pins break quite often if you have rocks in your driveway . Heavy wet snow can clog the chute so then you 'd want to shut the engine off and clean it out with the attached cleaning tool . It will restart easily with the pull-starter handle . I have sometimes confused the choke primer button for the 120vac starter button , so watch out for that issue . I bought it at Wal-Mart and I do not recommend purchasing it . Look for better reviews on different machines . I think the Ariens snow throwers are built much better and have a better reputation though they do cost more .
 I purchased this snow thrower in 2005 . As far as I am concerned , it is a lemon -LRB- true to its color -RRB- . First problem was with the chute , which froze up ; once we got it operational , it constantly turns with the vibration of the machine.Next , the starter went , then the headlight ; now the carb needs to be replaced and per our local repair shop , Tecumseh has backordered the part until May or June of 2010 . At this point , I would pay someone to take the darn thing , and I will not be purchasing any Yardman or MTD products in the future . My suggestion - consult Consumer Reports before you purchase.Because of the problems we had with this machine , we bought a backup from Sears - which works flawlessly .
 THE STORY : This tree arrived kind of sad looking , smaller than expected , and just wrapped in plastic -LRB- no pot or dirt -RRB- . I planted it within a day of arrival , watered it according to instructions , made sure it had plenty of light , and bragged to everyone about how wonderful it was going to be to have an indoor lemon tree . After planting -LRB- and bragging -RRB- , my tree immediately lost all of its leaves . I thought that perhaps it was in transplant shock , so I kept watering it , hoping it would come back to life . After a few weeks , I contacted the seller with a picture . The seller told me I packed the dirt too tightly ? I 'm not sure how they could tell from my picture ... . They also told me that if I wanted a refund , I would have to return the tree to them on my own dime . When pressed , they held firm to their `` no refunds without returns '' policy . I considered the shipping costs each way that I would n't be receiving back and decided to keep the tree a little longer and just throw it out if it did n't perk up . It 's still sitting , leafless and now dry . A friend made me some plastic lemon ornaments to hang on it.IN SHORT : I feel like these sellers are n't the greatest . They 're not very accommodating and I firmly believe that my dead tree is at minimum 50 % their fault . If you want a lemon tree , maybe buy it from a local nursery .
 I just got this item and used it -- or attempted to -- over the weekend . I put the first 24 gallons of Round Up through just fine , mixed up another -LRB- about $ 75 bucks worth -RRB- turned it on and the motor stopped almost immediately and would not come back on . Completely silent ... no indication at all of whether it was even getting power . I finally took a much smaller motor off my old sprayer -LRB- a 12 gallon I got from sears and used for years but on which the plastic body finally split -RRB- and put it on this new one so I could not waste my Round Up.I ca n't even return this because the policy wo n't allow me to return just the motor and even if I could it would be at my expense and that 's the heaviest part of the thing . -LRB- Not to mention it was package very , very poorly in a really flimsy box that the item was nearly falling out of by the time I got it so even if I could return the whole thing , I 'd have to come up with a big , sturdy box and those are n't just floating around all over the place -RRB- . I am really mad and very disappointed and wo n't be purchasing any other items that have this company 's motor on them.Other than that , I will say the sprayer itself worked fine . But it 's rather useless without a motor . I 'm sure a new one of those will cost me a bunch more .
 I was expecting a ceramic tray after reading the other review posted . I should have guessed from the price , but it 's just a cheap plastic tray . I 'm sure aesthetics aside it works perfectly ... but is that what the art of bonsai is about ?
 I gave my sister a bonsai for Christmas and it was struggling so we did some research and decided to buy drip trays , rocks and fertilizer pellets . They all came from Bonsai Boy . First , they messed up my order . I ordered 2 ceramic trays and got 1 and 1 plastic tray . They sent me the second after I complained . The problem with the trays is that they are cheaply made and poorly glazed -- they sweat on the bottom and ruin any wood table you set them on . We put the rocks in the tray as directed and we water the bonsai plant in the sink and let it drain -- in spite of the fact that Bonsai Boy suggests you water it in the tray and allow water to pool in the tray for humidity reasons . That would be great if the trays did n't sweat or leak.A friend who is a potter took a look at the trays and laughed . He said they should have added small feet to the tray and that might have helped with the sweating issue . However , he said they are simply not glazed correctly and that in addition to sweating , they are actually allowing water to seep through the pots . Do n't waste your money on these trays . Buy pots made by American potters and use them instead . Your furniture will thank you , believe me .
 I have owned one for 3 years and it has done a pretty good job for clean up , but it has vibrated itself to a piece of junk . After the first year it began leaking oil , then due to the vibration it broke out the frame in two places where the engine mounts and the vibration got even worse . Now it is leaking oil from everywhere and is headed for the trash .
 This is what I call my yard zambonee . I have owned this for aprox . 5 years and use it only on a very small yard -LRB- < 1/5 acre -RRB- in the fall approx . 3X each fall season to get up and shredd the leaves . It is very poorly engineered in the following ways
 I must say this is the first time i 've ever given a 1 start rating on something i 've purchased off of amazon . I spend so much time researching the product and reviews and usually end up on the majority 's side of the `` positive '' spectrum but this product came to me completely useless . First off the package came to my door and looked like it had survived a hurricane . No matter i said to myself , i 'm sure it 's fine . I open it up , everything seems to be ok except it was missing screws , fittings and one of the nozzle heads of the left sprayer was missing . I could n't attach any of the parts ; the bar that holds the spray heads to the trailer , the wheels because it was missing pins of any kind to hold them on , and the parts needs to attach it to my lawn mower as well as screws needed to place the arms that would form the front part u see in the picture.Came with zero paperwork or instructions , and missing parts required for assembly and functionality ... at least amazon let me return it no problem and UPS picked it up at my house
 When you spend $ 300.00 on a product it should be of good quality . The sprayer arrived with missing washers and bolts , broken spray nozzles and it leaks where the hoses are connected to the tank -LRB- factory assembled ; not by me . -RRB- I work hard for my wages as many others do . I should be able to expect quality for my money .
 I purchased this item as it looked very nice . Three weeks after having it the finish in the bird bath bowl started lifting and peeling . As it is only plastic paint over a plastic bowl and stand , the water sitting in the bowl is causing the paint finish to lift . So with time the whole bowl will be black in color . I guess I will have to put blue glass stones in the bowl so the birdies will know what it is . For $ 30.00 + including , keep you money in your pocket is my recommendation !!!!
 This bird bath is very light weight . It 's attractive , but not fit for the Colorado wind . Also , the birds did not come to it .
 bought this exact item in March 2011 it is BARELY worth the NINE dollars that I paid for it - but not worth more than that . The top does not screw on - we gave up trying to put it together - we are just using the bowl part on the ground for the wild critters and birds in the flower garden to drink and bathe from .
 Maybe this was just the seller 's bad packing because this arrived in torn up package -LRB- item box only , no padding or outer box -RRB- and would not stand up straight . I had it on a level surface -LRB- checked with a level -RRB- and the water markedly shifted to one side . It was also missing the anchors and is NOT 2 '' deep.If the depth is not an issue for you , I suggest ordering from someone else . The seller made me pay the return shipping even though the product was not as discribed -LRB- not 2 '' deep -RRB- and either defective or damaged .
 THIS SO CALLED BIRDBATH WAS NOT AT ALL WHAT I EXPECTED . IT WAS MADE FROM CHEAP RUBBERISED PLASTIC AND DID NOT LOOK ANYTHING LIKE THE PHOTO . IT ARRIVED IN A TIMELY MANNER BUT ... . THE BOX LOOKED AS IF A SOCCER TEAM HAD USED IT FOR PRACTICE . IT HAD BEEN OPENED AND TAPED BACK UP SEVERAL TIMES . I WOULD NEVER CONSIDER BUYING AN ITEM OF THIS POOR QUALITY AGAIN .
 I realize I probably should have read the description a little more carefully so that I would have seen that it was resin , but I 'm not a huge fan . It seems pretty cheap . With shipping , it seems a little steep for 30 dollars for how cheap it seems .
 This thing sucks . It is not advertised properly . It looks nothing like the picture and it is not copper . Its plastic . I was extremely disappointed with it . I had bought it for my future mother in law and couldnt bring myself to give it to her . It just looked so cheap .
 After having this bird bath for only 3 weeks all of the paint had peeled off and chunks of it were floating in the water . Amazon should not be selling this product .
 The price is right , right ? Wrong - you will pay later , and dearly . My unit cost about $ 160 . Cracked the nozzle tip - no problem I have seen numerous replacement nozzles - wrong , I have to replace the whole Vario wand attachment - cost $ 50 plus $ 17 S & H - this after light use occasionally for just over a year -LRB- out of warranty -RRB- . Three of these and I will have bought a new unit -LRB- for a cheap plastic nozzle insert the size of a quarter -RRB- . Plus the pressure hose and inlet hose fittings are cheap and nasty - you are better off buying a more expensive unit -LRB- ever wonder why these seem like such a good deal when all others around seem so expensive -RRB- . You get what you pay for , very dissapointing from a company I had a high opinion of .
 If Karcher has changed the hoses I apologize upfront , nonetheless , I paid good money for my 1600 Karcher from a big box store two and a half years ago . Right after the year warranty expired water sprung in 3 places from the -LRB- now brittle -RRB- hose line . Before you ask , I keep my pressure washer in our garage and the weather does n't get extremely cold or hot . I noticed you would have to fight with the cord to get it to unkink itself or to wrap it after using . After I replaced the first cord -LRB- best price $ 30 -RRB- I was EXTRA careful with it . One strategy that worked to unkink the cord was to hang it off our top deck -LRB- gently -RRB- to have the weight of the gun straighten out and make the hose cord more supple . But alas , again 1 year later , I sprung leaks in the hose once again . So , I just bought a Husky from the rival big box guys . I dare not buy a pressure washer I ca n't return locally . If anyone has suggestions about what can prevent this from happening I am open to them !
 I had this item for about a week before returning it , when I did , the woman at customer service said one comes back each week . It worked great for about 15 to 20 minutes then it would blow the fuse . After tripping the fuse , it worked again for 5 minutes then the fuse blew again . Then the unit would n't turn on at all . It did work again a couple of days later , this time for maybe 10 minutes . Then , nothing . That ca n't be normal .
 I first purchased this unit to clean my deck . It took an incredibly long time as I had to hold the nozzle about 3 inches from surface to get to bare wood . That was fine , as it did clean the deck . However , after 2 days of cleaning the deck and very litle use thereafter it developed a severe leak from somewhere inside near the cleaning hose outlet . Of course this is inaccessible for the homeowner . I sent it back to Karcher under their Rapid Exchange program and they sent me a refurbished similar but lesser model , the K3 .86 , saying they had none of mine and I would have to wait.This bothered me , but it was close enough that I did not bother to hassle with exchanging again.It was barely used again until the following year , when I took it out to clean off some siding . I tried to fire it up , it turned on briefly and then died . Nothing I could do would make it work . Now it is 2 + years old , out of warranty , and I am SOL . There is one service center for their electric washers , but they are so heavy that it would be ridiculous to ship it for repair . I would end up paying the purchase price over again for shipping and service.I have n't even bothered to call the company , it took so long to get satisfaction the first time that I ca n't be bothered wasting my time again . As evidenced by most of the reviews here these products are clearly unreliable and poorly made and the company does not stand behind them . Those that have them still working are fortunate , they are the exception , not the rule . They will likely fail eventually.I purchased this electric model because they got good reviews for performance in Cons ** er R * ports , and I did not want to hassle with an internal combustion model . Clearly they had no way to test longevity . I think I 'll just rent a gas model when I need it . too bad , it would have been a nice tool to have around the house .
 I bought the model just below this one from a big box store . After about five hours of use the gaskets in the pump blew out . Luckily it was still under warranty -LRB- barely -RRB- , but I expect the replacement will last about as long . If I had known I would only get 10hrs of use out the piece of junk I would never I purchased it , but would have rented a professional one from time to time .
 I bought one a little over a year ago . It failed within 9 months , and the manufacturer had to send me 4 different `` rebuilt '' units before I got one that was OK . Now , past the 12-month warranty , it has failed again . Karcher will only repair these at one shop in Illinois . There is no local service . It 's very heavy and the shipping costs are enormous.Never again will I buy a Karcher product . I have learned my lesson !
 I purchased mine from a local Sears store late last summer . It leaked a bit from the trigger handle , about enough to soak my shoes after cleaning the patio.Stored it in a HEATED garage over the winter , WITHOUT solution in it . Tried to use it again this week , and the leak has become a torrent . Took apart the handle , there is a 3 '' vertical crack in a hard plastic tube that connects the flexible hose to the actual trigger . The crack is in the plastic and not a seam , so I believe the plastic part was either under engineered or made of poor plastic . In total , I 've used this unit maybe 2 hours.Tried to get help via email customer service , they were pleasant until I said that ca n't find my receipt . Since then they 've decided to ignore my problem.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME or MONEY ON THIS . Rent one instead .
 I was unable to connect the hose to the trigger grip . Instructions said to use a small screwdriver to move a tab on the trigger grip that causes a locking mechanism to slide out . Then the hose is inserted into the handle/trigger grip . The mechanism is then slid back in to lock the hose into the grip . I was unable to move the tab so that the locking mechanism would slide out . The unit was returned and never used . The dealer did not seem interested in demonstrating how this procedure was supposed to work . The failure may have been my lack of assembly skills as opposed to a problem with the product .
 I ordered 3 of these for my 50 inch mower . While all three had the same part number sticker one of them had a different lift angle . I paid shipping to get them here and paid shipping to send them back . Still did not get a full refund . I was out $ 27 for nothing . Ordered blades online from another supplier with no problem and cheaper . Will not order any Mowtown products again .
 The day after Thanksgiving we drove out to the Desert , and set up my New Surrender the booty Pirate Flag . by Sunday Morning when we were taking the flag down , we had notice that the top of the flag where the grommet is attached was ripped . This was the first time we used this flag and it had already ripped . the winds were about 20mph . The flag was very nice looking until this happen.We were very disappointed.Thank youHoward Felix
 i was very disappointed thought it was 3x5 so could hang from kids fort . it was only 12 inches by 18 inches did not give measurements but sld with other flags 3x5
 I recently purchased this unit and received it within a reasonable amount of time . When I took the unit out of the box , the left tire was totally deflated . I now have a winter storm coming with a lot of snow and a snow blower with a flat tire sitting in my garage . I wrote the manufacturer and amazon . Amazon told me it would take 20 days at most to get the part.It is over 2weeks now and still no tire or email , nothing . Getting frustrated . The unit works and looks sturdy . Will probably work well when snow hits but useless without tires ...
 I just got this yesterday at Home Depot in anticipation for a big storm . I went out into the storm and it started right away . It worked really well for the first ten feet , then no throwing . The auger belt had slipped off so I had to fix it . After fiddling with the assembly -LRB- the instructions are terrible -RRB- and ending up with a sore back trying to get the plastic belt cover on and off -LRB- which is what the instructions say to do and does NOT `` slide '' out as stated - and it turns out is n't even necessary -RRB- , I noticed that it was still quite loose . I started it up and it fell right off . I am incredibly angry to say the least . Now I 'm stuck shoveling with a bad back . I have read the other reviews and ca n't wait for those flat tires , too !
 Opened the box yesterday , one tire deflated . No matter what I tried , just could n't get it inflated . I had to take them off , and drove to the service center . After half an hour waiting , the tires finally are holding pressure . However , the repairman there told me that they could become deflated again tomorrow because the plastic rim and the tubeless tire were just too cheap to hold the pressure.Unless you want to go to service center again and again , you should avoid this product until they put in decent tires !
 The machine itself cut through the snow just fine , the one time I used it . But I have to agree with other raters that the rims on this snow thrower are just awful . Why a manufacturer would put plastic rims on here is beyond me . They just seem incapable of holding pressurized air and way too wide for the tires . So , you ca n't inflate them if they do become completely deflated , which apparently , there 's a good chance of . I can also sympathize with another rater . We 're getting a storm today -LRB- MA -RRB- and I have a perfectly good snow thrower in my garage with a completely flat tire which will render it useless . Believe me , I 've tried inflating this thing , getting the tire off to bring to a service station , looking online for a solution , buying that green goop to create a good seal , and even went as far as buying an air compressor . Someone told me to try tying a rope around the tire itself in order to flatten it as much as possible in order to get a good seal on both sides of the rim and then filling it with air . If that does n't work , I guess it 's back to my trusty shovel . Thanks YardMachines/MTD .
 The tires are very cheap . Both were very flat when I bought this product . I filled them up and the next day one of them was completely flat . There is no tube inside so there is no way of filling it up unless you take it into a repair shop . I ended up shovelling all week while my nice new $ 500 snow thrower sat in the garage . I ended up returning it to the store .
 An absolutely pathetic product from the first moment I tried to use it.This little monster came out of the box with a flat tire . Not bad considering that the rim was secured in place with an impact wrench , making it virtually impossible to replace without stuffing the entire blower back into the car.But that 's what it 's been like . After spending $ 100 last year on a carb , it actually worked first try during the snowstorm a few weeks ago . But tonight , it screwed up again . The snow collector stopped turning , and after some desperate experimentation , it turned out to be the wire that activates it.I 've never seen a device which so thoroughly demonstrated complete disregard for the customer and basically slovenly design . It belongs in the garbage .
 I own this product now for more than a year . It never worked from the day one . It has been declared junk from one of of service dealers , still manufacturer does not want to take it back they are still asking me to see other service dealers who can fix it as I have 2 years warranty . Couple of points that I learned after making numerous calls to the Amazon and the manufacturer :1 -RRB- Manufacturer MTD - worst customer service center to deal with , they only believe in repair and has service dealers -LRB- BTW on their web site they have service dealer list that is outdated -RRB- who do n't want to fix their products2 -RRB- Amazon - Not a place to buy a product like this . They do n't understand that snow blower kind of things can not be put under 30 days return policy . It 's better to buy snow blower from the local dealer who can at least understand the situation.And on top of that I live in upstate NY where 4-5 '' snow is quite often . Very Frustrated !!
 I bought my machine at Walmart for $ 500 last year . It worked perfectly all through the 2005-2006 winter . Although it did n't throw the snow as far as a more powerful model , it breezed through snowstorms up to 20 inches . -LRB- two passes through driveway -RRB- This year , there has been barely any snow . The snowblower was sitting in the garage . Finally , several weeks ago , there was snow.I went to the garage and found a tire completely flat . I shoveled the driveway -LRB- took hours -RRB- . Next morning , I took off the tire rim . It is a one piece rim , not a two piece rim . This is terrible construction . The rim does not split apart ; the tire has to be pried on and off . I went online and bought a new tire . However , I was completely unable to put the new tire on once it arrived the next day.Even after placing a supporting rod through the rim and placing it in a vice , I was unable to put the new tire on . Therefore , I will have to pay a tire place to put the tire on . Unfortunately , most tire places will not be able to use their tire iron on a 9 in . tire . You will have to go to a specialty shop.Also , the tire is tubeless and can only be inflated once it is pressed against the rim with enough pressure to create a seal . Therefore , once the tire is on , more specialty equipment is needed just to pump it up.I went on the MTD website to get their number and complain . I accidentally found , in tiny letters , a recall for this unit . There were a large number of problems with the whole wheel system . The tire was n't punctured , there were just problems with the valve!Due to the recall , I have a new set of tires and valves coming my way . I still , however , have to find some way to get them on . Also , because so many units were recalled , I wo n't be receiving my parts -LRB- they are backordered due to demand -RRB- for a couple of weeks , most likely until the beginning of March!Meanwhile ... I am stuck shoveling
 A piece of trash . Not only do I have the tire problem . And let me tell you that when you have 3 feet of snow to plow through , the first thing that you do not want to do is have to inflate the tires . And inflating would be easy , but these tires fall completely off the rim and repairing is quite a project . And it happens A LOT!The machine does n't always start . Another big flaw.The belts keep stretching and burning out . Believe me , changing the belt is not a lot of fun either in the snow and cold.A snowblower needs to be reliable otherwise it becomes more of a headache than the snow itself .
 I went against my better judgement on this . A number of reviewers mentioned having a flat tire out of the box , but others , who obviously had a better experience , recommended this snow thrower . I thought go and ahead and buy it based on the positive reviews . After all what are the chances of getting another snow thrower shipped from Amazon with a flat tire . Guess what
 The cheap plastic brackets that secure both the drive cable and auger cable broke off after only 2 or 3 moderate uses of this snowblower . And the user 's manual and MTD website did not clearly indicate whether replacements were available . Are they part of the cables themselves ? Bottom line is I spent about $ 500 and got only a few uses before the unit became totally inoperable .
 This was ordered along with the set of 2 chairs about a month ago . The chairs arrived very quickly . The invoice said the table would be arriving shortly with no extra shipping , its now about 3 weeks later . No table and amazon says it shipped . Hmmmm , maybe I 'll get it before the summer is actually over .
 3 things bothered me about this table . One , a shipping company called Eagle brought the package later and for 4 times what UPS charged for 2 other Strathwood packages that were even larger than the table . Two , I make furniture now and then ; their definition of mortise and tenon joinery is in need of updating - this table lacks mortises and tenons completely . It is screwed and bolted together like other cheap tables . Three , Strathwood , or their distributor , sent two wrong items in place of the items I chose . Caveat emptor .
 I ordered this table in June as a birthday present . It did n't ship for 2 weeks -LRB- even though its still marked as ` usually ships within 24 hours ' -RRB- . When it did ship , Eagle , the shipper chosen by Amazon , had no record of the tracking number Amazon gave me . Repeated requests to Amazon were replied to by form emails saying it was a specialty carrier and I should call them direct and not to worry . Several weeks went by before Amazon and Eagle investigated and found that it had been lost somewhere in shipping.Amazon re-ordered the table for me , and re-shipped it with Eagle . Eagle has yet to be able to get it to me , even though I 've been waiting at home for several full days without leaving for fear of missing it . The driver even called at 6pm last Friday and said he 'd have the table to me on Saturday before noon . I have n't seen nor heard from him since.No one seems to want to take responsibility . Remember when people used to say how great the service was at Amazon ? Who is this Eagle carrier and why did Amazon think it was OK to use such an unprofessional outfit ? Why is n't Jeff Bezos carrying this table to my door personally ?
 I acknowledge that it 's a cheap way of getting the `` teak '' look but , it might just be too cheap . During the first rain , the table 's stain ran all over our stone patio . I ca n't appreciate outdoor furniture that ca n't take the outdoors !
 Wife does cooking I was asked to get Companion out of front compartment of 5th wheel and set it up . I did and lit the burner . She comes out 20 minutes later and it is still cold . I turn off gas open lid wait several minutes . Re-lite close lid check to make sure it is lit . All OK 5 minutes later I look again and it went out . Re-lite two minutes later out again . This goes on for 45 Minutes . Wife cooks meat in oven inside RV . Now I have to stand on my head to clean RV oven . This happens all the time with this grill . Wind outside over 2 MPH and it will NOT stay lit . Even dead calm when you open the lid it goes out.DO NOT BUY this piece of JUNK .
 What a dissapointment ! Simply would NOT stay lit . Poor quality workmanship on Mexican made gas valve , the fit was so bad we called before using . We returned this ... Do not waste your $ $ $ . Do not confuse this grill with the full size Holland Grills . No comparison at all !!! Buy a full size Holland and you will be a very Happy Camper .
 See the review of Dallas Ryan that he wrote on 4 April 2010 . He nailed it exactly.Like him , I also had a previous Holland tower grill similiar to the Maverick model they currently sell ... I bought mine in 1993 and I still have it and it STILL works . A great product , though you do have to learn how to grill with it . As it shows it age now , we keep it at our mountain cabin , but it still works fine.Like Dallas , I bought the Home Companion grill for our RV and had exactly the SAME experience as he did . What an expensive disappointment.DO NOT BUY THIS GRILL if you will use it where there is any chance of any wind at all .
 Either you 'll love it or hate it . I bought it to grill steaks , which does n't work at all . I like a `` hot '' grill that will brown a steak , with 3 or 4 minutes per side . After 4 years , I have n't had a good grilled steak yet . This is not my only grill . I bought it for traveling in the fifth-wheel . If you like your steaks cooked in an oven on low heat , this grill will meet your expectations . You 'll go through a lot propane with this slow cooker . If your a true griller , you 'll hate it . 18 minutes with the lid closed to bake a ribeye medium rare does n't cut it with me . I wish I had read an honest review of the real capabilities of this piece of cookery before I wasted my money . I 'll take those pesky flareups any day .
 This is the worst grill on the market do n't waste your money , go purchase a portable Webber the little Q120 a far better grill when camping or needing a small grill ! The Holland grill is complete garbage ! I would n't use it again if some one gave me a million dollars !
 The quality of the construction of this BBQ is really very good . However , overall , it is not a good BBQ . The problem is that it uses a very small gas burner , and then to make matters worse , it then completely shields the burner from the food being cooked . As a result , this is the slowest cooking BBQ I have ever seen . You may not think that is such a big deal . But after repeated uses , you will soon tire of how long it takes to cook anything and everything on this BBQ .
 I purchased a Companion grill to bake biscuits at a farmers market . It does a pretty good job at baking but I have n't used it to grill meat . It 's a nice looking grill but the material -LRB- lightweight and flimsy -RRB- , construction -LRB- pop rivets -RRB- and workmanship are not up to par with competing portable grills ; even grills that cost less . I use another tabletop grill with a stainless steel body to grill sausage . I got that grill for $ 129 and it is superior to the Companion when considering its materials , construction , and workman ship ; it is not good for baking however . If you are considering buying the Companion it will be worth your while to go to a local store and check out any other stainless steel table top grill . Once you get the Companion and you open the box you will want to ship it back for a refund ; that is if you intend to use it for grilling . I do not recommend this grill for grilling meats.Update -LRB- 10/1/07 -RRB-
 In have owned the Holland Companion Outdoor Oven for several years.I refer to it as an oven , because that is what it is , not a grill . The instructions tell you to cook with the cover closed at all times . This is because it cooks like an oven , not a grill . This is fine if you like baking steaks , burgers , hot dogs , but then why not save money on all the gas this thing uses , and cook in your oven ? Drippings run ineffectively into a pan without vaporizing , thus no smoke flavor . I agree there is no flareup , this is because nothing is burning , just baking . Very poor design to say the least . The legs are unweildy , the stacks are loose fitting , and fall apart . It s somewhat well built of stainless steel , but even if were made of Kryptonite , it would n't cook effectively . If you like sizzling steaks , pink in the center , this grill wo n't do it . If you like hot dogs and burgers with black grill marks , juicy inside-not with this over-priced gas hog !! Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere when considering an outdoor GRILL . But if you still would like an outdoor portable oven , I have one available CHEAP !! -LRB- Hurry , my trash pickup is Wednesday !! -RRB- .
 For the record , this is my second Holland product . The large home model I had for over 10 years and loved it . That is why I bought the `` companion '' model for my RV outings.It worked well , only when it would stay lit . When I first got it , it would absolutely not stay lit . I tried a different hose , different propane source , both the small disposable and large tank with hose and had same problem with it going out in the most gentle breeze . Called the company and they sent me a new regulator and it worked slightly better . When I use the grill , I have to set it up and surround it with plywood to protect it from the wind and even then , a wayward breeze will blow it out . Today , I 've had it . This is the last time I will use it and it 's going into the trash and I 'll purchase something else . There are lots of other small portable gas grill I see on this site that have 4 and 5 star ratings and I 'll give one of them a try .
 When I received this chaise lounge the wheel axle was broken . This is my first experience with the Amazon return and exchange procedure and it 's really a pain . First , I am asked to return the whole package while I just need a replacement for the broken part . Second Amazon is asking me for a credit card number to validate the exchange and I do n't understand why -LRB- I did n't use a credit card for my purchase -RRB- . Third , there is no easy way to get in touch with a sales representative to clarify the procedure .
 this lounge , apparently made by a shell company because there is no corporate listing for `` Strathwood '' , was made in Vietnam and reflects sub-standard production . Many of the pre-drilled holes do not line up with their mates , a couple so bad that I had to fill the holes with dowels and then re-drill them . The hardware is in metric sizes and the puny allen wrenches are not strong enough to tighten up misaligned connectors , so I had to dig up some metric tools to finish the job . I contacted Amazon and told them the product was sub-standard and that they should be ashamed of themselves for selling stuff like this to average customers who would not have the knowledge or the tools to adequately assemble it . Their response was , `` sorry , we 'll take it back if you want to return it . '' I expected at least a price adjustment in view of the extra work that was created , but that was not going to happen . So - buyer beware !
 Very bad quality in all way . Be careful when you are lay down because is falling in part easily . I got this year and have been used four time but I do n't think this chaise will survive to use next year .
 I purchase two chaise lounges for my sister 's birthday . We received them in time to celebrate a milestone birthday , but were unable to complete the assembly due to missing hardware items.Unfortunately , Amazon , `` Earth 's Most Customer-Centric Company '' has n't been helpful either .
 ** Update as of April 13 2012 -LRB- two years after initial purchase -RRB- ** The product claims of being durable and long-lasting have proven to be false , and my opinion has changed dramatically since my original review . The wheels have now fallen off two of the four chairs we purchased because the wood split at the axle , rendering them useless -LRB- they tilt/rock from being lopsided , and you ca n't move them around -RRB- . We originally made this purchase because we thought the chaises would be low-maintenance and we would n't have to cover or bring them indoors every year . According to the product description , '' ... when untreated , natural splitting or cracks will appear , but this will not affect the durability of the furniture . '' Also , `` Eucalyptus requires no finishing and will not rot when left outdoors , whereas rain and sun will damage other lesser quality woods . '' And , `` Sturdy mortise and tenon construction provides the highest quality joinery that will last for many years . '' We had hoped they would last at least until our daughter was in kindergarten -LRB- I was pregnant when we ordered them -RRB- ... Wrong.The description also states , '' ... this furniture is intended for outdoor use in all weather . '' This is obviously not the case . Our chairs were left outdoors for one season , under a covered porch -LRB- with a cement floor -RRB- ; the second year they were brought indoors . They obviously did not stand up to the elements for longer than a few months.When I wrote to Amazon about it recently , they apologized for the description being `` misleading '' and that there was a `` typo '' in the catalog . They gave us a $ 10 promotional certificate for our troubles . So we 're out $ 500 for the four chairs , but at least we got $ 10 toward the purchase of a new set ... from somewhere else . -LRB- original review below -RRB- I received four of these more than four months ago - we leave them outdoors without covers and have had no problems with them whatsoever . Not only were they relatively straightforward to put together , the workmanship seems to be top-notch - especially considering the price is far lower than other comparable pieces . The color has n't even faded , even though they 're constantly in direct sunlight -- and we did n't put any kind of sealant on them either.After the first big rain , I thought the sliding trays stopped working ... but it turns out that the wood had just expanded a touch , and once they dried a little , the trays slid fine again . I also love that they 're so easy to move around , since they have wheels at the back end -LRB- I 'm 6 months pregnant , and have no trouble maneuvering them around our yard/pool area ... even up hills and over grass -RRB- . I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for inexpensive , well put-together , low-maintenance chaises .
 Overall I am very please with the chaise lounge , but I would just point out that there was some damage -LRB- cracking -RRB- on the foot rest.Rather that going through the inconvenience of repacking and sending it back , my husband , glued and clamped it.The appearance is not as good , but with a cushion on the top it does n't notice .
 I bought two of these chairs in the spring . One of the two chairs is absolutely falling apart . The wood is splitting in three different spots . The water now collects in these splits in the wood which will certainly lead to a quick death . I realize these chairs are priced very low compared to a Frontgate lounger but I think you get what you pay for . I would not suggest anyone buy these chairs .
 I take full responsibility for not reading the product description thoroughly , resulting in a huge surprise when a 60 + lbs , awkwardly shaped package showed up at my door.But I blame the manufacturer for designing a product that is near impossible to assemble . I 'm on my 3rd attempt , this time with the assistance of a POWER DRILL -LRB- no thanks , Allen wrench -RRB- , and I STILL can not get some of the screws to tighten all the way . At the rate I 'm going , summer will be over and I will never get to actually sit outside in this chair.I recommend anyone considering this chair stay far , far away .
 I purchased two of these lawn chaises . One with wood planks and one with the textilene fabric , the construction and look of these chaises are great -- exactly what I was looking for . I just had a flagstone patio installed at my house and these two chairs were ordered for the patio . I received these within the past 2 weeks and since delivery they both have left stained marks on my BRAND NEW flagstone patio . The stain on the chaises runs when it rains -- there is nothing in the literature saying you need to seal these before use , only literature saying you can oil these to keep the finish looking vibrant . I am VERY upset and dissatisfied .
 I purchased two of the chaise lounges , one came with a broken back and I have to wait 6 weeks until another might be shipped . . out of stock now . ? maybewhile assembling the chaises I noticed the poor quality of material and workmanship . and poor followup to replace broken partsthis looks like a container bid on a poorly produced productit is really hard to take the positive reviews seriously
 not so great . Very uncomfortable . I also purchased the cushion and the cover that go along with it . The cushion is supposed to be mold free , but it does get moldy despite the cover . I would not recommend it . I have no way to return it either as we were not home when it was delivered , and by the time we got home , it was too late .
 Sized for small people or children . All wood construction wo n't hold-up to high U.V. exposure or direct contact with soil or grass . Even with annual coating of teak oil , high sun areas will eat this lounger in three years time .
 It took half an hour to wrestle this to my deck and open the box only to discover the wood back was broken and hardware was missing . I was very disappointed as I 've had great experiences buying from Amazon in the past . This item is JUNK !
 My husband and i bought lots of this furniture last summer . same exact stuff . we bought the table and 4 chairs ,4 chaise loungers and anothter little 2 seater chair . It did not hold up . It comes without hardly any protection on the wood already . We even but our furniture in the attic for the winter . It became very dry . we used teak oil on it . It still did not do well at all.We do not recommend this to anyone .
 Note
 While the lounge chairs we received looked good and we have received compliments , they have ruined the cushions that we purchased to go on them . The stain has come off of the chairs ruining the concrete deck below them and the cushions that were $ 100 a piece that go on them . What an absolute mess . There is stain on my BRAND NEW cushions and on the pool deck below them that we are unable to get out . DO NOT BUY THESE CHAIRS ! I am now having to start over with chairs and cushions . What an absolute disappointment !
 We got the chair and thought it was great - until it rained for several days straight and our new brick patio is the color the chair once was . How in the heck do you get stain out of coarse brick ?!?!? It 's still raining ...
 We purchased these two teak finish chaise lounges because the price was very affordable compared to others we had seen . They assembled well and looked great , until the first rainfall . The orange stain dripped off the chaise lounges all over our white pool deck . It looked as if they were `` melting '' . We had to use a high powered pressure washer to remove the stain from our deck . Unfortunately , they still drip onto the deck each time it rains , a little less stain each time . We can only hope that eventually it will stop completely . As I said , they look great , but alas a bargains is n't always a bargain !
 Slats in this chair fell off when I was putting it together . On top of that the assembly process was problematic because drill holes were not aligned . Shame on Amazon for such poor quality products . As a long-standing customer , I really expected them to at least meet the grade . Strathwood brand now stand s for waste of money .
 This is Lenka 's husband NICK.I work in Maintenance at a beautiful hotel in NW Montana . I have assembled dozens of these to replace ones that cost nearly three times as much as this unit . I have some valid concerns with these in a commercial application . A few of them were tweaked out of square from the factory and we had to pry them into position to assemble the legs . I suggest a screw gun with adjustable tension . Set it on the lowest tension and send it home in one pull of the trigger . The allen wrenches that come with it strip easily and you will have to tighten everything up again after a few uses.My biggest concern is the Axle and wheel assembly . The axle is basically a piece of wood with the ends lathed into a cylinder and the center drilled out for a screw to be inserted , holding the wheel and axle together . Following the icon instructions and tinkering around with other modifications , we simply were unable to get the wheels from wobbling . The axle is wood to wood contact and the wheels are made of four pieces of wood glued together . I believe these will not hold up to daily straightening out at the pool . We are aware of their flaws and will treat them gently and see how long they last . I think that we will see some of them fail this summer and none of them will last more than two seasons.They have been installed for two weeks and the stain has run off in the rain and has permanently stained our concrete . It really made our pool area look bad if you have an eye for detail.If you were using these in a home application and not moving them around all the time , they might just be fine for you . Just pay attention to the run off when they are new . It will stain your wood deck or concrete patio.I would not purchase these for my home or order them for a commercial application.Nickp.s . on a good note . you ca n't see it in the main photo , but there is a really cool slide out tray underneath your butt that slides left or right to place drinks on ! It will be interesting to see how this holds up . While assembling , do n't cut off the plastic string that holds it in place . It will make assembly a whole lot easier .
 The chaise lounge came in with a broken wood axle , so that the wheels would not go on the lounge . It was a nightmare trying to obtain a replacement for this piece . Strathwood , itself , NEVER replied to my requests for a replacement of this piece . Amazon customer service originally wanted me to pack up this 50 lb . item , taking it all apart after I had hired a person to assemble the chaise for me . I finally made them understand that this was an impossible request . It was decided to send me another entire chaise at my cost -- although Amazon assured me that they would reimburse me once I received the chaise , took out the axle piece which hopefully would not also be broken , put the broken piece back in this new box -- and call for a call tag . That was three weeks ago . The chaise did not come . I finally called Amazon Customer Service back two days ago , went through the entire process again , and am now waiting -- AGAIN -- for the new chaise so I can receive my replacement piece . Total time on the phone with Amazon customer service -- 2 hours . To date , I have a chaise sitting on my back patio with no wheels on it.Although I like Amazon for many items , I do not believe I will order large pieces like this again from them only because they are not able to readily handle problems when they arise with heavy , large , bulky items like this .
 I just finished assembling this product and will probably figure out a way to repair the back adjustment bar that arrived with a split and broken dowel . The instructions were not always clear , but intuition kicked in and I got the job done . I recommend sorting out the various bolts ahead of time , so you can save yourself the aggravation of trying to match the bolts to the task at hand . The assembled product looks nice , but beware
 I 'm surprised to still see this product being offered . After my latest experience , I was told my Amazon that they would be pulling it ... I ordered a pair of these chairs about a month ago . I was excited because it was exactly what I was looking for , only offered at a much more competitive price . We received them and I fully assembled one and was quite happy with it . It seems sturdy and I loved the color . However , when I opened the second box , I was disappointed to find that the color was totally off , and the hardware was different . The first chair looked like teak with brass hardware . This box 's chair had a red tint with silver hardware . I was bummed , but I know that Amazon has great customer service , so they would fix it . Well ... they tried.I exchanged it for another one , except the new one had the same red color , wrong hardware . This time I called them instead of just doing the online email route . The representative said that there must be a problem with the inventory and that they would need to get to the bottom of it before they exchanged anything again . They refunded my money , but she said if I wanted to chance it , I could order it again -LRB- before she took it offline -RRB- and see if I got lucky and received the correct one . No such luck . Got my third red tinted chair . So since I need a pair , guess I have the pleasure of disassembling the good chair and returning them both.Disappointing because I was so excited to find this at such a great price , but it seems like the chair I like , the one represented in these images , may not exist anymore , and now the remainder of the inventory has this cheap looking wannabe cherry -LRB- ? -RRB- stain . Does n't look like teak at all . Very sad . ** UPDATE
 I have been thinking `` okay for the money '' until this Spring . I have had mine two years now and have put up with sloppy craftsmanship and poorly cured wood . I did n't mind too much having to retool the support on the sliding tray because it did n't slide . I did n't mind having to glue the various cracked pieces of wood . But now the thing is literally falling apart and I 'm not sure it 's worth repairing . So buy it if you only need it for a short while and do n't mind tossing it .
 Everything about this chair was wonderful and I should have known it was to good to be true . I placed 2 chairs on my brand new sandstone paver patio and with the first rain the varnish leaked and stained the pavers . Luckily I did use chair covers so the chairs were only wet where the rain splattered up underneath , but it made a big enough mess that I will have to replace about 15 pavers . So much for outdoor durability and long lasting color .
 I bought two of these . I have one finally put together . what I have noticed is :1 . the assembly instruction is not very comprehensive .2 . some of the wood boards are cracked and already falling apart .3 . one of the Barrel Nut is too tight and does not fit .4 . one of the wood boards was broken and out of place with a missing screw.All and all Starthwood is not making sturdy product , it 's kind of waste of money.Kathy
 i read the reviews of the chaise prior to buying , and felt confident that they would be a great deal . they showed up on time ; one was damaged but not worth the hassle of returning , but i live in oregon and it rain some in the spring and early summer . these chaise 's bleed their stain and left two large stains on my patio . if you have a concrete patio it could ruin it ! luckily i have paver 's and will have to flip them over at some point . i would not have bought them knowing this , and would have ponied up for real teak .
 We bought 2 of these chairs and placed them on our brand new stone pool patio . After the first rain storm we noticed that our pavers were stained underneath the chairs . The stains became a deep rust color and we had to power wash and scrub the patio but the stains did n't come out . We then had to replace many of the damaged pavers and eventually placed a rug under the chairs to prevent any more damage . Any water including morning dew causes the chairs to bleed . We tried to return them but because it was longer than 30 days we were unable to get all our money back . I would not recommend these chairs if they are to be used on a patio .
 I bought 4 of these in 2005 and had them on grass . I stoered them for the winter and they held up ok . However now the tray on any of them wo n't slide and I moved them to my new bluestone deck . the stain leeched out all over the deck . DO NOT BUY .
 I attached a picture warning all ! This chaise lounge is NOT weather-proof . The product used to stain this wood will completely wash off and destroy whatever is under the chair . We have tried power washing to no avail . Seems we will need to replace the entire section of patio stone that the chair was placed on . There is NO warning that this item will not hold up in rain , just the opposite , manufacturer claims this item is completely weather proof and only requires an occassional teak oil rub in order to avoid the `` over-time weathering look '' of exposed hard wood . Beyond disappointed ... Strathwood Chaise Lounge
 I 've had these chairs for a couple of years now and I can say that I truly dislike them and ca n't wait to replace them . I have a concrete pool deck and these chairs have never stopped bleeding and still stain the concrete . It 's very unsightly , so I have to go through the trouble of moving them off of the concrete before it rains . My wife used an oil sealer on them to try to stop this and it did nothing . I am looking forward to replacing them but we need to try to get through another season or so.I 'm giving this product 2 stars because I think they might be fine if they were located in an area where the staining was n't a problem and also because they are inexpensive -LRB- you get what you pay for -RRB- .
 The strathwood chaise lounge is probably a fine lounge , as long as it is not exposed to the elements . When it rains , the stain on the wood runs off and stains patios . The slide out table also warps everytime it rains and it takes several days before it will once again slide . I had reported this problem when I bought this lounge and was offered a replacement lounge which I took , hoping the first one was a fluke . Unfortunately , the same thing happened with the second one . The lounge was easy to assemble , seemed to be sturdy construction , and rolled easily on large wheels . So , if you have a covered area for the lounge , it is probably a fine product . Just do n't put it outside
 I really liked the chair , very easy to assemble and wanted another until it rained . I too had a lot of staining . I used bleach and water and it came up , but I have had to do this every time and wo n't be ordering another . I wrote the company and they said to saok it with a hose in the grass . I would probably have to do this for a year to get all of the stain off of it !!!!
 I bought two Adirondack chairs and two chaises . They do look good . However , one Adirondack chair came with the wrong screws and I had to call the company to get the right ones . The company was cooperative . I also found a broken piece and ended up just gluing it on . I just started putting the chaise together . The screws for the sidebar legs are definitely not the right size . The Adirondack has been outside since the end of May and is definitely showing signs of fading and peeling . I disagree with the man who said they appear sturdy . I would not let my elderly mother sit in one for fear it may collapse and she only weighs 130 lbs .
 Unfortunately I bought four of these chairs before I saw the other reviews about the dye leaking . Being cautious , I applied two coats of teak oil and then sprayed the chairs with water before using them . This past weekend was the first weekend that it rained and ALL 4 CHAIRS leaked dye onto my white patio . I do n't expect the best chairs for this price but I also do n't expect an outdoor piece of furniture to leak dye when wet . Do not buy this defective product .
 I ordered 2 of these and both arrived broken . While they looked good , the quality was less than good . I would not recommend . Also they did stain my laini
 I bought 4 of these chaise lounge chairs - they look beautiful and are easy to assemble . What is NOT appealing is the stain it leaves on the concrete when it rains . The stain used for these chairs run and create puddles under the legs , which I have not been able to remove using my power washer . Great chair if you do n't leave it in the rain ; great chair if you have it on gravel or rocks but not concrete or cobble stone . Just something to think about . Next time I will purchase plastic or chiase loungers without stain in the material .
 I bought two of these in 2006 . I have now thrown them away . They are completely trashed . The slats fall off if you even touch them . The screws the manufacturer used are miniscule . If you move the chairs , slats fall off . Maybe they would hold up if you kept them indoors at all times . It really annoys me , because I believed all the PR about these being sturdy and made out of a solid wood . What a piece of garbage and a hassle since I had to haul them out to a house in the middle of nowhere and then had to find a way of disposing of them two years later ! Better to pay more money and get a piece of furniture that will actually last .
 We liked the chaises , and felt they were very well priced . But now after 5 days of rain here in PA , our cement pool decking is stained from the bleeding chairs .
 We were so excited to order these for our deck on the water last year . When they arrived , they were absolutely beautiful , comfortable , and exactly what we wanted . Then the wheels came off the bus . Literally . After only 2 summer months outside , the veneer on the wheels started to crack and pop off . We glued them back on , but they kept falling apart . After 6 months , the wheels completely fell apart , the finish on the chairs was flaking off , and the pull-out shelves would n't pull out anymore . They 're gorgeous , but if you are n't putting them somewhere protected from the elements , you 'll find yourself replacing them pretty quickly . Would not buy Strathmoore again .
 The title says it all , this chair is not worth the wood that it is made out of . Arrived broken , and even after it was fixed it feels cheap and is uncomfortable .
 The picture shows a Jack Rackham flag on Amazon and the label on the packaging says the same thing . It is not a Jack Rackham flag however . It is just a regular jolly roger flag made out of the cheapest nylon I have felt in a while . I did n't even know nylon could feel cheap -LRB- er -RRB- . Since I am currently in Afghanistan -LRB- I bought the flag for my unit -RRB- the chances of me returning it are ... . none . Thank you for messing up an incredible simple order MMP LLC and shame on you Amazon for letting useless human beings sell items on your website .
 This is a fine pirate flag but it is NOT a Jack Rackham design as shown in the image . I thought Flagline knew better for true pirate enthusists . Moderately disappointed .
 i purchased this flag in august of 2008 . sadly it is but rags dangling from the flagpole up top of our hill . i am disappointed it did not last even a year .
 These chairs are not sturdy , and ultimately dangerous . Does not hold a 150 male - the chair broke apart into pieces causing a very hard fall.Not Amazon quality , sorry to say .
 I bought a set more than a year ago on ` clearance ' , and I see they 're back . I read the reviews and complaints about sturdiness , and bought them anyway since they were cheap . I sat on one chair about 5 times before it literally exploded under my weight . I 'm 170 lbs . I still have the second chair and I 'm afraid to let anyone use it ... the design is just flawed to distribute too much weight to a small piece of hardware and cheap wood ... so if you would like to tell your friends the story of how you were almost killed by a chair , this is a fine way to go about it . A more accurate product description would be ` Make your own kindling wood quickly and easily ... just sit , wait , and POW ! you 're ready to pick the wood -LRB- and yourself -RRB- off the ground . Great fun at parties ! '
 These chairs are cheap , unfortunatly they are of poor quality . I weigh 200lbs and the chair did not support me and broke under my weight .
 Do not buy this substandard piece of dung , unless you just need it for the weekend . I received the set I ordered and the chairs promptly broke . Amazon replaced these and the same thing has happened with new ones . I weigh 170 lbs so this is unnacceptable . The 30 inch folding table is also coming unglued -LRB- with almost no use -RRB- . I do n't know about the other Strathmore products but I am totally let down by what I have seen . Amazon should look into what they sell .
 I 've had the set a year , barely used it.The chairs are not sturdy in fact , one broke on me whensomeone was sitting in it .
 I do not recommend this product to anyone . Inferior quality glass and manufaturing method ; bottom broke easily . This is the second Galileo thermometer that I have owned -LRB- the first from another company -RRB- and the first was of superior quality .
 The review above must be staged . This product IS DANGEROUS . I have reviewed for the other listing for this product as well . I applied this to my cat on Saturday , and it is now Tuesday . As of Monday she had only eaten less than 1/2 cup of food a day , whereas she normally eats 1 cup daily . When I called my vet concerned -LRB- yesterday -RRB- she told me that she would NEVER use the product and asked if my cat had had any seizures . She then told me that there could be liver damage and that there could be liver damage.I have contacted the company , and the are sending me paperwork to fill out , and have stated that there is a possiblity of them covering my vet fees -LRB- $ 230.00 !! -RRB- . This product is DANGEROUS . As advised I have bathed my cat , and she is back to her normal self . It is obviously the product . I have contacted Target , and the managers have agreed to work with me -LRB- and newspapers if needed -RRB- to facilitate a RECALL . Stay away from this product !!
 Applied this to my cat as directed , and within 24 hours he started having seizures , foaming from the mouth , and was hardly able to walk . After a call to the vet , DAWN dish soap bath and a little prayer he came out of it . Never EVER buy this product . It did n't contain a warning that this type of reaction would happen - if It did I would have NEVER bought it .
 SERGENTS GOLD SQUEEZE ON FOR CATS AND KITTENS FLEA AND TICK has poisoned my cats . One is on an IV overnight tonight because of this product . Applied it exactly as stated it is pure poison and you should remove it from your shelves immediately . Our vet has given us multiple examples of cats who were bought in and died from this product . I have to wait and see what happens to mine tonight . I go to your store because I believe you have the communities best interest in mind and am astonished that you would carry such an evil product . 2 cats vomitting , convulsing and basically hallucinating for the last 24 hours because of it . Now one has a blood infection . What I thought was simply the generic version of Frontline or Advantage has proved to be complete evil . I urge you to remove this product from your shelves .
 I just gave this product to my cat yesterdy , and took him to the vet today . My cat began flipping his back feet continually after using this product and not eating much . When i asked my vet about this product she said it was not good at all to use on cats . She recommended frontline or revolution . So , i am throwing away the other two applications . I 'd skip this product .
 This review only applies to fleas . I do n't recommend it for this type of treatment.I sprayed down 2 gallons inside with a pressure sprayer -LRB- some medium pile carpet , some hard wood -RRB- . While I acknowledge that no insecticide can kill fleas in all life stages right away , I expected the insecticide to be around long enough to deal with the fleas.No such luck . Within five hours I had fleas jumping on my feet . The problem continued for the next few days , I did n't vacuum the carpet to leave the Spectracide there.If you have fleas go with EnForcer Flea spray . You will obviously need to have your pets treated -LRB- I already did -RRB- and you will need flea traps even after using Enforcer because like I said , nothing will kill them all in one shot . It will still take a couple weeks with the traps but you will see the population fall off dramatically after using Enforcer.I have used Diatomaceous earth and Boric Acid multiple times and then I used Spectracide . In my tests , none of these worked -LRB- even after an extended period of time , multiple ways of use and multiple exposures -RRB- . Skip Spectracide and just go with Enforcer right away for fleas .
 This cushion looks good , but one -LRB- of 2 -RRB- arrived with stains which looked like water damage . Although it was replaced with no hassel , the replacement , after a week or two , developed the same type of stains even though it has not been exposed to rain or other liquid .
 The item looks excellent out of the box and it looks even better on my lounge chair in the backyard . The manufactures description of the product states `` Olefin is a comfortable , durable and retains its color and strength while withstanding years of exposure to sunlight and rain . '' This could not be further from the truth as after one day of exposure to the elements I now have terrible water stains on my cushions .
 This is not a easy fit for your hose . You have to find an addaptor or something , it does n't fit !
 I purchased this same set from Home Depot last summer . Seemed liked a good value , with a well-known brand name -LRB- Orbit -RRB- . Unfortunately , the spray patterns are inconsistent and wayward . Some of the nozzle openings became occluded ... perhaps using a `` screen '' washer instead of a regular washer at the hose connection may have prevented this ? My biggest complaint with the multi-pattern nozzle handle
 This would be a great product IF all of the parts were included . Two of the washers were missing and one of the bolt covers as well.Precision Products 5-1/2 - Cubic Foot Garden Yard Cart with Spoked Wheels LC-150-14
 Very lightweight and will not haul as advertised . Spend a little more or you will pay twice .
 I 've been looking for a good grid to use on my grill to cook vegetables . I was hoping this might be the one , but it was not . The non-stick surface is nice and definitely aided in preventing the veggies from sticking . The problem was that the non-stick coating started peeling off after the first use ! Also this product has flat sides so small veggies tend to roll right off and into the fire . I ended up returning the product as it appeared to be defective .
 The product did n't list specs , so when I bought it I found out it is for a 3 blade deck . I have a 2 blade deck ... same year ... same model ... so I went to Lowe 's and bought the right set that day , off the shelf .
 -LSB- Edit May , 2011 . Broke . Thrown away . Do n't buy this . -RSB- My previous brass shut valve was at least a hundred years old until some idiot destroyed it with the lawn mower . So I mumbled a few words to myself and went to the hardware store . Could n't find a brass shut-off valve , anywhere -- box stores or local hardware stores . They 're now all plastic or some cheap metal-like substance.The picture of this shut off valve looks identical to the one I destroyed so despite the 50 % charge in shipping I ordered it through Amazon.The shut-off lever is plastic -LRB- ! -RRB- and there 's plastic elsewhere.No one would think that a person would develop such a strong bond to a simple thing as a $ 5 valve but it 's one of the few things that I have that last forever and never has any problems.According to the seller , there was a restocking fee and I had to eat the shipping cost both ways . I called and they argued with me saying that the picture is just a representation . My response was that my negative feedback and a call to Amazon was going to be a representation of how I felt.This is NOT an ALL-BRASS valve .
 this is my second pair of shears.the first shippment i receive a empty box no shears in box.this time i receive the box damage and torn and the shears smell like oil.very disappointed with this vendor .
 I bought this hosta by the picture on the listing . I was shocked when I received it that it was a one year tissue culture , had 1 '' roots like hair , and will NOT survive the winter . I would STRONGLY advise someone not to order from these people . When I mailed Hirt 's Gardens regarding my dissatifaction , they simply ignored the problem and suggested returning the hosta . They do not want to address the problem . Now I am stuck with a $ 10 plant that will not make it through the winter . What they could have done is told customers it would not be ready till next year , then shipped in the spring when the tissue culture had roots and could live outside . I have to assume that all their plants are this way , since that is the CHEAP way to grow hostas . This whole plant is no larger than a CHICKEN EGG , if that gives you a hint at how bad it is . Caveat emptor !!!!
 Did not handle small sliced items very well , kept falling out . Design had major flaw with locking mech . You could only use the lock for the lid if the lid is sung to the handle which squishes larger food items thicker than a piece of paper . The lid locking mech is the real downer , seems like its just used for storage of the basket but you ca n't hold the lid in place when you flip the basket because it will get hot with the rest of the basket . Works great if you are cooking paper . Could not close grill lid on handle , grill lid will push up the whole basket . Also , when you flip the basket to top down , that side sits farther from the heat -LRB- not that big of a deal -RRB- . Returned this basket to Amazon .
 I used this grilling handle only once to grill some fish . The basket broke after one single use . Lousy quality
 My old Non-Stick Grilling Baskets wore out -LRB- coating gone , rusty -RRB- . Found these and ordered them as they were the same thing , different manufacturer . There is NOTHING Non-Stick about these ! Spray them , spray the food , it STILL sticks !! Awful ! Will buy local next time so if stuff sticks I can take them back and whack the shop owner upside the head with them ! Color me disgusted !
 Suet dough is something I have fed the birds here regularly for years now . I ca n't speak for birds in other parts of the country , but here in New England they far and favor the dough over regular suet by a wide margin . In fact during the winter months I can hardly keep the suet hangers filled with them . Besides being favored heavily by most birds , suet dough also carries the advantage of never melting , or even feeling greasy like regular suet . Making it a far better to handle , especially during the warm summer months . Despite its advantages , suet dough is not anywhere as easy to find as regular suet , so I took a chance on buying this apple blend , which at the time was being offered at a pretty fair price on Amazon for a case of 12 . As much as the birds still seem to favor this dough over regular suet , I still have to say it is a very poor quality dough . Most suet dough is pretty solid stuff , rarely crumbling or coming apart at the touch . This stuff is very flaky and of a poor consistency right out of the package , and thus you lose a lot to pieces of it falling out of the hanger , or cage . Truly I do n't think it tastes as good as other dough to the birds either . Although they do indeed finish this stuff up quicker than regular suet , it still lasts longer along side a better quality dough . In conclusion , although suet dough is a little harder to find , and this is a pretty good deal here on Amazon , I still ca n't recommend it . Definitely a poor quality all around . I suggest trying a little harder to find it locally , or move up to a better quality dough online ... Update
 For the price ; not worth it . The product is great accept that I ca n't find replacement bulbs for it so it makes it a one time use and thats not worth it .
 I purchased this for my orchids . The bulbs have burned out and for the past 7 or 8 months I have been trying to find replacements . They are specially made by the company for the box , so I ca n't purchase regular grow lights to put in the unit . The PlantNanny website has been stating since January that they will have replacement bulbs in by April . It is now July . I moved my orchids outside for the summer , but do n't think I will be abe to use this box for them this fall and winter . Frustrating for the amount of money I spent on the product .
 I wrote a negative review on 8/25/11 after getting this bag which did not have the normal strap on the back for shaking out clippings . Humboldt replied the same day that they would send me a bag WITH the necessary strap . That was two weeks ago and nothing from them . Stay away from these people . I would return the bag but I 'm afraid I wo n't get my money back according to my experince so far . There are plenty of other suppliers who have to be more professional and honest . From now on this company will be called the Bah Humbug Sometimes Manufacturing gang .
 Do NOT buy this product ! I purchased the 40 lbs . bag and it contains 30 + lbs . of millet . It should be called ` Morning Song Millet ' . Skip this and buy the Black Oil Sunflower instead , from the same manufacturer . I have purchased the 50 lbs . bag of black-oil sunflower and highly recommend it .
 DO NOT BUY ANY SCOTTS PRODUCTS . They ignored their own scientists and put seeds treated with toxic pesticides in their `` Morning Song '' and `` Country Pride '' products . That kept insects from eating the bird feed , but it has also killed millions of birds.You do n't really need to feed birds to help them through the winter . People who bought Scott 's products thinking they were helping our dwindling stocks of songbirds have unknowingly made this situation even worse.Scott has n't said anything about this on their website . If you want to call them to let them know how you feel about them as a responsible company , have at it
 I was extremely disappointed with this product . For the price I thought I would be getting actual `` deluxe '' bird food , but it was majority white millet . The birds here in the Rockies just baypass all of that . . This product was a complete waste of money for me and my little wild friends .
 I do a large Halloween display every year and this year chose to add a witch and all the makings of a brew -LRB- eyeballs , hearts , fingers , livers , etc. in jars -RRB- The cauldron was to be the table 's centerpiece behind which would be the witch . It looked great for the 48 hours that it actually worked , but on the third day , the mister shorted out , and I was unable to get the company to replace or refund . I 'm not sure if this is a global issue with the product , or I simply got a bum unit . Either way , the result was the same . I was out the cost of the unit and had to obtain another one of a different brand from an online Halloween store , which worked just fine .
 Appears to be more of a ` plastic ' . I 'm sure it will last this season , but believe the Honda bags are a better quality .
 The company from which I ordered was fine . They shipped the product to me in record time . The problem is that Home Defense Max seems to work for all bugs but roaches . I purchased Home Defense Max because it is said to be a bug barrier . After more than a month of using the product as specified by the directions , roaches are still attempting to come into my apartment by crawling into the front door . I have resorted to other measures to keep them out .
 Swisher , Big Roc , and Northern Industrial all sell this same log splitter , which is made by some no-name company . Ours broke before one year or one cord was finished . The end of the bottle jack piston is welded to a yoke that is connected to two springs that pull the ram back into the jack , when you open the needle valve to let off the hydraulic pressure . Those three undersized welds broke , so now we push the ram in with our hands . The needle valve has also worn out , to the point where we have to use vise grips to tighten it enough to get -LRB- maybe -RRB- 5 of the 10 tons of pressure it is supposed to provide -LRB- so forget splitting any big or knotted logs -RRB- . The seller says ship it back at our expense & they will refund the money -LRB- which is nice , but not the $ 51 shipping -RRB- . Postage for us will run about $ 65 , not including finding a box strong enough to pack this 100 pound lump of metal in and the hassle of lugging it to a UPS office . Between the two shipping charges , we got about 1/2 a cord of wood for $ 115 !!
 On the package and on the splitter itself there is NO appearance of the name `` Swisher '' ! Instead , we were sent a `` Super4rce '' Chinese-made unit with questionable welds , unhardened steel and a hydraulic pump that malfunctioned after the first few logs.After fixing the hydraulic ram we were able to split several very hefty maple rounds with no trouble at all . As we continue to operate this splitter in the future we will always wonder if it will work hydraulically . We 'll also be concerned that the soft-metal construction so typical of Chinese tools will become compromised and bend . And we 'll watch the welds to see if they crack or disintegrate.The splitter is a GREAT idea ! It just needs USA grade construction -- and a larger splitting wedge as well.Time will tell if this was a smart purchase . Buyer beware .
 Manual Deluxe Splitter is not good . I think I could get things done faster with a chainsaw and an ax . I will send it back ! Get an electric one !
 I ordered this replacement part for my Weber Genesis 2000 grill to convert it from the original quick connect regulator to the now standard QCC1 connector . I ordered from Hungry Piranha . Though the description and photo of this part was of a genuine Weber part and my order confirmation was for a Weber part , this is not what I received . Instead I received a Precimex model 5006 regulator and this was not terminated natively with the correct 1/8 '' fitting and so had an adapter screwed into it . There was no contact prior to the order about the substitution and no note in the box . This is obvious misrepresentation . If you want a genuine Weber part , order the 7503 from Weber or if you do n't mind using an adapter get the Weber 7502 and an adapter for it . This regulator may work fine but it was not what I ordered and paid for so I am giving it one star for the misrepresentation . I will now buy the Weber part elsewhere . The only `` positive '' , they did ship out the incorrect part very quickly ...
 This replacement part is not a genuine Weber part - as pictured and described ! Go to your local hardware store and buy a generic and save yourself the shipping & cost for a premimum part !
 Terriblehose exploded when propane valve opened and we never had Thanksgiving day turkey but rather a huge fireball and a visit from the fire depasrtment
 I just tried filling my propane tank with the quick disconnect connector and was told by the dealer that this type of connector has now been banned by the government and he could not fill my tank . I called Weber and they confirmed this . Probably a safety concern although I never had a problem . I will now need to replace my grill LP hose with the screw on type of connector -LRB- QCC1 connection -RRB- .
 This is the second and last time I will purchase a can of this mystery foam . My main gripe is the wand . It is next to impossible to squeeze it and if too much pressure is applied , the squeezing trigger part breaks off and then the foam gushes out out the side of the nozzle on the can . Also , if you do not use all of the can immediately , the foam will no longer come out . I managed to fill only 3 little holes with this product . I wore surgical gloves so it would not get on my hands , but the chemical in the foam ate a hole through them and I still got it on my hands . Had to use lacquer thinner to get it off .
 This is a hot mess to apply even though I did a test patch and got the hang of dispensing small amounts slowly , it still got everywhere , has a really bad stickiness on everything EXCEPT what you want it to stick to ! I tried applying around a hole in the wall under my bathroom sink that a pipe was coming through . This so called GREAT stuff did not stick to the pipe , maybe because the pipe was too cold or smooth or had some condensation , and instead a glob dripped on my hair . I panicked , ripped my gloves off , further spreading the mess , and looked around for acetone and could n't find it . I had to cut a 4 '' section of hair off because of this . I should have left the damn draft because now my hair is a disaster .
 I thought that I read ALL of the fine print before purchasing and beginning to use this product . Upon trying to figure out how to clean the wand that is used to get the spray foam out of the can , I noticed in very fine print - `` One time use only . '' This should be marked clearly on the front of the package so that people are aware of what they are purchasing . I was expecting to use this multiple times until the product eventually went bad . Why would I buy this to fill a small crack here and there , only to discover that if not used within two hours the bottle will seal itself shut ? So basically , I just spent $ 6 to seal two very small openings . And I wo n't even know how well the product has worked until it cures in 8 hours . As well , the wand did not work consistently - The foam did not come out evenly and did not adhere to the surface , but rather when pulling the wand away , much of the foam came with it . Very messy . Not satisfied with this product at all .
 Anyone who uses this knows how unforgiving this stuff is if you get it on places you do n't want it , like your clothing . To lessen your odds of keeping clean , they thought of this nice trigger that screws onto the top , that constantly unscrews itself while using it . Then the foam starts shooting out the base of the nozzle all over your hands , floor and clothing . Most of the time I use this I do n't have the luxury of keeping the can away from my body . I 'm usually on my back shooting up in cracks or whatever . Please redesign this so the damn trigger stays put .
 Bought an entire case of this to fill in some large cracks in the attic . NOT ONE can worked properly . The stuff shot out the side of the top near the wand but not one drop went through the wand . Got it all over the wood , my hands , my pants ... . Ca n't return it if you have tried using every can ! Complete waste of money !
 I 'm remodeling my home and I 've purchased about 10 cans of Dow Great Stuff in the last 3 months . Three of the ten cans had the top -LRB- the white plastic piece where the straw threads attach -RRB- snap off while attaching the straw applicator . I was n't abusing the tops . One of them snapped off with a tiny amount of pressure -LRB- just before I actually threaded it all the way to the bottom -RRB- . The other two cans threaded all the way but when I tried to apply the foam , the top did n't compress and none of the foam came out . I wiggled the top and then tried to screw it on tighter . Nothing worked so I tried to wiggle it / screw it in a little more and that 's when it snapped . The cans become useless once the top snaps off.I called Dow and got a really friendly customer service person . The first thing she asked for was the expiration date on the cans . I looked at the bottom of the cans and gave her the dates . One of the cans was passed the expiration date -LRB- funny thing , since I purchased them only 3 months ago -RRB- . The ever so friendly customer service person told me that 2 of the cans were defective and she could help me with those . She said she could n't help me with the expired can . I explained that the cans all failed in the same way and ask what the expiration date had to do with the cap snapping off ? She said that the top will snap off after the cans expire . What ?!??!? I then said that the other 2 cans were n't passed the expiration date and the tops still snapped off . That 's when she told me to try and return them to the store . I wo n't be buying this stuff again.NOTE
 Purchased this product to seal before installing insulation in a new room.Completelty followed directions ... then nothing came out of the can - now I have to run back to the store to return and get a new can . Hate the wasted time !
 Great Stuff is truly a great idea . The problem is that the dispensing method is poorly executed . I now have two completely full cans sitting next to me which are completely useless . After vigorously shaking for over 30 seconds , placing the dispenser on and squeezing slowly the black seals of both cans starting leaking causing all the `` great stuff '' to come out of the seal area instead of the straw dispenser . And this has happened to me more than once.The date code is for April 11 , 2013 which is months away.Bottom line
 I had bad luck with ths STUFF . Bought 2 cans and the tops on both broke while attaching nozzle . Had an older can and same problem . Must be some trick to dispesing the STUFF but directions on the can sure didn ; t help . Or maybe I got hold of a bad lot ? Not sure , but very agitated with the problem and ended up using fiberglass insulation to seal window .
 Buried in the fine print is the warning `` one time use expected '' . That means you buy this giant 16 oz can , use 2 % to fill a couple of cracks , it then hardens inside the nozzle preventing you from using the rest of the can - so now you put the entire can , still 98 % full , in your `` hazardous waste '' disposal pile.Someone at Dow Chemical must have a wicked sense of humor , not to mention a complete disregard for our environment .
 I used this stuff to fill some large holes/cracks , etc. around the house . First , a review of the product - I filled the areas around electric pipes , and some other holes into the basement , and I am happy with the way it filled everything in . It looks sturdy and solid , and dried quickly . I used a serrated knife to level off the excess . You will not end up with a smooth surface , and you will have to do some touch-up after removing the excess , but it seems to have bonded well all around . Now onto a BIG caution
 DOW needs to provide a LARGE , VISIBLE warning label -LRB- why not use the bright yellow cap ? -RRB- about how impossible it is to get this stuff off your hands/skin ! There are many first time users who may assume that you can use your fingertips to spread this stuff neatly and evenly , like you would caulk . There are also many users who might not happen to have their reading glasses on hand -LRB- many do n't -RRB- , so they miss the small print warning . I 've had this stuff on my fingers now for a week , and my hands look diseased ! Once cured , this stuff will literally bond to your skin worse than even KrazyGlue ! As for the product itself , the applicator often leaked , despite my screwing it on correctly . Clearly , the many other negative reviews regarding the lousy applicator corroborate my findings .
 My husband has use this product before and did n't have any trouble . He used it to close the gaps between pipes coming through the walls in the basement and things like that.Take 1
 COME ON Dow , Ca n't you make something better than this ? Every time I end up using this stuff I end up regretting it . It is extremely unforgiving and seems that no matter how much I prep and protect stuff around it , wear gloves , careful not to touch it gets on something and is nearly impossible to remove . It is messy , extremely difficult to work with and sort of has a mind of its own -LRB- just kind of spreads however it wants with very little control -RRB- . My thought is that this formula must cost Dow next to nothing to make because I ca n't figure out why they ca n't make a more workable and forgiving product.I would try to use any other method possible unless I really have to use this . This stuff should n't even be sold to regular customers , it 's a prescription for disaster . The can does n't need instructions it needs warnings . You can prep and use all sorts or precautions but is still a PITA!I think this reviewer said it best ... `` Impossible to work with . Only suitable for new construction BEFORE you have ANY finish surfaces . Wo n't stay where you put it , gets on your hands , on your clothes , on your walls , on your floors , on your furniture . Next to impossible to remove with anything short of gasoline . Simply evil . And yes , I 've been a carpenter for 40 years . I 'd rather have air leaks . ''
 Ok , so I get all prepped to fill the crack , put on gloves and all , then proceed to fill the gap . Hey , not bad . Wait , why is it still coming out of the tube ? Maybe if I loosed the tube from the can a turn , nope still coming out . How about if I turn it upside down ? Nope , still coming out of the tube . Well I 'll be , the entire can is going to empty out . Whose brainchild was this ? Really ? One use per can ? How about a clue the next time to develop a product to label it with this handy piece of information ? Oh wait , then many people would n't buy it.What a disaster this is . Well one thing is for sure , I can now name at least one product I will never , ever use again.What a scam .
 Bought a can of Dow Great Stuff Big Gap Filler at the local hardware . First I put on all the recommended safety gear . Then I thought I would practice with it to see how it behaved . I screwed on the straw-wand to the top of the valve . I pulled on the handle-trigger and nothing happened . I pulled harder nothing happened . Then I accidentally bumped the straw part of the applicator against a brick step and it snapped off at the nozzle ; very weak and brittle I guess . Since the can was ruined for my purposes , I still wanted to see if I could get any of the filler out of the can . I pushed on the valve sideways figuring that it must be a down/sideways motion that would activate the valve -- most of what was left of the trigger snapped off ; very weak and brittle I guess . Still nothing came out . Then I figured , one last try . I turned the can upside-down and pressed what was left of the valve down against the concrete patio and with some extra downward force I got the filler to come out of the can . I am now satisfied that this is a disastrous product . Just between you and me , I would have had more fun if I had first thrown the can in a fire to watch it explode !
 One-time use only . Impossible to clean . Ruined more things than ` fixed ' . After first use , the straw and nozzle clog with hardened `` stuff '' and they are impossible to clean with any household solvent.I 've never used this product and NOT gotten it on my hands and/or the surroundings . the delivery mechanism and the material itself is impossible to work with . This stuff seems to explode and drip everywhere . Once it 's on your hand -LRB- and heaven forbid your carpet , wall , clothes -RRB- , say goodbye . This stuff cures with water and nothing seems to dissolve it -LRB- I 've tried paint thinner , acetone , goof-off , oils and lotions -RRB- . Just threw away my 4th can after trying to use it a second time . Never will I consider a Dow product like this again .
 I had used the product before and was very satisfied with the foam , but in the last three cans that I tried , two of them did not spray . Brand news cans , but the valves seemed to be defective , or the foam had dried on the inside . The foam leaks from the bottoms of the rubber seal , but none through the proper opening . It would seem , that the cans are not being manufactured rightly , and DOW does n't seem to care .
 upon opening this bag to transfer to a container I find that it is 98 % millet !!! I am very dissatified with product and will not recomend !
 Watch out ! I purchased this bag of bird food which ultimately has all the bird food birds DO NOT LIKE ! My birds continually would dump the seed out of the bird feeder trying to find the very few sunflower seeds in the mix . Even worse , after the second or third time of having to refill what was dumped on the ground , I started seeing lot of bugs within the bird food . Black bugs with a very funny head . Almost look like ticks ! I forgot to mention ... had to throw the whole , bag away as I did n't want some type of infestation in my other foods .
 I guess you really do get what you pay for . There are hardly any sunflower seeds in this mix . My birds are sad .
 The bird feeder that I got from Amazon has a wider set of nettings & the Wagner seeds are quite small & there is a lot of wasted grains - grains that fall on the ground & get wasted ...
 There 's much better values out there for bird seed . Many stores sell a 20 pound bag of seed for nearly half that price .
 Milo is the primary ingredient in this feed - by a long shot ! The birds in my yard unanimously dislike milo ! They get onto the platform feeder and just toss the seeds onto the ground . Of course , they 're not dumping JUST milo . They 're tossing most of the seeds from the feeder onto the ground - trying to get to the sunflower seeds . It makes a mess . Even the birds on the ground are n't eating the dumped out milo . -LRB- I 'll need to pick it up - worried that it will attract rodents . -RRB- I will never purchase this seed again.If you 're looking for an inexpensive seed , Wagner 's 13008 Deluxe Wild Bird Food , 10-Pound Bagis a much better mixture . It still has milo , but millet -LRB- which the finches and cardinals seem to like -RRB- is the primary ingredient . The Deluxe Wild Bird Food is an OK inexpensive mixture when extra sunflower seeds are added .
 Our pool arrived during our heat wave . And it was promptly filled with air and water . It promptly emptied of air and water . There were multiple holes in the bottom of the pool as well as in the bottom ring of the pool . A large disappointment to my children and to myself .
 Product seems to not hold air . The air intake valves are the problem not a leak . Had problem the first time inflated . Customer service will not send a new one . I can just get a refund . I like the pool a lot . I has the features I was looking for that I could n't find in a store . Want another one so I do n't have to reinflate every day but evidently amazon wo n't do that .
 This pool initially was great . A good size for my daughter and me to play in , easy to set up and take down . On the 3rd use , not 5 minutes after we got into the water , a 2 inch split occurred and we needed to abandon ship . Currently waiting for the patch to set before we get back in . I have been cautious not to over inflate the pool and to make sure it is free of sharp areas below it . I am really disappointed that we have not made it through any of our summer yet and the pool already is falling apart . Not impressed at all .
 This pool does not hold air . I inflated it twice , attached the valves correctly . It was flat in a matter of hours.Don ' t buy this pool . It is useless , cheap , a waste of plastic .
 This pool looked great as it was being inflated . However , I was very disappointed to find that it had no drain plug . A pool this size is very heavy and difficult to drain by hand . The bottom developed a leak after just a few weeks of use . Definitely not recommended .
 I was seriously disappointed with the quality of this pool . I bought it on clearance at the end of last summer and it stayed in the box in a closet until this summer . Big mistake , because now it ca n't be returned.I spent quite a bit of time inflating it and then began adding water , only to find it was leaking at the drain plug . The liner was torn about a quarter of the way around where it connects to the drain plug , quite the challenge to try to patch without covering the drain plug . I managed to get a patch on the bottom which appeared to adhere well.The following evening , after having to add air to the top ring which apparently had a slow leak somewhere , I filled the pool and watched my daughter enjoying herself tremendously ... while also watching the slow trickle of water coming from under the pool onto the tarp covering the ground . The patch did not hold.By the next morning , the pool was empty but for a small puddle and the top ring was mushy again from the slow air leak . At that point , I emptied the air and remaining water and placed the pool in the garbage can where it belonged.I 've ordered a larger 12 ' by 33 '' Easy Set Pool and hope to have better luck with it . While not the little play pool my daughter could play in alone with supervision , and while not big enough for an adult to swim in , the new pool will be just big enough to begin to teach her how to swim .
 By the Instructions , I inflated the 2 tubes with air , put the pool on a flat , clean surface , even put a tarp underneath it to prevent any damage from the ground . As it was filling with water , the bottom tube split open and now the pool is listing and only has one tube of air . This was the FIRST USE , just out of the box when this happened , what a disappointment .
 This item was horrible . I inflated it but then put it aside for the next day . Went back to it to discover it was 1/2 way deflated ! The two screw caps that seal the air in the two rings leaks ! I ca n't even return it because I threw the box away . Disappointing !
 The light itself is great . However , the clip is not very strong and I ca n't find one single place on my grill that it will clip and stay in place.I have it clipped to an item next to the grill which is not very convenient .
 I made the mistake of thinking I was getting a `` pack '' of lighters , as shown in the picture . It was quite a surprise when I opened the package and found only 1 single lighter which cost me about $ 5 with the shipping . Oh well , live and learn ...
 I agree with Debbie B 's review . This item is cheap and does not stand the test of time . I did n't even have it one month before it was completely flat ! Very unhappy and expected better from this store - ESPECIALLY considering the high price and expensive shipping .
 I could n't be more dissapointed . This is a $ 5 item in my estimation , certainly not a $ 23-plus-shipping investment . Too bad I ordered an item with no customer reviews . Apparently others were more astute than I and could tell by looking at it in the photo that it was only a piece of neoprene foam in some cheap fabric . Your derriere will not notice any significant cushioning !
