 I purchased this item for the offic gift exchange . The golfers went crazy for it . We have the kind of exchange where you can `` steal '' someone else 's gift and this bbq set really made the rounds ! Nice quality and is bigger than it looks in the picture .
 Gave this to my uncle for a Christmas gift exchange and he LOVES it ! 3 years later anytime there 's a bbq I see him bringing this set out and I think he 's even forgotten who gave it to him bc at the last bbq I shouted `` nice bbq set !! '' and he 's all `` thank you ! I get a lot of compliments on it '' like I was n't the one who gave it to him in the first place ! Super cute , very durable and the carrying case is just perfect !
 Gave as a gift last Xmas to a best friend and golf buddy - he loved it ! Became a conversation piece at every BBQ he hosted this summer . Wish I had bought one for myself and others for more friends .
 Absolute must have for a golfer !! Awesome gift !! Grips are actual golf club grips , not cheap imitation . The golf ball corn on the cob skewrs are a bonus !! The bag and the cover make this set a conversation item not an eye sore . .
 Fun gift that works great !!!! After receiving one to give I ordered one for myself !
 I use this dozer blade for everything from clearing snow moving gravel and clearing over grown parts of my property . It works amazing !
 I had to adapt my tractor to make this fit but no problem what so ever . this blade was not made to fit my specific tractor but I made it work ...
 Got the snow plow in short time.Assembly was easy until I went to mount it on to the riding mower.Guess what NO FRAME BRAKETS wow I ca n't mount it without them.Found out that the FRAME BRAKETS do n't come with the plow.Cost me a extra 23.00 for each FRAME BRAKET from MTD -LRB- need 2 -RRB- would think that MTD would of inclued them in the box.Oh well just another speed bump in life from the great MTD.Now waiting for MTD to send me the FRAME BRAKETS for my Cub Cadetso I can mount the plow.Got to use the snow plow worked GREAT at plowing the snow we had around 4 inch of snow.Even wet melting snow was no trouble for it.BUT found that the plow SKID SHOES ware out fast.Have to replace them in just one month of using the plow.they should of been made from thicker steel or maybe harder steel .
 This fits my Yardman 42 '' 20HP lawn tracter ! it installs like no other product - easy and fast!Just need snow now !
 Got the plow within the time scheduled for delivery . I was concerned when I opened the box and the small parts bag was opened-small parts scattered everywhere . However , all parts were present . Took about 20 min and I was plowing snow . Aleady had weights and chains installed -LRB- a must -RRB- . Will not plow packed down ice but does great on fresh snow , I was pushing 8-10 '' with minimal problems . Very satisfied with purchase . Tip-If you can wait , do n't start plowing until the snow starts to melt -LRB- drips down the gutters or off ledges -RRB- . This is the time to strike for the best results with the least effort . Also , if possible push show to the side instead of straight ahead .
 Well packed and arrived quick . Had it together and covering irrigation ditch in about an hour . After covering about 1000 ft. of ditch , I think it has already paid for itself . I 've increased the spring tension and scraped the driveway too . It 's no bobcat but has worked great for me . Ca n't wait for it to snow now .
 The product was well packaged and shipped promptly . However , the item had to be returned because it would not fit my 700 series lawn tractor . The web site stated it would fit all tractors while the box stated it would not fit 700 series machines , which it did not . The item was returned at Amazon 's expense and their refund of my money was prompt . Overall , a smooth transaction .
 This is a good plow for light snow . Easy to attach and remove . Ca n't wait for the first snow . I have only used it to clear a section of my yard and it handled it well .
 Item came shipped in a manageable size box , on-time , and ready to put on the tractor . It could n't have been easier !
 does anyone out there know if the arnold oem-190-833 fast attach 46 inch will fit my 42 inch craftsman tractor ?
 I 've had one of these plows on my Yard Man Autodrive 17 HP tractor since 2000 . I 've worked its buns off and now need another one . Yeah , if you wait until you have 10 '' of heavy wet snow on the ground , you better get out the two-stage 4 stroke snow blower ! But if you have a reasonable approach to it , this little blade will handle it . Take it from a guy who plows several times a week and lives in the high Colorado Mountains . You just ca n't expect it to be as powerful as a pickup truck with an 8 foot plow , chains , 4WD , etc. . It 's not that bad and sure has saved my back for the past seven seasons . You 've got to have the wheel weights and chains ! That 's an absolute MUST ! Also , try using the angle setting when plowing heaver snow . That way the snow will fly to one side or the other . M & D Mower has this plow for $ 365 plus shipping .
 I would not have expected this item to work well for fear of the tractor being to weak or the plow to flimsy or the snow too heavy , etc. . . , except that my neighbor owns one and I used it last winter with great success . I have used mine 4 times now , and actually enjoy plowing my driveway -LRB- and I do some of the neighbors ` drives and our sidewalks -RRB- . My driveway is approx 100 feet long , so it was a daunting task to shovel it in previous years . I initially started looking for a snow thrower , but was turned off by many bad reviews online . -LRB- not to mention , this is 1/2 the cost of a small gas snow thrower -RRB- My tractor does not struggle at all to push moderate levels of snow . I use it with the blade to the side , and sweep the snow to the side , rather than push it straight . This seems to work incredibly well . I can literally plow my driveway perfectly clean in under 10 minutes . Try that with a snow blower -LRB- or shovel -RRB- ! The item shipped fast . I had it Christmas week , within 3-4 days of ordering . It is built very well . All parts seem to be of very high quality . I was missing a part , as some have mentioned in reviews I 've read . The parts are not sealed in a plastic bag , and some fell out and were loose in the box . I was missing a bolt and washer , which I replaced easily enough . Luckily all hardware is standard nuts and bolts , etc. . . which I had on hand , but any hardware store would also carry.One tip that should be in the directions
 We were concerned that this blade might be thin metal and unable to plow the dirt we needed it for since most sites were calling it a snow plow . Unable to find anything better that would fit our Cadet , we took a chance . It works just fine . We are not moving big piles of dirt , just topsoil to level out the lawn . We 're also using it to push dirt back into the hole in which we placed a storm shelter . We have had to add WD40 a few times ; also have to stop and rinse the dirt off the mechanism . It 's a slight pain in the neck , but to get the work done , we can live with it . The arm operating the blade does get tired too , so if you have arthritis you might not be happy with that part . Moving the blade also required leaning forward quite a bit so expect your back to get plenty tired . It would be nice if the blade handle were longer , but it is evident that one could n't get onto the Cadet if that were the case . Too bad the blade is n't operable automatically . Like many other people , we were missing a hardware piece . Since my husband keeps everything `` just in case '' , he had a part in the garage , so we did n't have to go purchase one . Overall , we 'd buy it again .
 Takes a while to install but we have been able to use our mower without removing the mowing deck . A much better value than a snowblower and less work .
 Dirt , snow , it works . Versus the snow blower -LRB- walk-behind -RRB- , it reduces the clearing time by 50 % . It is more than capable at the small dirt tasks . The assembly and install is straight forward . As many said , it is missing some parts that required a trip to Home Depot .
 Bought this to replace the same one we had purchased with our lawn mower . The first one was just wore out from so much use . Works great .
 nice item . price is good . couldnt have asked for anything more . i was pleased with the overall purchase and everything .
 Anyone who has dragged a gas-fed trimmer , or even an electric , around an acre knows at the end of the day that there was some exercise there . I suspect I would have given this a five even if it had been a hunk of baling cord , but I have to say I am glad someone decided to design something specific for this problem . The connections are logical and simple and it works . Now if I can get the trimmer to be so dependable ...
 As described - fast shipping . Seems sturdy enough & the `` lock '' pins seem to be a decent design to hold itin place .
 I 've been starting from seeds for years , always using standard peat pots in flats . Sometimes the plants would get quite root bound before I could get them in the ground . Also , the pots take quite some time to decay , so I ripped off most of the pot before transplanting . Until now . These types really do allow more root penetration through the weave of the pot . This also makes bottom watering in the flats much improved . No real issues with direct planting the whole pot , the roots just go right through the sides while it decays . Quite a bit `` greener '' in concept and material usage also .
 Hummingbirds love this feeder and so do I. For several years these Schrodt feeders were difficult to find and if you found one , you had to pay premium . I am glad to see the feeders back with the same beautiful recycled French bottles . Schrodt feeder owners do n't want any sacrifice to quality . We have 5 of this style in different colors . The Schrodt feeders are , to my mind , the most stylish of feeders ; and the birds act as if they are at the yearly Crouch & Fitzgerald handbag clearance sale.Some glass feeders regularly drip the sugar water food , which means open bar to ants . In 3 years , I have had no problem with dripping . But I am careful not to drip when hanging them and I clean any drops away from where they are hung . The brass , redwood and glass are long-lasting and stay looking good.I have interchanged the feeders to see if the hummingbirds show a color preference ; they seem to have preference to location but not color . -- But I do . I love the pink , blue sapphire , amethyst , gold luster and ruby red . I like the way the sunlight glistens off the iridescent feeders as they turn slightly in the trees . My strong preference is for the solid colors , non-etched , not faceted , with the flat redwood top . To my eyes these are nicer , cost less than the etched and seem more durable than the faceted top.The birds typically hover as they drink , but often will sit . The shape of the base is perfect because it both discourages larger birds and makes it difficult for these little fellers to mark the feeder , which , because hummingbirds are so obsessively and apoplectically territorial , they want to do . I keep the feeders in the shade and at least 5 feet apart . I 'll admit that they are more decorous when grouped together , but then we had problem with the same bird defending multiple feeders causing nervous exhaustion ; and we want to encourage many species . To suit me , I have different feeders viewable from different windows.The redwood comes back to life with a new thin coat of boiled linseed oil and white vinegar solution . Just make sure it 's completely dried for a week to avoid harming these indelicate birds.If you do develop a problem with ants , the Schrodt feeders ' pair nicely with the Ant Moat 3 '' x 6 '' h Color
 I 've used this hose now for 6 months . I have owned 5 homes over the last 45 yrs including some on acreage so I 've owned dozens of hoses . This hose resists kinks better than most and any kink is easily `` pulled '' out . It is a bit on the heavy side . When you turn it off and then let the pressure out you 'll be surprised at how little water comes out , a testament to the lack of stretch under pressure -LRB- I believe the 400 psi burst strength -RRB- . The hot water capability is nice when using it with a pressure washer or hooking it to the garage hose bib to wash the cars . I wish it came in a 100 foot length but for now 75 will have to do .
 Been using for a few months . It handles the hottest water setting on my hot water heater . No leaks and no burns .
 This feeder was given to us as a Christmas gift by our son at least 6 years ago . It has been great and very durable until now . The intermediate nut has split and the top bonnet also . When they put this back on the market , we will be the first to buy one . No others are as practical and squirrels ca n't get on it .
 Hummingbirds love this feeder and so do I. For several years these Schrodt feeders were difficult to find and if you found one , you had to pay premium . I am glad to see the feeders back with the same beautiful recycled French bottles . Schrodt feeder owners do n't want any sacrifice to quality . We have 5 of this style in different colors . The Schrodt feeders are , to my mind , the most stylish of feeders ; and the birds act as if they are at the yearly Crouch & Fitzgerald handbag clearance sale.Some glass feeders regularly drip the sugar water food , which means open bar to ants . In 3 years , I have had no problem with dripping . But I am careful not to drip when hanging them and I clean any drops away from where they are hung . The brass , redwood and glass are long-lasting and stay looking good.I have interchanged the feeders to see if the hummingbirds show a color preference ; they seem to have preference to location but not color . -- But I do . I love the pink , blue sapphire , amethyst , gold luster and ruby red . I like the way the sunlight glistens off the iridescent feeders as they turn slightly in the trees . My strong preference is for the solid colors , non-etched , not faceted , with the flat redwood top . To my eyes these are nicer , cost less than the etched and seem more durable than the faceted top.The birds typically hover as they drink , but often will sit . The shape of the base is perfect because it both discourages larger birds and makes it difficult for these little fellers to mark the feeder , which , because hummingbirds are so obsessively and apoplectically territorial , they want to do . I keep the feeders in the shade and at least 5 feet apart . I 'll admit that they are more decorous when grouped together , but then we had problem with the same bird defending multiple feeders causing nervous exhaustion ; and we want to encourage many species . To suit me , I have different feeders viewable from different windows.The redwood comes back to life with a new thin coat of boiled linseed oil and white vinegar solution . Just make sure it 's completely dried for a week to avoid harming these indelicate birds.If you do develop a problem with ants , the Schrodt feeders ' pair nicely with the Ant Moat 3 '' x 6 '' h Color
 I 'm very pleased with the Picnic Table ! It 's very sturdy , easy to put together and will last a lifetime . It 's well worth the price !
 I have the flag displayed indoors , so ca n't vouch for it 's durability to weather . However it appears high quality and has good color .
 I recently saw this flower while traveling and I fell in love with it . I hoped I could add them to my garden and when I found a seller who sold them I was thrilled . I was even happier when my flowers came in on time and in perfect condition . As an avid gardener I take pride in my plants and I look forward to doing business with Angelgardens again !! Thank you !!!!
 I was very pleased . It is inexpensive but very sturdy . I actually used it as a dolly for my printer stand . Now I 'll order another for the plant for which it was intended .
 I ordered this table as something that could be used on my backporch and stored when not in use . This table is wonderful . It looks just like the teak lounge chairs that I currently have on the porch and feels very sturdy . When not in use , I can fold it almost flat and put it away . Just what I was looking for , at a great price !!
 This is the only product that seems to provide any protection for my garden from deer .
 Deer Off really does keep deer , woodchucks and rabbits from eating our garden plants , shrubs and trees . It works winter and summer in our semi-rural southern Wisconsin location . Rain will wash it off , but usually applying it every few weeks does the trick.I recommend using the concentrate . Keep the bottle in your refrigerator . No , it wo n't make your ` frige stink ! We mix it up as needed and spray it with an inexpensive plastic pressurized sprayer . Diluted concentrate in the sprayer does not spoil , but will freeze in the winter as it is water-based . The concetrate seems expensive , but it 's much cheaper than buying the pre-mixed version . Just a light application on each plant is all that 's needed to be effective .
 I have been using this product for approximately 3 years . It definitely fends off any critters -LRB- large or small -RRB- from eating your plants . The solution is very strong , so I use it mainly on flowers and shrubs as opposed to vegetables and or fruits . I imagine it would be ok to use on edibles , depending on the permeability of their skin , however this is one marinade I would absolutely pass on . The residual effects of the application last for quite a long period , at least 6 weeks to 2 months .
 I wanted a deer repellent that was nontoxic and did n't rely on predator urine . After reading test results of various products , I tried Deer Off . It does work - we have herds of deer that come through my suburban yard , and it saved my hosta flowers this year -LRB- deer ate every single one before I got Deer Off -RRB- . The problem is that I have to remember to keep a supply of it onhand , because if I do n't use it every six weeks or so , it eventually wears off . It can also be hard on your sprayer . The handles broke on the two spray bottles I used , so I started using a pump sprayer . I have to filter the concentrate , because it can clog the sprayer with little bits . I combine it with some liquid kelp and fertilize the plants at the same time.I do n't know about squirrels or rabbits , because even though we have them , they do n't cause much damage to my shade garden .
 excellent service , excellent product . finally , the deer are avoiding our gardens ! only wish deer off wer a little less expensive . overall , great job ! thank you !!
 Definately keeps deer away from gardens and plantings . However , the squirrels keep picnicking on my fruit trees-not an effective product in this area .
 I have a terrible deer problem in my garden . Vegetables and flowers can be devastasted overnight and they trample the gardens too , sometimes laying down and crushing large plants . They will eat every daylily bud and tomato plant I have . I spray this on once a month -LSB- more if it rains a lot -RSB- and they really do n't touch the plants . I bought a large sprayer type cannister with a pump and mixed a large batch and use it as needed over the summer . It is 100 % effective for me .
 I have grown roses for about 10 years . When my husband and I moved to the country I had the rose bushes eaten down to the canes . I lost over 50 bushes while I tried product after product . You name it -- human hair , soap , mothballs , motion detector pumpkins that lit up and made noise ... I even found someone who kept large cats and tried lion dung ... nothing worked until I found this product . Here in Florida with our heavy summer rains , I apply it more frequently . Great product !
 I am very pleased with the 2 Arboria armchairs that I recently received . My husband had to make some extra pilot holes for some of the screws in putting the chairs together , but other than that , they went together very well . They are very sturdy and very nice looking . I did oil them following the manufacturer 's instructions .
 The chairs are great . They came really fast . The only issues I have are that they are a bit heavy and I did n't realize I was going to need to put linseed oil on them when I got them and then to keep the same color I 'll need to put a varnish on them . But they look really nice , they ' re comfortable , and easy to store and move . You 'll want to buy cushions for them to make them soft to sit on .
 These chairs are great . Good quality , nice heavy construction . The only gripe I would have is the folding issue . They do n't want to stay closed , and moving them around in the open position is difficult as THEN they want to collapse . BUT THAT SAID , if you use them like chairs should be used , you 'll be happy . They look great , feel great , and the price was great .
 Arboria 8803403 Idlewild Outdoor Wood Spontaneity Folding ChairThese are wonderful chairs , beautiful and well-made , the best I have ever seen . To say the least , I am extremely pleased with them and with the very quick service I received .
 I am a wider body and just love this chair . the height is perfect , the width works quite well . I was surprised that even after a length of time sitting in it I did not get uncomfortable . Others loved it as well as I was constantly chasing people out of it . I am thinking of buying a second one .
 This is a great pump for a garden fountain . Easy to adjust and clean .
 I ordered this table only because of the free shipping and good price . It was delivered quickly , but the box was so beat up and torn that there was damage to the corners . It was also missing the assembly pieces and instructions -LRB- no doubt because of the huge holes in the box -RRB- . It took an hour of going around in circles with Amazon for me to finally get a straight answer . No , I can not just get the parts missing . I have to send the whole 50lb . table back in a box that is shredded -LRB- or locate a new box to send it in -RRB- and they will send me a new table . And since there is no packing material in the box to protect the table , I am highly doubtful that UPS will deliver another one in any better condition . I will be sending it back and getting a refund . Too bad , it was a very nice table . Good , solid wood and just the right size for our small patio . It is just one of those items that is risky to purchase online.UPDATE
 This table is used for sitting at the slip at the marina ... Easily foldsup and stores and is light enough to carry around ... sturdy enough touse ... and not bad to look at either .
 Great product , plenty sturdy & get tons of fun comments on it . However , color not quite as it looks in the picture , but still cute .
 Great product !!! Service was better than excellent !!! Received within 24 hrs . Thank you .
 This product was easy to install to replace our old one and is working great . The only downfall I would find would be that these pumps for the above ground pools only last one summer and they just break or quit working . If I knew how and what would work - one could probably buy a bigger pump and it last longer but all in all they have worked great and a pump once a year is not a huge cost for all the fun the kids have . My daughter learned to swim in her above ground pool .
 I previously saw a review describing this pump as noisy . Indeed , of all the pumps that we had purchased , this is the loudest when the pool is empty or at night.Other than that , it has been working well , alone or with other attachments such as a skimmer .
 This is a good product does what it say 's it will and was shipped very fast and so easy to set up .
 intex pumps and filters are the very best for the price and ease of operation . These are designed for above ground pools , but work great on our fish tanks and ponds ... super pumps and prices .
 Had a small 65 gallon inflatable pool . Kept turning green in the Florida heat . Bought this pump and some clorine . Since then , water has stayed crystal clear . Pump works very well . Timer is an excellent feature , but only works once a day at the same time , so its not adjustable . But , for the price it ca n't be beat . Pump is quiet and really flows a lot of water . Buy your filters online , they 're much cheaper that way . Will probably be buying a bigger pool next year and plan on using this pump . Ca n't go wrong for the price.Update
 this pump works very well and much better than the wimpy one that comes with the pool . we have a salt water filtration system connected to this and it works together well . well worth the money .
 Pump works great , it was easy to put together , instructions were clear and easy to read . Came in 3 boxes ,1 inside another and inside another , could have been packaged in a more greener way .
 I have the Easyset 15x36 which came with the 600 GPM filter and pump . It was OK but I live in the desert and the triple digit heat for 5 months was causing headaches with dirt and algae . I purchased the saltwater system and dirt and algae went away . Pool was 90 % maintenance free . I highly recommend . The original 600 gpm filter gave out after 2 years and I bought the 1500 GPM filter . Wow ! much easier to clean and filters great . All conversion hoses and adapters came with this unit so do n't buy any additional items . It Is noisier . Highly recommend . Okay , update on this . As i said earlier we added the salt water system . Within a month or so the one hoses cracked and was under warranty . Intex kept sending the wrong hose and parts , six times they sent the wrong parts . After 6 additional emails with attached photos and as many phone calls even speaking with supervisors I received a box from them . Enclosed in the box was a new complete 1500 gpm pump all the hoses and adapters for the new larger hoses , which was all I needed , one hose . I 'm as honest as the day is long and hot out here . But I said screw you Intex for your lousy customer service , warranty and products . In the next two weeks they sent me free , two more complete pump systems . I sent all three of them to my sons Marine unit in Iraq for their pools . Semper Fi Intex .
 I bought this pump to replace the pump that I purchased to replace the one that came with my above ground pool . Had to cut the openings on the pool to fit the new fittings ... if done carefully and slowly there should be no problems . But anyhow I love this new pump , wished I had bought it first ... the other one only lasted 6 weeks . I have told friends and family about this one and I know of at least 2 that have already ordered one .
 I upgraded to the 1500-gallon after the original 1000-gallon stopped working after 3 yrs . Unfortunately , I can not use the `` plunger valve assembly '' or the `` nozzle & strainer '' . They are too big for my pool , which is 16 ` X48 '' , with 1.25 '' in/outlet holes . There is no adapter to get the 1.5 '' plunger and nozzle assembly through my pool 's 1.25 '' holes . Using what I already have on hand from past pools , I 've got it to work , but with old strainers . The `` plunger valves , '' `` strainer connector , '' and `` inlet nozzle '' are still in the box . I was hoping to upgrade the whole system , but only ended up replacing my old `` pump '' with a new one . It does move the water better than the old one . Hopefully I can get more than 3 yrs out of it . Maybe Intex , the makers of my pool and this pump , will offer an adapter with future pumps .
 This product shipped as requested and arrived in a very short time , sooner than expected and it works wonderful and keeps my pool crystal clear . Would purchase items in a heartbeat again from seller
 We love this pump . It has a timer on it , unlike our last pump . When our last pump went out , we were bummed , because our pool was fine , but the little part inside the pump was defective . It was wonderful to order off of Amazon , because nobody around here carries the pump , or even the part . -LRB- checked pump repair place , and pool store -RRB- . It shipped quick -- we did n't even get enough time for gunk to grow in our pool they shipped it so quick !
 This is a good pool pump . We have been using it for over a month and it is working great . We used it to replace a 1000gph pump for our 18ft Intex pool . You may need an adapter to get the hoses to fit the intake hose from the pool .
 This pump and filter appear to be a good deal , especially considering the price . I bought it for my son 's 1500 gallon -LRB- 10 ft diameter -RRB- pool . It certainly has enough power for the pool and appears to be well-made . I 'm hoping it will last longer than one season -- the last three pools we had -LRB- the smallest and cheapest Intex -RRB- lasted only one season -- and they were only run a few hours in the summer season . I 'm keeping my fingers crossed !
 We bought this pump as a replacement for the 500 pph filter that broke after one year of use . It took little time and was very easy to install . One note , you must buy the attachment adapter to change from 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 inch hoses in order to install this filter - my only complaint . However , our local pool store gave them to us for free and I 've seen them advertised for about $ 12 for the pair . I hope this filter lasts the 3 years it is reputed to .
 This is a great product for your above ground pool . It has alot of power and does a much better job than the others .
 i use this on my 16 ' soft pool and it has way more pressure the the one that came with the pool and it seems to work just fine .
 This product fit my pool perfectly . It kept my swimming pool clean and I loved it ! Definitely buy it ! Woo !
 I purchased this filter pump for my grandson 's outdoor 12 ' x 30 &#34; pool , since the original one that came with the pool just did n't seem adequate enought to take care of the circulation needed to keep the pool clean & functioning properly . I bought this pump & it works great . Has adequate volume output & I have no more problems . The pump has several settings & timer that makes it nice to set & leave alone . The pumps seals never give any problems & changing filters are a snap ! The output is great & the quiteness of the pump is a big plus . I highly recommend this pump for the above ground intex pools .
 It lasted about three summers which is a little longer than the smaller pumps that we have used before . Kept the 15ft x 42 '' pool clean . I will buy a similar pump for replacement .
 Our old pump that came with our 13 x 42 in . pool went bad on the 3rd season of using it . We ordered this pump which pumps more gallons per hour than the orginal pump did that came with the pool . We had to get the hose conversion adapters that makes a 1 1/4 inch hose into a 1 1/2 inch hose . You can get these at any hardware store . Very simple to hook up and use . The pump has been running for a couple hours a day every other day and the water is crystal clear . We still have to use the net to get some sediment off the bottom but the pump runs and does a great job . The timer feature is nice also ! The pump was shipped very fast considering it came all the way across the country and we received it in perfect condition !!! Thanks for the great service and we would recommend this seller and would buy from this seller again !!!!
 Works very well with pool I have ... I have an Easyset 2 ft pool ... My orignial pump died so i bought this one . Has a timer to set for easy filtering of pool . So far no problems with it at all ...
 THE INTEL PUMP WE ORDERED THROUGH AMAZON WAS BETER THAN THE ORIGINAL . THE PRICE AND QUALITY WERE EXCEPTIONAL WHICH IS WHAT YOU GET FROM AMAZON .
 Have a 14 x30 Intex pool , works great , little on the noisy side , much better than the 550pgh pump that came with the pool , well worth the money
 We love , love , love our Intex easy set pool . This is the 3rd year we have had it . The fan on our filter pump starting losing the blades until finally it would n't suck up any water at all . We were frantic to find another pump before our water turned green . We ordered from Amazon and one week later we were back in business . The new pump is an upgrade from our old one and works great . Although I wish the shipping time had been a little shorter , I am extremely pleased with the product and the price .
 intex 1500 gallon filter pump . I ordered this product because I left my other pump turned on by mistake without any water going thur it . But amazon was very helpfull and the service was great . Once I ordered the pump they sent it out the next day . I recieved it in about four days . They also kept me posted as to where it was at an when it would be arriving . So I 'm very pleased with the product and the customer service . Thank You , Freda from Tulsa , OK . I would also give this product 5 stars .
 this was exactly what we wanted and we found it once again on amazon . our pool is now up and running and this was the perfect solution to our problem !
 This was a great purchase for us and suited our needs perfectly . We have an 18ft by 4 ft intex pool and this pump performs perfectly on that size pool . This was also the best price that I could find for this pump . We are very happy with our purchase!Thanks
 First I just want to say the shipping was fast 3 days !!! Second this pump is much more powerful than the 780gal/hr skimmer pump that came with our pool . Fittings were included and a filter and it was simple to install . Very impressed with the transaction , shipping and the product . thanks
 Pump works great . Received package quickly and undamaged . Has a built in timer . I would recommend this . Also remember that if you are installing this on a pool that came with the smaller pump you will need to purchase the reducers .
 I uesd this as a replacement pump and it works great . Has good in flow as well as out flow .
 When my old pump went out I shopped around the local retailers . The prices were much higher . Shipping was quick . I 'll definitely buy this way in the future .
 I had to get some coupling converters for this but that was minor and it works fantastically . Has a timer so that it almost runs itself . Strong enough to give great circulation to an 18 `` X42 ' pool and keeps it crystal clear with just the normal chemical additions . Some of the best money I spent all summer !
 It works well , about what I would expect from other reviews and I got the end of season price so I 'm pretty satisfied , I have to say . I do wish Intex made a vacuum that actually works in these little dolphin tank pools . I did need to use adapters and I could not use their strainers on the intake or input areas -LRB- Where the hoses attach to the pool -RRB- because they were just too big for the holes in my pool . But I got it all figured out without too much of a headache . Certainly this works much better than what the pool came with
 This pump was backordered and I was afraid I would have to wait weeks for it . It was here in 10 days . This pump works so much better than the small pump that comes with the pool -LRB- 15 ' x 48 '' -RRB- Well worth the money .
 The original lasted 2 years and just suddenly burnt up . Did n't realize that it was so much less efficient till we got this new one . Came with everything we needed so glad did n't order the adapter kit ! The water really moves thru the filter and our water is staying alot clearer . My husband frequently changes out/rotates the filters we have by soaking in a bucket of bleach water . . saves money ! We have to use alot of algaecide since this is south Texas and usually wall to wall sunshine but this new filter pump is handling it all ! Good buy for us !
 I purchased this pump when the pump that came with my pool stopped working . Since I did n't have my receipt of purchase the manufacturer would not replace it even though it was less than 15 days from the date of purchase that the pump broke . After not having a pump running in my pool which is 15 ' by 4 ' for about a week , this pump cleared the pool up in almost 12 hours . We checked it every 2 hours and replaced and clean the filter and the pool is now crystal clear . This pump is great for the money you spend on it . The timer allows me to leave it run at night and know that it will shut off when the timer is done . It was a great investment .
 Purchased this pump for a smaller pool - only 900 gallons -LRB- 10 ` X30 '' -RRB- . We purchased the intex saltwater system and then realized the pump that came with our pool did not have a high enough Gallon Per Hour GPH flow . So we puchased this and Love it . It is working awesome with the Intex Saltwater system . It is quiet and we love the timer - it just runs by itself - no work on our end . Easy to operate - easy to clean the filter .
 The Intex pool pump has been working great . Doing a good job . With the timer on it we do n't have to have it running all the time .
 We bought this pump to use with the Intex Salt Water System on our 10 x 30 Easy Set Pool . I had read reviews about crystal clear water and little to no up keep using the combination of these 3 products . Again , 10 x 30 pool , Intex Salt Water System , and the 1500 Gal Filter Pump . We 110 % got exactly that . With zero effort our water stays perfectly clean and we never have the added expense of weekly chemicals . We added approx 30 pounds of pool salt -LRB- $ 7 -RRB- at start up and have n't had to do a thing since . LOVE LOVE LOVE these products . Made it so easy I think we may buy a larger pool next year !
 This is a great pool pump . I was interested in buying a bigger pump but could not get contact information on the website to ensure that a bigger pump would fit my pool . It would help if there was contact information for the sellers so we could make better informed decisions.The original pump lasted only one year . Hope this one does better . It is not powerful enough to get the debris from the bottom of the pool . It does however keep the water very clean .
 This pump is a better pump than previous pumps I have owned . I truly saw a difference in the water and filtration . It made pool vacuuming so much easier and filled up so much faster . Great pump !
 It was so nice to have a new motor that works . Out last motor we used for 3 years hopefully will get just as much good out of this one . It is easy to hook up to our existing pool . A great product .
 Pump works great was easy to install and operate . Changing the filter is alot easier than the original pump and keeps my pool cleaner . Also it was the best price I could find for it .
 This is a replacement pump motor for an above the ground pool . The first motor only lasted 1 1/2 seasons before all of the internal fan blades broke off.It would be helpful to be able to just order the parts needed instead of having to order the complete kit.This new motor works great but we now have several hoses and valves extra .
 It seems to be working just , at least a heck of a lot better then the other one , that came with the pool . I do n't see how they could put such a cheep filter with the pool to begin with . The one I just bought move three times as much water , and seems to working just fine . Now if it would just stop raining I would be all set . It has either rained every day , or cold since I have had the new filter
 Works great on my 15x48 pool ! Bought along with Saltwater system , both are doing an amazing job !
 What a great pump . My pool sat for the month of June , without chemicals or a pump . Yuck ! I set this up in 10 minutes , turned it on , added chemicals , and within 2-4 hours our pool was nearly clear ! Really packs a punch . Very pleased with its power .
 I 've had this running for over a month now and have been very pleased . The timer is great so I do n't have to keep it running all day . I also use a Salt Water season on my home pool . The previous pump supplied with my 10 ' round pool was n't strong enough to work with the Salt Water system , I kept getting low flow warnings . For the past month the salt water and filter pump turn on according to my set schedule and run without worry . Overall very pleased , hopefully this will last me a few more summers !
 I ordered this pump needing a new one for our 5,500 gallon above ground pool . This pump is amazing ! It keeps the water clean and moving . It has a timer on it as well that I do n't remember reading about but that is a very nice feature . It came with 2 new valves as well . I read under one comment that they did n't receive their valves and had to purchase them separately but this pump came with them . All in all , I really like the pump and it is doing a great job so far !
 First of all I would like to thank Windy City SuperStore for selling this amazing product for such a great price . I would not only like to thank intex for manufacturing this but for their customer support . I 've had my intex pool for three years this summer and it a 15x48 round and the pool pump that came with it was n't very so good after two years it broke at the end of pool season . So this year we figured we would get a new pool liner a new ground cloth and a new pool pump . It has a timer and everything you need in the box -LRB- the one on the page may not have a timer but amazon says this is the one I ordered -RRB- and it cleans greatBecause on our pool we have 1-1/4 inch connectors and the ones for this pool pump are 1-1/2 connectors that meant we would have to cut in to our new pool liner . We went to our local pool center and they said the beast way to do it was to cut an x instead of a circle . We took the gamble and cut them installed everything according to the manual and it was working with one minor setback it leaked . so we went to the intex website for those who do n't know its -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- - the spaces in hopes that amazon would not cut it out of my review -RRB- put them on and no more leaking.Went on vacation for a week with the pool pump in timer mode after cleaning I left the plungers closed and then when I got home the pool pump did not work so I called intex with a little stretching the truth they sent me a e-mail survey filled it out went to amazon printed the shipping info and receiving conformation . After faxing it they sent me a new one.Now that I saw it had shipped I thought what do I have to lose and decided to take it apart I took of the front cover off unscrewing the four screws on the front plate . -LRB- look at my customer picture -RRB- the I find a round plate that covers the pump housing and open it if there is water in it this could be your problem let it out . Also there will be a clear plastic piece covering the fan inside make sure the screws a tight and before you replace the circle pump housing put pool lube on the o ring to help seal do not put sealer . after I did the I plugged it in and it worked later that week I received my new one with the old one now working the new one can sit in my garage until the fan blade brakes or anything I can not fix on my own.p.s . hopes this helps
 I bought this pump to replace my 1000 gallon pump that came with the pool . This pump works great and has a lot more flow than the other one . The timer is great as I now dont have to keep plugging and unplugging like I did with the other pump . The seller My Quick Buy is a great seller as well . I received this pump quickly and they were very helpful and responsive when I had questions regarding my order and the pump .
 Im so happy with this product . I have a 5,000 gal pool and it came with a 7oo gph pump . my pool stayed green last year ! no matter what i did . i used the chemicals , treated the water , had it analyzed , vacuumed , everything i Could think of to keep the pool clean . I drained it over and over and finally just gave up and put it up for the winter . So I just ordered this pump for this year and it makes such a difference in my pool . wish i would 've just got it last year and saved the aggravation . probably would 've paid for itself after all the chemicals and filters i had to buy . the self timer is great too !
 After many pool filter purchases . I 've finally found one that last more than one year . . It 's a little noisy . But , it works well and I recommend you give it a try . . Amazon did have the best price .
 My 16 ' intex pool came with a 5000 GPH filter pump that used the `` A '' size filters . I got two years of service out of the 5000 GPH pump but was never really satisfied that it was circulating all of the water in the pool through it . Very near the end of our 2nd season of use , the 500gph pump froze up and died . I did my research and chose this filter pump as a replacement for two reasons . I wanted something a bit more powerful , and I wanted something that would retain compatibility with the batch of `` A '' size filters that we 'd stocked up on for cheap at the end of last season . Also liked the fact that this model has a timer built in , so no need to have an external timer in the loop to turn it on and off anymore . It came with hoses and plunger valves . The hoses worked great because I already had adapters on hand -LRB- that came with our salt water chlorinator -RRB- . The plunger valves were useless to me because they were made for a newer model pool and -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- ca n't be made to work even with adapters . Too bad because life would be so much easier with those plunger valves . no more using the little `` black hat-like '' plugs to close off the water flow when washing or replacing the filter ... Maybe I can sell them on ebay and recoup some of the cost of this pump . Bottom line
 I am using one of these pumps for my wood fired hot tub and have been for three years straight . I bought it used off Craigslist as a temporary fix while I shopped for a big one . It worked so well I never bought one of the big $ 300 - $ 700 models . It runs on a timer every day for 4 hours and does a great job . What is most impressive is that it has lasted so long and taken such abuse . My tub is in the woods below a bunch of cedar and fir trees so it gets tons of junk in it even with a cover on . I 've even drained the tub several times for cleaning and forgotten to tun off the timer so the pump has run dry for hours , fill it up days later and it pumps away . In winter it has frozen solid , thaws out after a few days and keeps on ticking . It 's finally getting loud so before it fails I am going to replace it . With a little less abuse I 'm sure it will last a very long time .
 THIS PRODUCT IS WORKING JUST GREAT FOR MY POOL , IT IS JUST LIKE THE ONE I HAD BEFORE AND IT KEEPS MY POOL NICE AND CLEAN AT ALL TIMES.THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR HELP .
 Easy to install , plenty of water flow with an adjustable jet nozzel . Also has a timer/on/off switch . Easy to change cartridge filter .
 This was a replacement for a 4 year pump that went bad . This pump should do better because it has a surge protector and a built in timer . The price was also fair .
 Received the pump fast . I had to modify the holes in the pool just a little for the pipes to fit and did that with the pool full of water . Cut the pump on and it worked great a whole lot better than the one that came with the pool .
 I panicked when my pool pump suddenly stopped working one day , but was thrilled when this new , updated version arrived only 4 days after I ordered it . The pump came with hoses , etc and was fast and easy to install . I was extremely impressed with the fast shipping !
 After researching this item , I decided to purchase this one even though it was a little more expensive . I now know why that was . When I opened the box , I found the pump , hoses , one extra adapter , two plunger valves and the instruction booklet . This was GREAT ! Now not only can I use it with my existing 1 1/4 '' hose fittings , but if I ever get a larger pool or decide to cut the existing holes larger , I have the plunger valves that came with this item . Right now all I need is the little black `` hat '' to block off the water so I can change my filter . But , if I ever decide to use the plunger valves , I will be able to just shut the valves on both ends to make changing the filter less `` water splashing '' . I especially like the ON/OFF switch that can be used to turn the unit ON continually , or switch it to a `` Timer '' function that starts at 2 hours and increments in 2 hours settings up to 12 hours total running time . I have mine set to run for 6 hours . As the `` other '' commercial says - `` Set it and Forget it ! '' It comes on at the same time every day . I did research this item and other reviews suggested to `` beef up '' the impeller blades by using some epoxy . This will void the warranty so do it at your own risk . At the price I paid for this item , it wo n't be hard to order another one if and when this one wears out . Item was shipped and received on time by seller . I was very pleased with items in the box and I would order from this seller again . Well done !
 The old pump for my blow-up pool was shot so I searched area stores to replace it . There were n't any mathcing pumps for my pool . I went to Amazon and found the very pump I needed right there on line and at a great price . I ordered it immediately and it arrived in less than 4 days . I was able to get back to my pool and enjoy it during this hot , hot summer . The pump works great . Was able to clean my pool with ease .
 Amazing deal for the price . This comes with the pump , all hoses , connectors , clamps , and new plungers with the vacuum adaptors . The pump also has a built in timer , which is so much better than the last one I had .
 Great pump . Much better than 1,000 gal . pump that came with pool . Really like the timer and the sediment flush valve in the filter which original pump did n't have . If you 're looking for an upgrade , I would recommend this pump . Great price on Amazon too .
 Intex Easy Set Above Ground Filter PumpMy mother 's pool has only been used a year and yet she had to purchase a pump already .
 No more green hair , no more holding your breath from the smell of chlorine and no more faded swimming suits . This product uses ordinary rock salt and with a little help from this machine , keeps your pool water clean . I love it !
 This was bought as a replacement for the original filter . The pump impeller of the original filter broke at the start of the fourth year . I could not find all of the pieces to try the epoxy repair method found on the internet . New filter has a timer , which is a nice feature that does n't always work . Price was about half of retail , so overall a good purchase .
 The pump works great . It even came with valves and hoses , which I did n't expect . Not to mention it was the best price I could find anywhere .
 Item exactly as pictured . Very quick shipping . Thank you . Very easy set-up and it is currently working great for our swimming pool . Cleaned it up much quicker than the smaller pump we had .
 ordered this pump cause i dropped the other and it wouldnt work , ordered it tuesday , arrived on thursday -LRB- today -RRB- , love the super fast shipping ... we were able to swim after less than 5 minutes of installing it . these pumps arent designed for years , but it does good for running it a couple hours a day , last one , i had for 3 years ... came with tubing , plunger assembly parts etc. . . AND a filter in it ... pleasant surprise cause i didnt wan na make a trip to the store for one !
 IM SATISFIED WITH THE PERFORMANCE OF THE INTEX PUMP KEEP WORKING DAY AND NIGHT ALSO HAVE THE TIMING OPTION HAVE A GOOD PRESSURE FOR THE POOL SIZE THAT I HAVE IM HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT EASY TO SET-UP AND GOOD PRICE I RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT
 Arrived right on time . We bought this filter to replace a lower gph filter and it makes a HUGE difference ! Pool is super clear and super clean all the time . We have a 5000 gallon above ground pool .
 Good product -- Fair price , Has breaker in the pump power supply that will trip when power goes off at your home or in a rainstorm at times . Reset button on the cord . Arrived quiclky . Seems to be good quality .
 This pump is great !! I used it in a 12 ` x30 '' Easy Set pool and it kept my pool crystal clear this summer . It comes with the hoses . I also bought the hose adapters to adapt my skimmer and return valve and they fit perfectly . Definitely an improvement from the standard pump they give you with the pool . That pump broke within two weeks of use and never really had any suction . If you are looking to upgrade your filter I would recommend you buy this one .
 I bought the same pump 4 years ago and kept it running each summer , all summer , 24 hours a day . This upgraded -LRB- same model -RRB- has a timer on it so I can save electricity . And it keeps the water crystal clear . Good price , good pump .
 I purchased this pump to replace the pump that came with the intex 16 ' pool . It works great !!!! This is the pump that should have come with the pool in the first place . The only complaint is that it works with the `` A '' filter , which clogs up fairly quickly .
 We had to buy a replacement pump because our original pump that came with our pool -LRB- 2yrs old -RRB- went out . I really like this pump and the hook-ups for the hoses that attach to the pool ! You do not have to place a plug in the in & out of the returns all u have do is just on the outside of the pool where the hoses hook up @ is just pull the little plunger thingy and it stops all the flow of water for eaiser changing of the the filter . I especiall love it has a timer . I have only on extra thing to say is that if you have the Easy Pool 16 x 42 yo will have to make the holes bigger on the side of the pool so these attachements for the hoses can fit no need to buy any adapters my kit came with all the parts needed : o -RRB-
 This is our third pump , all the same model . I really think we were leaving them on too long and burned the pump up . So I was excited to see this pump now has a timer . Kit was complete with all the fittings and hoses one might need . Shipping time was great and professional . This will be the last pump I buy one way or the other . So far so good , but the pump is new ... we 'll see .
 I ordered this pump as a replacement to the original pump that came with my Summer Escapes pool , which burned-out just a few weeks after I purchased it . This pump works great for my 1,500 gallon pool , and it is more powerful than the original one . The pump also operates with a timer , which allows me to also set my salt water chlorine pump to operate on a timer
 the product is execellent and works great . It was shipped in a timely manner and I am very please with it .
 I 've had it for about a month now and the pump works great . This is our second one though . * make sure that you check the screen that covers the inlet valve once a month for junk build-up . The instruction booklet does n't say to but that 's how we burnt up our last pump .
 Ordering form amazon was so simple . We recieved it within the time frame as expected . The timer makes it so easy to use just set it and forget it .
 I bought this pump for my in-laws . They seem to be very satisfied with it .
 Excellent service with the know how to get your product to your door fast ! Product is flawless and performs well . Will definitely be a repeat customer !
 I absolutely love this little guy , he is darling and looks fabulous in my yard . The gauge arrived broken , and the vendor immediately sent a replacement . Also , speaking with a &#34; live &#34; person when I called was a great plus !
 This redwood and glass bird feeder was a gift to me 25 years ago . Apparently a squirrel jumped on it and the hanging wire broke , crashing it to the ground . It was broken beyond repair . I was very happy to find the exact duplicate . It is a very good looking feeder , we and all the birds love it . The only problem is it is n't pigeon and squirrel proof .
 Not my first time purchasing this item . I like it alot . . unfortunately so do the parakeets . . The gnaw on the wood . . The feeders -LRB- 2 -RRB- did last 4 years of gnawing.This order I did not receive the pine cons that attach to the bottom . an added attraction ...
 I just had a happy result with this . This field mouse that decided to invade my basement apartment was stealing the extra sharp cheddar from the conventional mouse traps that I set . So then I set up conventional traps , glue traps , poison , and 2 dcon traps . After sitting on the couch drinking for a couple of hours , I hear a pop . I look in my closet and see the dcon trap moving . I was like `` Yes !!! '' So out of all those methods , this one got it first . I used some regular Skippy peanut butter as bait
 Noticed a small mouse in our townhouse so we went to home depot to get some traps . Settled on this one and bought two packs . Put some peanut butter as directed , twisted the mechanism to set , and left for an evening walk . Came back -LRB- we turned off the lights -RRB- and noticed one of the traps were sprung . Picked it up and it was slightly heavier . All the other traps were still in the ready position . I was shocked at how fast and effective this was - caught within an hour . One caveat is it was just one mouse and it was on the small side . Terrific for a mouse or two but a total infestation would probably require something else .
 These work and are clean compared to several other traps I have tried . The trick is how you bait them . You need to push the peanut butter through the holes when you bait the trap . Also , helpful is smearing a little peanut butter around the entrance .
 We live right next to woods so we have lots of little creatures around . Every winter mice find a way into our basement . These traps have caught a bunch . We put a lot more down this winter and try to replace with a new one as soon as we find one full . We found peanut butter works well as bait . So far we 've hardly seen any droppings in the basement . They do n't seem to go into the traps when we first put them down . I 'm thinking they have a human smell on them that they avoid until it fades . HTH .
 It works . These traps caught 2 mice for me . But you need to use peanut butter . I orginally used some artificial mouse bait that claims to be better than peanut butter and cheese , but it did n't work . I literally sat in the kitchen and watch the mice ran over these traps . So I decided to try again using peanut butter , and it worked . One trap caught a mouse within a hour . What I did , in addition to putting peanut butter in the center compartment under the tape , was to put a little bit around the side opening . -LRB- I did that with the artificial mouse bait too , but that did n't work at all . -RRB- Note that these traps do not kill the mouse . For the one trap where a mouse was caught within an hour , I poked around the trap for a while , and could hear the mouse moving around . Also , I left around for a few minutes while I finished doing my chore , and I could hear the mouse making a crying noise inside .
 I have a rather weak stomach and liked the idea of a no-see , no-touch trap . They came in a box of two and I left one where I saw a gap in a corner that led into a wall -LRB- very old house that I 'm renting -RRB- , baited with bread since one had chewed into our bread bag , and within a day had caught a mouse.After discovering evidence of a second I decided to try baiting with peanut butter , but this took some work . It did n't respond to the straight peanut butter so I tried enticing it with some smeared around the entrance . Came back the next day to find the entrance licked clean and no mouse . Upped the ante and smeared a path with my finger straight a few inches in -LRB- the actual trap is around a corner and has to spring the door shut to work , and as my finger prevented this it was safe -RRB- and by the afternoon he had been caught.I have no idea how they 're killed ; as some have said you can twist the traps to reset and see a tail at the side opposite the entrance . Between that and the extra weight you know a mouse has been caught . But something must pin them because in both cases I 've shaken the trap and can hear nothing move.The effectiveness of the trap seems to determine the intelligence of the mouse . If they just decide to chew their way into the bait chamber , or set off the trap without actually getting killed and try to chew their way out ... wow . Just , wow .
 The entry hole seemed a little small but it worked . I baited it with peanut butter and within a day or two the trap had been sprung and the pointer pointed to the `` caught '' sign . The positive about this trap is that you do n't need to see the dead mouse , not even the tail . The negative is that the entry hole seems small so it wo n't catch any big mice . My trap is one of those with just the sticky paper on the bottom .
 I got these from home depot and they work great . I used peanut butter and put the traps where I had seen mice , and I killed so many of them ! Now if I could only keep them from getting inside !
 Newly remodeled home . not too many places for a mouse to hide . Was in the bathroom when i spotted a BIG mouse crawling along baseboards ... ran to kitchen to get a Victor trap ... saw a tiny baby chillin ' in the middle of the floor.my wife helped me trap the baby ... we threw it far , far away outside ... as a possible snack for the snakes by our creek.meanwhile , momma mouse inside was running into our bedroom , bathroom , under couches ... and eating all the cheese off of the Victor traps . she was Krafty . -LRB- sorry -RRB- so i went to wal-mart and these were the only traps that were n't glue or poison . whatever.bought 4 . filled 'em with cheese . set 'em where the other traps had failed.went back to the bathroom to take a late shower ... like I was trying to do before momma mouse interrupted me.just as i was getting into the tub ... i heard a little ` snap ' . not even 15 minutes after i set the traps.checked the ` set ' window ... and it was definitely caught . could hear her trying to get out.icky . sad . but what did i expect?put it in a garbage bag and took it outside . -LRB- after putting some clothes on ... society , neighbors , insects -RRB- so i 'm going to check the others in the morning ... but i have to say ... the trap was very effective.oh , and i used velveeta ... cause my wife buys it . do n't judge us .
 So my wife and I bought 4 of these and immediately set them up in our kitchen which is where a `` friend '' has been frequenting . I put cheese in two and in the other two I put Peanut Butter & Cheese and within several hours , I had one of the traps go off . I went to check and sure enough it said Mouse Caught . But I was n't sure so I tried to estimate the weight with a empty one and the loaded one but still not sure so I decided to go ahead and see if I could catch a peek of the thing inside the trap but I could n't see it thru the hole so I 'm still not sure if it worked but something had to have triggered it because my other two are sitting on flat surfaces and they have n't tripped and the set one was on a flat surface as well and it did trip so if something was caught , it was smashed up inside the trap or very small ... I did notice a wet spot inside the trap which could have been saliva or blood , not sure . I also do n't know how this trap kills the mouse ? Maybe it snaps its neck ?? Anyway , I disposed of the trap cause it ca n't be reused once its tripped . I 'll observe the other traps and hopefully we wo n't have any more `` friends '' visiting us .
 I liked the idea but I am not sure if it works . I could n't tell once it closed if I had anything . It seemed like it was heavy but not really sure .
 Just before Xmas I bought a dozen traps & put them wherever I 'd seen any droppings . As suggested I put peanut butter inside the trap . and waited . NOTHING ! But the droppings continued to appear , often right next to the baited trap ... After 6 weeks of waiting not only was I disappointed , my home was becoming overrun . I was completely grossed out.Once I was out all day with my dog . When I got home , I realized that I 'd forgotten to put away her bowl of kibble before leaving . I was horrified to see it had been completely emptied out by mice . But that got me thinking . I went to each trap & removed the peanut butter -LRB- by then solid & came out very easily -RRB- and in its place I put one piece of kibble per trap . The very next morning I 'd caught 6 mice !! To make it easier to see that a mouse was inside the trap , I used a magic marker to circle the `` SET '' position and drew an arrow pointing to the red mark . I could then see-at-a-glance if the arrow had moved to the `` caught '' position.Someone else commented they were n't sure there was a mouse inside - it will be slightly heavier . Another unexpected advantage of the kibble is it rattles when shaken . But if a mouse is caught , it 's silent when shaken . If there is still doubt a mouse has been caught , I overlooked one trap for a day or two - it SERIOUSLY STANK . I would never reopen a trap - that would defeat the whole `` No View '' concept & probably make me sick to my stomach . I recommend using these , in conjunction with individual traps of poison -LRB- cakes not loose -RRB- by VICTOR 's if you have a bad infestation . Be very careful to put the poison up high if you have pets or small children .
 I started having a mouse problem when my apartment complex started doing some wiring construction . I live on the second floor above the trash room . I guess all the noise scared the mice up to my apartment . It took a few days but the Reckitt & Benckiser d-CON Mouse Trap caught a mouse . But this was only after I bought some steel wool and sealed any and all cracks no matter how small around the baseboards of my apartment . I must have trapped one inside my apartment . I checked the traps and saw the trap door was shut and a nasty grey trail hanging out . These traps are not reusable so i just threw it in the trash . Not bad for the price though . I paid about 4 bucks for 2 traps . I read alot of reviews for mousetraps that work . But the main objective should be keeping them from getting into your home in the first place . STEEL WOOD will do the trick . They ca n't chew through that .
 I 've purchased 2 sets of these so far and currently have the 4th trap set after having already caught 3 mice . I was a bit surprised that so many mice were being caught -LRB- I keep putting the traps in the same drawer -RRB- , so on this most recent trap I checked inside afterward to make sure they were actually working . I `` reset '' the trap to peek inside and sure enough I saw a tail so I presume the rest of the mouse was in the center of the trap . On that note , I was reminded why I liked the idea of a `` no view '' trap , particularly in a kitchen setting , which is where I have my mouse problem .
 I bought 10 of these -LRB- all they had -RRB- at the local drugstore . Set them up with peanut butter in various places where I had detected the little rascals . Look , I 'm so phobic I have to call a friend to remove a normal mouse trap because once I see a dead -LRB- or live -RRB- mouse I jump 20 feet in the air and the holes in the ceiling are expensive to fix . I normally ca n't get within 6 feet of a sprung mousetrap without having a panic attack . I suppose it 's funny , 'cause I 'm a big strong guy and all , but not funny to me . Anyhow , I caught 1 within 24 hours , and while I was still too phobic to actually touch the trap itself , I was able to get close enough to pick it up with a Duro-med 32 aluminum reacher -LRB- also available on Amazon , and a darn useful item -RRB- , toss it in the trash can , tie up the bag and put it out in the shed until trash day , because like someone said , after a day or two they do smell pretty bad . Oh , and when traps do n't work , you have to move them around to different places about every 48 hours - and sometimes it helps if they 're in a dark area because mice are nocturnal , which means they tend to avoid light unless they 're really really hungry . Next thing is to buy some concrete patch and window screen to seal all the possible points of entry around the house , and fix the weather stripping in the door so no light is showing . Once that 's done , a duct cleaning service to eliminate any contaminants in the hvac system . Expensive , but so is poor health , and I have asthma . Hope these tips are helpful to you . Oh , and if you 're not allergic like I am , get yourself a good cat .
 I used peanut butter and it worked overnight . The mouse was just gone and I could n't believe it was that easy . I was not about to take the trap apart , but I had kept another trap and weighed the empty one and the used one and found out my dead little mouse weighed about 25 grams . These are SOOOO easy to set and bait . No more pinched fingers or traps with the bait licked off . Also , no more worry about having to see the squished remains or that the dog might get her nose pinched by a set trap . The entrance hole is only big enough for a mouse . Just wish I could find them cheaper , because where there is one mouse ...
 I purchased 6 of these traps . I baited the traps with peanut butter and set the traps in my basement . Within 24 hrs , 3 traps indicated a mouse was caught . I did not believe they worked that well , so I took the traps apart.Result . 3 dead mice . Great product .
 So ... it appears as though I have some new , uninvited roommates ... fabulous . I LOATHE killing animals . Seeing dead animals makes me physically ill , and disposing of them is something I will go to great lengths to avoid . But I know the mice have got to go , so I bought 6 -LRB- 3-2 packs -RRB- of these D-con No View Traps - the spin kind.I heard activity in the drop ceiling of my basement , so I read the directions and went to work . We 've tried using conventional traps in this location many times , but it is difficult to set traps in a ceiling , they are hard to check , and the mice usually make off with the bait anyway . I marked where I located the spin traps , and the bait I used inside them . I used a dab of peanut butter on a broken piece of cracker in the first 2 ; a tiny cube of cheddar cheese in the next 2 , and a cube of cheddar smeared with peanut butter in the last 2 . My intent was to learn what bait worked the best , and I put the peanut butter on a cracker so I could change it easily if it got old . I located the traps 3-6 feet apart , as directed.The traps were easy to bait and simple to set . I put them in the ceiling carefully , and none tripped prematurely.I wish I could tell you what bail worked best , but I have no idea because ALL SIX traps had mice within 2 days ! I could n't believe it . I think the design makes it difficult for mice to maneuver or escape . I have no idea which bait worked the best . My boyfriend looked inside the traps with a flashlight & confirmed that each one contained a mouse.I 'm going to buy a dozen of these to try it again , and I 'll try to remember to update my review . Thus far , I 'd say I am a big fan ! Yes , they are a bit expensive , but you can find them on sale occasionally and these is NO mess , and most importantly NO VIEW .
 So far so good but I 've only been using it for a month . No issues yet . Seems substantial and beefy and just what I was looking for . Hardware appears to be heavy duty . Purchased this and the same one in 75 foot lenght . The water I use for outdoors is acidic and full of iron so I 'll wait and see how it holds up .
 Great hose ! Takes abuse , coils easily ! What else you need ? Oh yes and MADE IN USA ! Buy it -- no regrets !
 So far this hose has taken a beating and is still in good shape . It has cars driving over it and horses stepping on it on a daily basis . This is a good investment , I would definitelly recommend it .
 I use these hoses in my RV . They are heavy enough to handle a variety of uses . A little heavy to cart around but well worth the money .
 This is the best price I could find for a 3/4 &#34; hose . I just use it for watering around the house . For this purpose it 's great . It 's fat and heavy so it takes a bit to muscle around , but I can use the exercise . I have n't had any kinking issues so far . After a few hours in the sun it lays flat and does n't try to return to it 's rolled up form . This hose is many times better than the 5/8 $ 10 - $ 15 dollar light duty ones you find in stores . You may not be happy if you are using it in situations where it might be subject to cutting or snagging , but for general use around the house and if you want the flow of 3/4 &#34; this is the way to go .
 The ends are heavy duty and high flow , just what I was wanting to maintain good water pressure . The coil spring around one end helps prevent kinking at the faucet . It 's flexible rubber so easy to handle , yet heavy duty . The price was less than other hoses of good quality -LRB- over 500 psi -RRB- , so I thought it would feel cheap , but it seems durable and flexible so I 'm going to buy another one .
 Some areas of the yard need hand watering . This hose has a one inch feed line and will empty the bladder tank and take all the pump can handle . The pump water volume doubles at lower pressure and this gets the job done fast .
 Very good product for the money . No problem with leakage . Hose is quite heavy and bulky -LRB- cause it 's 3/4 '' instead of 5/8 '' -RRB- . Until it warms up , it 's hard to maneuver the hose when watering area to area . Hose construction is well made and should last many , many years . I was just happy it did n't leak . Would recommend its purchase .
 My daughter likes this backpack because it is a good size and has a cool design . I do n't know how long it will last because although the material it is constructed of seems pretty strong , and the zippers seem sturdy , it is n't especially thick and the bottom does n't seem to be any more durable than the rest of it , so I expect it might wear through quicker than I might like . It really has only two compartments , one big and one small , so if you need to separate a lot of different things you probably want a different pack . Also , there is n't an outer pocket for something you want to get at quickly , like a water bottle.However , so far it is holding up great -- it still looks new -- so I am not complaining .
 Beautiful little feeder . I wish it could have been a little larger but it is pretty . The design is in the arts & crafts style . Seems well made & sturdy . The wood grain is attractive . The real pine cone included was a nice detail . I 'm hanging it under my eaves to give a little more protection as it was not painted or sealed . I imagine it will weather to a nice gray color eventually . Reasonably priced too . Very pleased with our purchase .
 Bought this for my son when he was away at college and did n't want to sleep in the dorm bed . Please do n't ask how he installed it in the cement walls in the dorm room . What goes on in Vegas , stays in Vegas !
 Excellent product that truly holds its edge . Will certainly purchase again and recommend to anyone that has to take a tree apart !
 Would never buy a different brand loop or bar . Cuts red oak like butter even on an old saw .
 I was surprised when they showed up in a paper bag , but they turned out amazing ! I had beautiful cut flowers in tons of colors all summer !
 I have a small business with a shed/workshop and I bought this T5 Fixture to both illuminate the workshop and keep the plants I keep at my work station healthy.I was n't sure if I should have warm or cool bulbs , so I contacted the seller and he was more than willing to provide 4 of each -LRB- rather than 8 cool -RRB- for no additional charge or hassle.Shipping was very fast . The bulbs and fixture were packaged safely so EVERYTHING arrived in working order.I am 100 % satisfied with both the quality of the product and the seller.When I need another fixture , I am coming back here .
 I purchased this for a small garden of various fruits and flowers . It works as advertised . The fixture gets warm to the touch , though not hot . It raises the ambient temperature less than incandescent bulbs . Rocker switches allow 0 , 4 , or 8 bulbs to be on and a socket on the end allows you to plug in another fixture or other device . Overall , I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 I use this light for the grow cycle of my tomatos and it works wonders . For t5 lights I only buy sun blaze systems
 The spindle on my Ryobi drill press became slightly bent and wobbly . I found the an exact replacement on Amazon , ordered the spindle and it promptly was delivered . I installed the new spindle and it works fine for now .
 I ordered the Packard parking sign for my husband for Christmas . It arrived very quickly and is an authentic looking parking sign in perfect condition . He was very surprised and it was one of his favorite gifts .
 This is the best line I have used on my weed wacker and the cost is just great and would recommend this to anyone and it works as described and delivery was on time .
 I bought a 3 . lb roll of trimmer line for my `` Poulan Pro '' weedeater -LRB- which calls for a size of .115 and it fits perfect AND it works great , Oh and the .130 is the black 6 sided roll -LRB- cy13os3 -RRB- .
 This trimmer line is better than other trimmer lines I 've used in the past . However , I expected a little more of it 's performance and longevity because of the commercial grade classification . I use it with a Craftsman 32CC trimmer . Sometimes the line lasts for the duration of edging over a total of 100ft and sometimes it does n't . Overall , this is a great product and I would purchase it again .
 In early april I decided on a 20Kw Briggs and Stratton empower with the 200 amp auto transfer switch -LRB- ACCM -RRB- after being promised by several dealers that the 15kw or 16kw units would start my 5 ton air conditioner . Needless to say this was not the case . My 20kw NG unit will start my 5 ton air , two -LRB- 2 -RRB- 220 volt appliances and the rest of my home -LRB- approx 3100 sf -RRB- . I am happy with my decision to date though I have n't had to put it to use yet . Test mode runs as advertised on a weekly basis . No complaints from the neighbors about the noise . Note , I had to upgrade my gas meter to a larger size to accomodate the generator . Something you need to look at when installing a generator this size .
 I live in a rural area in a cold part of the country . Having been without power for over a week in a previous home due a a tornado , I decided that my new home would have a backup generator . This generator is big enough to run a fairly large home as long as you limit your electric usage during a power outage . I used the 200 amp automatic transfer swith and swith the entire house from power line to generator on an outage . A smaller generator will require you to select specific circuits to energize on a failure . This increases the installation costs and it really is hard to determine what to run . I have n't had any long term outages yet , but it has worked perfectly for some short term outages . The unit is reasonably priced , has a base that eliminates the need for a concrete pad , and look good as far as generators go . This unit is heavy . There are holes provided through the base to allow pipes to be used for a four man lift . You better have some strong help if your going to move it this way . The cost of the generator is only the beginning . You will need a transfer switch and installation of the electrical and propane . Budget a few thousand more to the cost of the generator . I rest better now knowing that my pipes are n't going to freeze , and I wo n't have to worry about spoiled food during a power outage .
 I purchased this home standby generator -LRB- HSBG -RRB- just in case we get hit by a hurricane which is not too farfetched on NC 's east coast . Anyone who purchases this HSBG or any other should be certain to get quotes from a licensed electrician and your gas company . I failed to do this and was suprised at the cost ! Electrician ... $ 1000 . 125gal . in ground propane tank + install to HSBG ... $ 1230 . Yearly service contract on HSBG ... $ 400/yr -LRB- electrician works for a company that sells and installs generators -RRB- . So do your homework!The first thing I noticed about the unit was it 's build quality . It definitely looks the part of a piece of heavy duty equipment ! Although , the package came with a 100 amp transfer swith I sold it and purchased the B&S ; 200 amp w/ACCM switch because my house has a 200 amp panel box in the garage . The 100amp would have worked but , the electrician would have had to add a `` piggyback '' box ... more labor cost . Once the unit was installed the electrician `` killed '' the power to the house and in about 10 secs . the B&S ; started without a hitch ! It 's loud outside , more like swirling wind , but inside it 's not bad at all . My home has 2 2 ton units , but the electrician did not wire the B&S ; AC control module because it required a little more labor and really was n't needed . Once it started he told me to turn off the upstairs unit , but for about 5-10 minutes it was running both with no apparent strain . He programmed it to `` exercise '' every Saturday @ 12:45 pm . Like clock-work it fires up everytime and runs for 20 minutes ... no effects to the home 's power.Although , the total cost of the unit , 200 amp switch , install and service contract was about $ 8200 I feel satisfied with the purchase because so far it 's donw what it was advertised to do . But , the real test will come when we there 's a hurricane . That 's when the `` rubber meets the road '' ! To date I have no doubts that it will perform ... NICE UNIT !!!
 If you have a home with natural or propane gas appliances and 100 AMP -LRB- or less -RRB- electrical service , I can highly recommend this Briggs 12K generator/AUTOMATIC transfer switch package.After reading the other review , I almost ruled out this unit . However , further research with standby generator dealers and excellent results from contacting Briggs customer service -LRB- no long telephone directories and someone friendly and knowledgable to talk to almost immediately ! -RRB- convinced me to order from Amazon and save some $ $ $ over the local dealer 's price for the same package.The generator was delivered in less than a week . Amazon authorized the free delivery with truck off-loading -LRB- the generator is shipped on a skid and the freight company used a manual fork lift to get it on the truck 's lift-gate , then off the gate and into my garage -- pending installation by my local Briggs dealer . The freight company contacted me and worked with me in scheduling delivery , then delivered AS SCHEDULED.The local dealer handled installation as scheduled and in only a few hours . These units are test-run at the factory before shipping and it started and ran flawlessly after installation . I observed the installer 's test meter readings for voltage and frequency fluctuations during the automatic transfer operation and under my normal home electrical load . Fluctuations are minimal and I will feel comfortable with running my computer equipment during power outages.The Amazon `` product description '' references cold weather features -LRB- temps below 30 degrees -RRB- . If you are in a northern climate where this will be experienced , an OPTIONAL `` cold-weather kit '' is required . This is available from Amazon or from any Briggs authorized generators dealer -LRB- about -LSB- $ ... -RSB- -RRB- . At time of my purchase , the Amazon `` product description '' stated that a maintenance kit is included . That was not received with the shipment . Amazon was not able to supply the kit , but did issue a credit to my credit account for the cost of the kit plus shipping -LRB- as a direct purchase from Briggs -RRB- . NO HASSLE from Amazon -- a reply to my customer service inquiry and credit to my account was within 48 hours.Installation is NOT FOR DIY-ERS ! Check the cost for having it installed by a local dealer -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- for nearby dealers -RRB- or by a licensed electrical contractor with experience in installing standby generators , preferably similar Briggs units -- before ordering.I am very pleased and satisfied with the Amazon and Briggs customer service/dealer operations and the final results after ordering and installing the 12KW Briggs standby generator .
 Excellent ! Better than what i expected . Easy to read . Will order again when I need a new one!The metal around outside helps you to focus better on the numbers !
 This outdoor thermometer is a great value for the mone . It is very easy to read and of good quality .
 It seems accurate , it is easy to read , it should be weather resistant and it is reasonably priced . Does the job .
 Awesome just what I wanted easy to read , keeps me up to date on my weather just like In wanted and / i dont have to ask someone to read it for me also made very well
 Before I bought this outdoor thermometer , I had a smaller one that was difficult to see . This thermometer seems sturdy enough for outdoors , and it 's easy to see from my kitchen window -- a real plus !
 This a great thermometer , not cheap like the plastic ones , easy to read with a sharp point on the dial tip .
 Out of the carton , the thermometer did not look very solid.I thought `` Ouch '' another shoddy product from China.But it was very easy to mount , and after a couple of days , reported the temperature faithfully.The big dial and clear numbers make it very easy to read .
 I did an embarrassingly large amount of research into various `` Turkey Crossing '' signs before buying this one , and we 've been quite pleased to mount it on our front fence right where the wild turkeys like to dash across the street . Be forewarned this is not a full-size road sign , but about half height -LRB- you really do n't want a full-sized sign for residential use -RRB- . The turkey logo 's crisp , and it had pre-drilled holes top and bottom for nails or screws , and the whole thing has held up well in the weather . Gobbble gobble !!
 I ordered this right before Christmas and did not expect to get it for Christmas . I was surprised to find it here on Christmas Eve . My daughter has 7 + turkeys coming to feed in her yard everyday and she worries they will get hit by traffic . This sign was exactly as advertised and seems very durable.This seller goes over and above to get his product out quickly . Will go there if I have need for another sign or other products from them
 Not as large as county road signs but great for what I wanted . It 's metal so more durable than others I found in plastic , was easy to install and arrived faster than I anticipated . I 'd buy again .
 We have trouble with our power going out every spring and fall here in east kansas , not to mention with the occasional tornado visiting . After the last event we decided to look into small generators , if nothing else to run our sump pumps . Did about a months worth of research and concluded we were looking for something small , relatively easy to install . We wanted self starting when the power failed , winter reliable , and a unit that would periodically exercise itself . You quickly conclude that these little quys are on the leading edge of the generator market with most traditional units coming in at least double the price . Expect to pay for a plumber and an electrician . Installation costs about the same as the unit . Installation took about two days . Enough capacity to run quite a bit of the house . Highly recommend .
 We live in area of Chicago , frequent storms , blizzards and plain old ComEd led to 1-2 power outages per year . This auto generator kicks in generates power kicks out ... auto no worries ... its connected to gas line and the last time it ran for 46 hrs ... saving our butts . Calculate the wattage of your equipment and connect it right number of breakers . Make sure you change filter , oil and spark plugs every year
 I purchased this generator in August of 2008 . I live in an area -LRB- upstate NY -RRB- where we lose power frequently . The item arrived and was delivered to my back yard in perfect working order.We recently had a very bad ice storm in the Northeast and we lost power for 3 days . The generator worked perfectly running my sump pump , hot water heater -LRB- gas , direct vent -RRB- , furnace , fridge -LRB- 2 -RRB- and several lights . I had to run power cords from outside rather than use the NEMA power cord to a manual transfer switch I had installed before the generator was delivered -LRB- more on that later -RRB- . I ran the house for 10-12 hours on the 2 20lb propane tanks before I needed to change them out , which was to me , excellent . The generator is very quiet , we could barely hear it in the house . I have it installed behind my garage facing downwind of the house.Okay , the transfer switch issue . While the manual , Briggs & Stratton web site , Briggs & Stratton FAQ page does not specifically state this , you MUST purchase the B&S ; manual transfer switch PERIOD ! The model number is Briggs & Stratton 71014 - PowerNow Generator Transfer Kit -LRB- 10 Circuits -RRB- . This is the only transfer switch that works with the GFCI breaker installed in the generator . I had 3 electricians -LRB- friends of mine -RRB- look at the gen-tran 30 amp transfer switch wiring that was installed in my house and it is NOT a switching neutral switch.Confused ? I was too until I got on the phone with a very nice B&S ; technician who told me to only use their switch . I was dissapointed as I then needed to shell out another $ 400.00 but now it 's working fine . I did let B&S ; know that they should be specific about the fact that only their switch is compatible with these types of generators . It is because of this fact that I only rated it 4 stars.All in all that one storm alone made this purchase worth every penny . It also kept the house in harmony -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- . I would heartly recommend this generator to anyone who is looking for a well built powerful and quiet standby generator . Just make sure you buy the 71014 - PowerNow Generator Transfer Kit from B
 I bought this for my parents who had three outages in two years . It was installed professionally and has already powered them through another outage . It also powered everything in their house except the air conditioning condensers and the electric stove/oven . That is the good news.The not so good news is that this unit can not be installed with an automatic transfer switch . That is a switch that automatically senses a power outage , turns itself on and then switches over to backup power . This unit uses a manual switch which requires someone to go to the unit , turn it on , and then go to the transfer switch and flip a switch . Not horrible but not the best if you can buy the better unit and automatic switch.My parents are very pleased that they had the unit and someone came over to switch it on for them .
 It purrs like a Bengal tiger . A bit loud but at 100 yards from the house that 's not a problem . I bought the unit to back up my water well . We can live out in the country in south Texas without electricity , but not without water . I am very lucky to have a neighbor who knows all there is to know about electricity . Says he can wire anything . So here 's what we did which will conflict with some other revues
 I bought this generator to run my irrigation system in the back of my farm , so I would not have to run 500 yards of power cable or gas line . The choice of portable bottles or perminate is great . I us my tractor to shuttle the portable tanks back and forth . The generator starts easy and runs great . My irrigation system does not even raise my generator past an idle .
 Very nice unit , runs fairly quietly and really prefer the LP fuel over gasoline . Could use a couple improvements :1 -RRB- Ability to charge battery internally without having to run for 20 minutes so frequently .2 -RRB- Able to check oil , connect without screwdrivers - a pain on a dark cold night3 -RRB- Ability to use other transfer boxes - theirs is more expensive.Haven ' t had to use it yet for the house , but it ran my power tools just fine with the outlets .
 Ok so I live in Westchester , NY and after last years freak snow storm , and losing power yet again , I made the decision to purchase a generator . I did alot of research and since we have no natural gas in the area , and did not want to put an propane tank in the ground , this unit seemed the logical choice . Now I ca n't say much as to the other reviews I have read regarding maintenance , but for this review , I will keep it to my personal experience.We lost power as Tropical Storm Sandy hit and have been using this generator for 7 days now . It has worked flawlessly but I have also used it cautiously . We start it first thing in the morning , and run to mid afternoon . Rest it for a few hours , and then run it again until we go to bed . The house is nice and warm and there is no need to run it at night although you can . It 's a bit loud but not awful.We had it professionally installed and it handles our home -LRB- approx 3,000 sq. ft -RRB- with no issues . All the essentials are hooked up except for the ac compressors and the oven running on 220 . The house is nice and toasty , and I even have -LRB- 3 -RRB- wine Eurocave units hooked to it . This unit handles everything without issue and based on that I highly recommend it . As for fuel consumption , I am averaging 12 hours on -LRB- 2 -RRB- tanks of propane . Now here are a few things you should know .1 -RRB- When I purchased it , I was unaware that it did not come with a battery or hardware to bolt it down . The installation manual has since been changed . I purchased a Werker WKA12-33c gel battery and this thing has been great . $ 85.002 -RRB- You need to purchase the manual transfer switch -LRB- Briggs & Stratton 71014 -RRB- unit to make this a sort of standby generator . As stated in previous reviews , this unit will not start on it 's own as a true standby generator . You have to hook up the cable from the unit to the transfer switch that you had installed . You then need to start the generator . Just a switch on the front panel . A bit inconvenient but better than darkness and cold . The transfer switch should run $ 150 - $ 250 or so .3 -RRB- The battery will not charge itself . You need to either run the unit one a month for 30 minutes or physically charge the battery . Now to do this , you need to remove the top , and then the front of the unit . It 's annoying to do this . Also , if you are using an external charger , the manual clearly states you need to disconnect the negative terminal , as well as pull the fuse or you WILL damage the unit and void any warranty . Also , make sure you charge this on the low 2a setting . Basically a trickle charge .4 -RRB- Check your oil daily . Again , an annoyance to have to remove the top but be smart . After 7 days , my oil level is fine but again , read your manual . It suggests changing your oil after running the first 5 hours , and then every 50 hours after that.This is my experience with the generator to this point . It 's a bit inconvenient , and the propane tanks are heavy when filled but it was the best alternative for us and has been working flawlessly .
 I 've used the tool a few times now , and it seems to be sturdy enough . Should last a number of years without having to be too fussy . The tool is sometimes difficult to push into the ground.I bought it to pull dandelions , and this tool probably wo n't do the job very well . I 've read that if even a small portion of the root of the dandelion is left in the ground , it will grow back . About the only way you can get the whole root of the dandelion with this tool is if the dandelion is fairly young with a short root . Roots more than 5 inches are hard to get , though sometimes I get a root 8 inches . But that is n't often . Best to do after a rain when the ground is soft.Maybe with practice I will learn how to get more of the root , but I do n't really think this is the tool to do a good job on dandelions.I 've been told the only way to handle dandelions is with weed killer .
 Very happy with this gardening tool . It is very easy to work with . And it does a great job . I had to have this tool because my girlfriend had one and raved about it . It really gets the roots out .
 This is now my favorite weeding tool . It is very well made -- heavy duty and sturdy . And the gel handle is great . I have had other weeders such as this one , but this one is the best by far .
 I am totally amazed at this leverage tool . No more tearing out crab grass and leaving the root behind . It pops the weeds out and brings the root with it . I do n't know who invented this amazing tool , but I will be eternally grateful .
 I purchased a Bond weeder tool last week and used it the first time today . I was amazed at how a 9 dollar tool could do such a wonderful job . It takes 5 minutes to master the technique and it will save you a lot of time . It will pull weeds from the root up . Every home owner should get one of these .
 My wife liked this weeding tool so much that she bought two for us and two more as gifts . It 's great for pulling weeds from our lawn .
 Great little tool . It was strange getting used to the rocker motion , but once it was mastered , it was great
 I 've used many hand weeders over the years , but this is the best one by far . It 's strong and does n't bend even on the toughest weeds . Also , since it 's stainless steel , it does n't rust . I 'm ordering 2 more as gifts .
 We love this sprinkler . We had a newly hydroseeded yard and a dry first week and after moving several `` cheap '' circular spraying sprinklers around for the first two days and spraying the lawn manually - the delivery truck arrived and brought this awesome invention ! The settings are really easy to use and although it looks like a lightweight plastic sprinkler , it performs like an irrigation system !! The distance it can cover is phenomenal and just but adjusting the height of the inner ring in various places around the sprinkler , you can adjust the distance of coverage . Perfect for unusual shaped yard or if you only want to target certain areas . WE LOVE IT !!
 I have used all sorts of adjustable sprinklers to water my lawn . None were as efficient as the Pattern Master . This sprinkler evenly waters my triangular-shaped lawn without wasting water on the side of the house , driveway , fence , or garden areas . Not only can you adjust the range it will spray in any given direction , but you can also set it to water a section of lawn or in a full 360 degree pattern.If you have a large irregular shaped yard that will require you to move the sprinkler around , you may instead want to buy two of these sprinklers . Once you have the highly adjustable plastic disc set to perfectly water a particular section , it is a pain to adjust and readjust it for another area.The sprinkler is very light weight and made almost entirely of plastic , however , it has outlasted two similar metal sprinklers I bought at the same time last spring . I would suggest keeping the sprinkler in your garage during winter to improve its longevity .
 I have owned 2 Gilmour 996D for over 2 years . Now that I need to replace them , one because I dropped it and the other because of my neighbors car , I am happy to see that someone still sells it . After traveling around the city looking for one and all of our home and improvement centers not having it I resorted to the net . Thank you Amazon.I did not know what I was going to do without this amazing piece of technology . It is so easy to use and so versatile . No other sprinkler comes close to matching it .
 Great concept that works as advertised . The range is very dependent on water pressure -LRB- you should use 3/4 '' hose for best results -RRB- and not hook it in series with other watering items . The UV rays will damage the red adjustment circle over time -LRB- making it thin and crack ; Gilmour did replace under warranty -RRB- so it 's best to cover it with tape or make a `` hat '' for it . Also if the adjustment levels go immediately from really low to really high it can get caught .
 I bought two of these after struggling to find sprinklers that would cover my yard without wasting water.What I love about these is that you can adjust the pattern to fit your yard almost perfectly . I 've had both of these for just about a year and they have held up great . I store them in the garage when they are not being used , which is what I would recommend so these are n't exposed to the sun all the time . It will just help them last longer.I took the two for my front yard and wrote `` Front Main '' and `` Front Side '' on them with a sharpie , this way I know which one goes where and can keep the settings permanent . Sometimes you have to tweak if you 've got particularly windy conditions , but not a big deal.The only suggestions I have for these is 1 -RRB- some short spikes on the bottom to help them dig into the ground , or make the base heavier -LRB- I 'd gladly pay more if they had some brass hardware on them -RRB- . They have a tendency to move around every now and then . And 2 -RRB- a more vertical adjustment so you could adjust to cover a shorter distance.Other than that , these are great . I 'm going to buy two more for my back yard .
 I read the reviews and a few people had trouble getting it to work . Because most of the people loved it I decided to order it . Well I got one that would n't keep going around . It did great when the ring was pushed all the way to the top but when it went downhill on the ring it just could not go back up the slope . I called Amazon for a return . Boy that was easy , you just go on to the net and print a postage free return label . I received the replacement before they got the one I sent back . It works great . You just have to remember that the instructions still say to push the black ring up or down but it is RED .
 This is the best sprinkler i 've ever purchased . do n't believe the trash talk . i have owned mine for over four years and it works great . i use it for garden , lawn , and flower beds . has a small screen in the connector to catch any large dirt to prevent clogging . i would definitely suggest the purchase .
 This is the best -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- yard sprinkler out there because you can adjust the water spray for any shaped yard . As the sprinkler head rotates the red ring can be adjusted to send the water long or short -LRB- by moving it up or down -RRB- . It 's a very good invention .
 As we have a patio and plantings that create an uneven shape in our backyard , I was looking for a sprinkler that would save me from moving it several times a day or having to use multiple sprinklers . This sprinkler handily did the trick . The adjustments are easy to make and the base is very stable . It 's even easy to make adjustments while in operation without getting wet . A nice fact is that the speed and distance correlate - when set to longer distances , the head rotates more slowly , allowing the lower volume of closer in drops to collect , promoting even watering .
 I think this gives as much control over water as you can expect , my yard is prettysmall it would do well in a larger area 50 ' X 50 '
 Being in the plant business most of my life , I have tried many sprinklers for my personal use at home . This one is definately the best ! I just love the way that it is fully adjustable to any area that needs watering . No other sprinkler has the features that this one has .
 This is a good product for the money . Allows you water odd shape areas and easy to set up .
 This is a gem of a water sprinkler because it can be adjusted to cover any yard no matter what shape . It is rugged and easy to set and made of good quality materials . It can be located centrally and made to cover both long and short distances in a 360 degree sweep by means of an adjustable track . Works like a charm .
 I love the way this sprinkler sets up . I provides excellent water coverage , and after experimenting with it , I found it easy to adjust and set up . The only problem I really find with it , is that it is fairly fragile , and broke when my Basset Hound ran over it . I purchased 2 when I ordered , and would buy the sprinkler again .
 I first used this sprinkler several years ago . I loved it for its versatility , and my heart was broken when it finally , after years of service , cracked at the inlet . The place I bought it was no longer carrying it , and I was forced to go almost an entire season without it . To say I missed it was an understatement . My yard , like many yards , is very irregular , and normal sprinklers just ca n't `` curve '' around shapes.Then the light finally went on , and I did an online search and found it again . So , I bought two . The design has been improved a little , but its functionality is the same . I love this sprinkler .
 I bought this sprinkler to water my 40 ` x20 ' garden . It took a few minutes to calibrate it exactly to the shape of the garden -LRB- for some reason , whether to press down or up on the red ring was opposite of what I felt it should be -RRB- , but now that we took some time to play with it a bit , it works perfectly for us ! We paired the sprinkler with a timer on the hose and now twice a day , our garden gets a 30 minute shower . Given the crazy large size of our plants and the abundant yield of veggies , I think everything is getting pretty evenly watered . When the plants got too large , we did need to put the sprinkler up on a 5 gallon bucket . We hung bricks from each handle of the sprinkler to keep it on the bucket while it watered . The handles have held up well under the weight of the bricks , and the sprinkler continues to water well in this new position . I highly recommend this product , especially given the low price !
 Love this sprinkler - the customizing possiblities are perfect for us . We started over with our backyard -LRB- tore down garage , ripped out trees , built a deck and fence -RRB- . We have three pine trees in a row , so we ca n't plant grass underneath -LRB- needles -RRB- . This left us with a `` C '' shaped yard that needed steady watering since we planted seed for the new yard . On top of that , our outdoor water pressure is only strong enough for one sprinkler at a time - ca n't use a chain of sprinklers . This is the only thing that worked . We are n't watering the deck/house/neighbor 's yard anymore . I love it . It took about 30 minutes to establish the pattern and I do n't move it so the timer just goes off 3/day and the yard is basically maintenance free . The new grass looks great !
 I have recently purchased two Gilmour sprinklers and am quite pleased with them . Directions came on the back of the box and were not very detailed , but through trial and error I learned how to set the pattern and the type of spray . My neighbor was quite impressed with the diameter capabilities of the sprinkler . While setting the sprinkler up , it was shooting water across the street and he asked if I was opening a car wash . Great purchase .
 Easy to set and is wonderful for watering irregular shaped beds . Each plant can be watered without watering the sidewalk or driveway . And I have never drowned myself trying to set it like other sprinklers .
 I have a front yard that is narrow and wide and could n't fine one sprinkler that would work , but the more sprinklers I used the smaller area they would water . I does do the whole area with no problem , I glad I found it .
 I bought this item based on the existing reviews here . So far , it is performing excellently . It is indeed very easy to adjust the circle pattern to fit one 's yard shape . For me , I have a very large yard
 I 've been using this sprinkler for 2 years now , and I still love it . I 'm back at Amazon to buy another sprinkler for a different part of my yard . It takes some experimenting to get it setup for perfect coverage , so you might want to buy a second or third sprinkler for your yard .
 My first sprinkler like this I bought from Walmart , but have n't been able to find it there since . It is priced very well , and is easy to set . My only complaint would probably be that it is made of plastic , so will break if run over by a bike or a stray basketball bounces on it . But although there are pieces that can break off , it still works through a lot of damage . It would be nice to have more adjustment ` pegs ' . I recommend this product , and now that I know where to find it , will only use this sprinkler . It saves me money and time , because for my small yard , instead of placing the sprinkler in 4 different areas , I can get it all at once .
 I bought the second sprinkler at this point and am very happy with it . Gilmour sprinkler has several important features . One of them
 Easily the best lawn sprinkler we 've ever owned ! We 've gone through several different types over the years , but none worked as well and easily as this one . Worth every penny , and it was n't even expensive !
 We buy several of these sprinklers at a time because the neighbors have decided they like them too . They water the lawn and garden in a regular pattern that I set each time . I can manipulate water to go far and then in the next instant be short not hitting the house and then back to longer without hitting the fence . The only problem we have had is putting them away for winter and being unable to find them in the Spring . There is a problem too if you step on them the collar breaks , hence the reason we buy more than one at a time . We highly reccommend this sprinkler .
 Works great - just like the last one I purchased years ago . Good quality and at an affordable price .
 This is by far the best sprinkler I 've ever owned . It 's extremely adaptable to odd-shaped lawns or gardens , and as a bonus , I really get a kick out of ` fine-tuning ' the spray pattern to get within one blade of grass without hitting the driveway . -LRB- OK , I 'm exagerating a bit , but not much . -RRB- My dad gave one to me and it lasted for years until I broke it by dropping it on the sidewalk . I 've had the replacement for years since then and recently gave one as gift to my son-in-law .
 I am reasonably pleased with the product . There are not as many adjustment settings as the ad stated , but for my needs , it does n't matter . So far , the sprinkler has worked as promised . However , the transition from short to long pattern and back is a little rough . There is still some over-watering , but not nearly as much as with a traditional sprinkler . I have not used the sprinkler long enough to determine if it was a good value for the cost .
 We are now the envy of the neighborhood ! Our lawn is evenly watered all over now that we have this sprinkler . We never were very good at setting our watches to drag a sprinkler all over the yard to ensure we got every spot . Now we just set it out in its designated spot , turn the water on and watch our neighbors drag their sprinklers all over the place!It 's extremely simple to use too . With one hand you can either pop up or down sections of the middle ring to adjust the distance of the spray . I now curve around my landscaping , but also make an extra shot out to the mailbox to water the petunias without having to water the entire sidewalk.So simple , yet brilliant ! And I do n't have any fears of this sprinkler breaking or wearing out like I have with other sprinklers .
 I own two of these sprinklers , one for each part of my backyard . Before I bought the first one , I read the online reviews and thought it sounded like an interesting concept . Well , it delivered everything as promised . I have a square backyard and an alley . The square part is too big to water with ordinary sprinklers . Now I put this sprinkler right in the center of the lawn and set the adjustments -LRB- only need to set them once if you do n't change them -RRB- and it waters everything . It shoots all the way to the corners -LRB- about 40ft -RRB- , but then does n't shoot over the fence or hit my patio when it gets to the shorter distances . The one for the alley is adjusted to shoot all the way up the alley -LRB- about 30 feet -RRB- and then it arcs toward my fence and shoots a 4ft . spray . These sprinklers do a great job . One thing to keep in mind
 The pattern master sprinkler is the closest thing to installing a sprinkler system , without all the labor and costs associated with the usual in-ground system . I am about to buy my third Gilmour pattern master . One was involved in a vehicle fatality , and the other two finally gave into South Texas weather conditions . However , the two surviving sprinklers dedicated three - four years each to keeping my yard green . I have a front yard divided into four individual squares by sidewalks . To complicate matters I live in San Antonio , where water restrictions are a year round issue . This sprinkler allows me to water accurately , eliminating accidental watering of sidewalks and the front porch . The back yard is wide and long . This sprinkler allows me to water the entire yard , and adjust the spray so that I do n't water the storage sheds or plants not requiring any water . The only draw back is that with our water pressure , if you place the sprinkler on a flat surface - example driveway or sidewalk - it will travel on you . I just weigh it down with a brick or stone that I have in one of my planting beds .
 I bought two of these sprinklers , one for the front yard , and one for the back yard . These things are great for anyone who does n't have a perfectly round -LRB- rotary sprinklers -RRB- or rectangular -LRB- sweeping sprinklers -RRB- yard . They 're really easy to calibrate and re-calibrate . I found myself tweaking the setup frequently to get just the right coverage -LRB- it varies depending on the wind of the day -RRB- , and I found it very easy to move the sprinkler to different areas of the lawn and set it up to hit them just perfectly.I 'm buying a third one now . Apparently , these sprinklers are n't quite sturdy enough to withstand the wheels of a car . But when my neighbor accidentally ran one over and bought me a non-adjustable Gilmour sprinkler as a replacement , I did n't hesitate to order a new adjustable one myself -LRB- it was a kind gesture , and I guess it was n't obvious from the mangled bits of plastic -RRB- . : - -RRB-
 Had thought this sprinkler was no longer available ; but a net search lead me to a link through Amazon , where the price was fantastic . This sprinkler allows you to `` program '' the watering pattern to maximize water use . It can water short and long distances in one rotation depending on your needs . Sounds tricky , but is easy with clear directions and `` user friendly '' mechanism on the sprinkler . Well worth the money . Delivery time was very quick .
 I have used this sprinkler now for two months . It 's great . It solves the problem of watering a rectangular area with a sprinkler that waters in an arc . It does this by allowing you to adjust the spray distance throught the entire arc . No other pulse sprinkler does this . Takes a bit of playing with to get the pattern right , but once set it distributes the water right where you want it , without overspraying some areas and underwatering others . Very affordable too !
 Set up this little guy this morning . Very impressive . While I do not have an `` odd shaped '' lawn I do have one little area that was always missed by every other sprinkler and this one hit all the spots . Perhaps best is the distance control that allows me to avoid drenching the cedar fence . I see that the picture on this site shows a mostly green and black unit . On the one I received the distance control rings is red . The instructions on box still refer to the `` black ring '' ... thru me off for a moment . One last thing , I set mine up to sit on the patio ... the unit tends to slide around a bit so I did have to weight it down . Very happy with the purchase .
 I have an odd shaped garden on a slope , with wood fence and deck around it . I wanted to water the areas but avoid the wood . I bought 4 of these . I used two sprinklers for the top 2 tiers , and 2 for the bottom 2 tiers . I adjusted the length of spray to avoid the wood . I could only use one set of 2 at a time because of water pressure . It worked . I connected the two hose ends to a water faucet switch so I only have to toggle on the hose I want to use . For each set , one sprinkler is attached to the hose , another is attached from the first sprinkler . I am getting better watering now and much less on any wood . The only data I wanted it did not have was how short I could make the spray go ; the data was for the maximum only . I have a lot of overlap but it is OK . I almost have a good tailor-made watering system for the odd shaped garden ; I had been dragging a hose around every day . Things are much simpler now . I had tried many different type of sprinklers and found the adjustable area one on the Internet - this one . I never saw it in the stores where I was looking . Watering is no longer a pain in the neck . I am no longer losing plants to lack of water .
 this is by far and away the best programable sprinkler on the market . i would rate it a 10 if the rating went that high . it is so precise that within a radius , you can program it to shoot various lenghts at different spots to totally customize watering the things you want to without wasting any water watering the things you do n't . it 's the most efficient sprinkler that i 've ever seen . you wo n't be disappointed
 This sprinkler operates as advertised . Other than an underground sprinkler system , this is the way to go . It puts water in the shapes of the yard .
 I set up a poor man 's sprinkler system with 3 of these and a timer.The Gilmor is great because you can set a pattern and only water the places you need.I have noticed you need to over-aim the area and the very end of the sprinkler is ' t enough to water fully.Hard Water and the heat from the sun are making them a little worn and brittle but overall these are the first sprinklers on my list to buy
 This is a most ingenious sprinkler , the best I have ever tried . It will evenly water the most unusual shapes with ease , and the wind does not affect it like many sprinklers . I have now purchased 2 of them , one for the front and another for the back . Easily worth more than they want for this gem !
 Most versitile sprinkler . You can adjust the range of the arc and the distance of the stream to water the oddest shaped lawns .
 Kudos to the engineers who designed this sprinkler for coming up with a creative solution for all of us who have non-circular yards ! It offers the long-distance spray of an impulse sprinkler combined with the ability to shape the spray to rectangular and even irregular spaces . I 've been using it for several weeks and am very pleased with it.It does n't have quite the range of the old-fashioned stick-in-the-ground impulse sprinklers I 've used . In my yard it can spray a maximum of about 35 feet , or 70 feet in diameter . Presumably the `` XL '' model has a stronger spray if you need more coverage.Others have noted that once you have it adjusted properly , you want to be able to move it out of the way and then put it back exactly where you had it . I agree , and came up with one way of solving the problem . I cut four pieces of 1/2-inch dowel about 8 inches long , and pounded them into the ground at each inside corner of the sprinkler base , leaving them sticking up about an inch above ground . I then spray-painted the ends with bright red paint so I could find them easily . They work perfectly as locating pins so I can place the sprinkler in exactly the same location and orientation every time , and they 're low enough so I can mow right over them . They also keep the sprinkler from rotating during use , which I noticed it did very slightly before I installed the pins.How long will it last ? My guess
 I 've had one of these for three years . It really works as advertised . The sprinkler pattern can be adjusted to keep the water on the grass not on sidewalks and fences . I would give it 5 stars but the hose connection is plastic and prone to stripping .
 The product requires no assembly . I was replacing my older one that I left outside this past winter - not recommended ! The winter took it 's toll - the plastic ring broke.This sprinkler lets me adjust for the different flower beds I have around my house , watering corners by making the corner long and the sides short . It 's the most versatile sprinkler I 've ever used .
 I now have two of these and both are a pleasure to use . Especially when you figure out that you can grab the head and prevent it from soaking you while you adjust the pattern ! My only suggestion for improvement ? An elevated style . Maybe mounted on a tripod or a spike , and then this would be as close to perfect as I can imagine for a plastic sprinkler .
 I 've spent the past 3 months trying to find a sprinkler set up for my oddly shaped yard , went to home depot and lowes , they both gave me crap recommendations that cost me several hundred dollars and weird 10 hose configuration setups that left me watering the lawn from 5am to 10am ! At least they have a good return policy ... heheI did a little research online and of course , Amazon , my one stop shop for real reviews.My only qualm is that there was no instruction manual , granted with a little brain power plus trial and errors I was able to get it set up just right.Really does save you time and money , I have it coupled up with an orbitz -LRB- sp ? -RRB- timer and now I water the yard for 30 minutes total -LRB- pretty big yard , corner lot -RRB- , and my lawn looks great . Fantastic device , also fantastic for being lazy about watering the lawn .
 Just got this product . It works quite well and the adjustments were quite easy to make . The sprinkler does exactlty what it claims it will do , which is perfect for me since I have a strangely shaped front yard space to water.Before I bought this product I read the negative reviews , so I 'll add my comments to those . Some people said the sprinkler would move around and they had to weight it down but I have had no such issues . Others said that when exposed to prolonged bright sun the plastic became brittle and the ring eventually broke . Obviously I have n't had the sprinkler long enough to evaluate that one , and , actually , based on that review I am moving my sprinkler to a shady , covered area after use to try to avoid such an issue . I have n't tried to use it in a series , but I may order another one and see how that works out and add to this review at a later time.Thusfar I am very satisfied with the sprinkler .
 Got to tell you this is the best sprinkler I have ever purchased . My husband bought 2 of these 17 yrs ago . I 'm not kidding . To this day I have one unit left which just died on me . Looked last year and could not find replacements . Well , today I was lucky enough to find them . I have very different areas in my yard to water . These guys work great . I just hope these last as long as my others . Little silicone spray on the plastic and it works like bran new . Thanks Gilmour ! No one else can compare to this sprinkler .
 I now own two of these . They do a great job . I think they do better with short and medium distances , but can get the job done if you need the full distance they offer . I 've read a couple of reviews that say these did n't wear well . I 've been using both of mine several times a week since April and they have held up very well . They seem durable enough for plastic . I have no fear that they will last a long time if I take care of them . These also handle low water pressure better than any others I 've tried .
 I have used this product for 15 years . I need it because my yard is irregular shaped . Works well for 6-7 years using 2 times a week . Then the little red band wears out . I buy another nothing else on the markets works as well for controlling the water pattern . I set it up watch the first couple of rotations adjust it if necessary .
 Just tried for the first time . I really like the way you can set the spray for different areas of the lawn . Just pop up or lower the levels and its easy to adjust . It also has a second adjustment if you have a tight space . It works great . Very happy I purchased this . It also has a cut off valve so you do n't have to shut off the water to move the sprinkler or adjust the spray .
 This sprinkler is really awsome . It takes all the work out of watering because you only have to put it in one spot and set the settings to your area . I put it on my garden and I did n't hae to move it like I use to with all the other sprinklers . I really love this sprinkler !!
 Fun to play with ; the distance ring and thorough watering pattern work well . it is impossible to say how long the Plastic Gilmour Pattern Master will last , but the idea behind the device is interesting and the product does what it claims to do . I have noticed that it takes about 45 psi of water pressure to function properly and too little pressure at the hose end will not enable the head rotation and distance settings .
 It finally broke after years of use -LRB- grandchild may have had something to do with it -RRB- Had to get another , other sprinklers just wo n't cover to the corners and short sides ... . I 've been using this style for years & love it ! Reasonably priced too
 I have a couple of these sprinklers now , and love their design . They hold up to tough yard work , and the flexible spray pattern is so great . You can fit the sprinkler pattern into whatever shape area you need to water ! I love saving water . There is something about that tic-tic-tic sound of a sprinkler int he summer ... Every Gilmour product I 've gotten has been superior . They honor their lifetime warranty too.I tried out the larger version , but I did n't have the water pressure to handle it .
 Very easy to use , does a great job I would buy another one . Only reason I did n't give it a 5 star rating is because of the cheap quick connector . Ended up buying a good brass one , other than that a good buy .
 Gilmore sprinkler gives you a lot of control of how far the water shoots and the shape of the circle . I have been using it now for two weeks , and I am very pleased with its performance . This is my first sprinkler of this type so I got a bit soaked figuring out how to set it up exactly as I wanted , so I am adding detailed instructions and photos of the controls.My goal was to set up a 220 degree semi-circle , leaving a small wedge where I can exit the basement and approach the sprinkler without getting soaked . The distance of how the sprinkler head rotates to the left or the right is control by two red levers around the head . The lever on the RIGHT hand side control how far the head rotates to the LEFT , and the lever on the LEFT hand side controls how far the head rotates to the RIGHT . -LRB- see photo -RRB- The distance of how far the spray shoots is controlled by a red ring which pushes on the back of the head . The higher the ring is lifted the shorter is the spray , when the ring is at its lowest the water shoots the furthers away . How high the ring is lifted is controlled by the pegs that you can reach beneath the sprinkler -LRB- see photo of the sprinkler upside down -RRB- . When you push on the pegs from below they raise the ring . When you push on the ring from above , you lower the ring . You can control each individual peg , so you have a lot of control and can create a pretty intricate shape for your watering needs.If you need to the sprinkler to make 360 circle , you need to pull the medal clip towards you.I have been watering the newly planted lawn twice a day . The sprinkler is working very well . I am pleased with precision of the watering I was able to achieve avoiding various areas that should not get wet yet getting water to everything I wanted to water .
 I would not have a problem purchasing this product again . I installed it over a month ago and we have used it a lot . Quick delivery and works great . Should have ordered it months ago .
 Greetings all , this is a heavy duty inner tube used on an old wheelbarrow . The tire was a self = seal with a crack from the harsh winter . Used ths inner tube . Worked great . This a very thick rubber product , not like a bicycle tube . Pumped right up . Highly recommended . Also , shipped very fast .
 There is nothing exciting about using a wheelbarrow and even less exciting if the tire is flat every time you try to use it . So if you are having this problem you need one of these .
 After spending several hours looking for a tube at the local store and finding one only to discover it was defective . I will do much more shopping on line .
 I was hoping for a 40lb Gold Brick , but got inner tube just as described on purchase page . Holds air nicely .
 I received my tube very fast and it is working great for me and I would buy them if I need any more .
 This is a nice thick rubber tube . I replaced a tire on my farm cart ; for reasons not clear the new tire never fit the rim perfectly . I assume there 's a slight difference in sizing between the Chinese wheelbarrow tires it came with and boat trailer tires . Anyway the tire always leaked down between uses , and seating it on the rim again was a pain . Stop-leak goop was a fail . Putting a tube in it fixed it permanently.A few things if you 're too young to remember tube type tires
 Very thick walls , perfect replacement tube . I should of bought this first instead of a patch kit ! It 's a good buy !
 We use wheelbarrows a lot for gardens and keeping tires inflated was a chore . It does n't take much to bump a bead or valve and loose air pressure and then have to drag out the compressor . My new two wheel heavy duty had a flat today so I 'm adding two tubes that I just ordered . I also had a derelict barrow that I could n't get the tire to inflate because it had been flat for probably years and now it 's back in service with one of these tubes . I ca n't believe new barrows do n't come with tubes considering how easily the tires will deflate . We 're in a desert area with really hot summer days and cold nights and it seems tubeless wheelbarrows do n't like the changes in weather ... plus we tend to put more weight than they 're rated for to make fewer trips . This is a solid piece of rubber and is much thicker than I expected so I do n't think you can go wrong ... though it can be a pain to pry off one side of a tire to stuff in this tube ... you likely wo n't regret doing so afterwards.Correction ... I had 2 of these purchased a few months ago for about 9 bucks and needed 2 more for my 2-wheeler . I placed 2 in my cart on 11/2/2012 with a price of about eight twenty each , wrote & posted the above review -LRB- which took about 10 minutes -RRB- and then went back to the cart to complete my purchase and the price had jumped to ten eighty-one each . I 'm pretty cheap and this is n't the first time Amazon has done this to me but it does n't change the review of the tubes ... just my decision to buy them so I now have only 2 . I 'm pretty cheap so I checked some others and found the Truper 33194 at a better price . Amazon had it for a little over 7 bucks but in checking other sellers Ace had it for about three sixty and the price for 3 , with shipping , was less than two from Amazon so I made the purchase . who knows what the difference in tubes could be but you have to wonder how many companies are out there making inner tubes for wheelbarrows so my thinking is they 're probably all coming from the same Chinese factory so I 'm going with the lowest price . Time will tell but I 'm looking at this as Amazon drove me from a purchase with them to one from Ace based solely on their jacking of the price while the item was in my cart . If price means nothing to you then by all means buy this tube .
 Finally an end to my wheelbarrow woe - putting air in the tire almost every time I went to use it . No easy task though to get the tube onto the rim . I did manage to get that part done but had to have a local tire shop finish the job of seating the tire back onto the rim . Bottom line - no more leaky tubeless tire .
 What I liked best about woodstock chimes is their website allows you to actually listen to them prior to purchase . I bought this particular chime for my mother for her new house and it sounds just like the sample online . I am soo happy to have that feature because I was going to pick a different model and upon listening to it I changed my mind . The workmanship is quite good and it sounds beautiful !
 These have made it through Hurricane Sandy winter storms and NJ weather and still sound awesome , the wood is a little fadded but hey its outside .
 Nice quality , beautiful sound . I listened to all the options on the woodstock site first and picked the one that made me smile .
 Just as advertised , product arrived on time and as described . These chimes are just wonderful , discreet enough but with a lovely filling sound .
 I bought and installed this bat house last month -LRB- August 2010 -RRB- . I chose it because I planned to mount it on a post and not the side of a house -LRB- so I wanted something long and narrow , rather than wide and flat , like some of the others for sale -RRB- . I have separately uploaded a photo of the installed bat house for those who want a sense of scale . No bats have moved in yet , but it 's only been a month . Hopefully by next summer it will have attracted some guests . I am no expert , but I gave this product four stars because it seemed well constructed and was easy to install . The brass moon on the front was also a nice touch .
 This is a very solidly constructed bat house , and it 's made of reclaimed redwood , which should be durable when exposed to the elements year after year . The brass insert moon 's utterly decorative , but it makes the house even more esthetically pleasing . The three chambers in the house are smoothly constructed , and the grips on the entry ramp appear to be practical.In my case , I tore down an aging , rotting birdhouse -LRB- that was at least 25 years old & far predated my ownership of the house and surrounding land -RRB- , and replaced it with this new bat house . It went up easily , although I needed to drill a small hole in the entry ramp in order to place another nail in the tree for greater stability . There 's only a single hole in the back for one nail , and I did n't feel confident with that support alone , especially as we sometimes have violent storms in my area . The bat house looks very decorative on the tree yet blends in , and two neighbors have already commented on how nice it looked.I still have no idea whether an actual bat colony will set up home in this box , but they could n't ask for nicer digs . I 'll keep an eye out and report back here if any move in . -LSB- Interject superfluous Batman/vampire joke here . -RSB-
 I may not have read it close enough but I had thought I ruled out ones I would have to finish before use . Otherwise , it feels very sturdy and I see no reason for it not to attracts bats . I have not put it up as the finishing delay tipped me into winter . I will repaort back if bats occupy this house .
 LOVE this Butterfly House ... It was easy to install ! We added several branches inside and secured the sides and post with severa extra screws . Installed a piece of pipe in the garden to allow the post to slip into for easy removal in the spring when we turn the soil . LOVE the look ... We hope to encourage Butterflies to stay and multiply !
 Quick delivery . Gift for another , but looks very good . Durable and pretty look . Will enjoy seeing the results this spring and summer .
 This is a game changer for anyone who is interested in taking a tree from standing to board . If you havent gone online and looked at videos of al the stuff you can do with this , you should , then come back and get one . They are an amazing tool and literally a `` game changer '' if you are at all interested in building with timbers .
 Hi Folks , My halogen plant light arrived in a timely fashion and it was exactly what I wanted ... at a reasonable price too.So thanks.Jim
 Craftsman ship is beautiful and sleek . Sound is superb , almost enchanting . You could meditate to them . If you are on the fence for any reason do n't fret , you wo n't regret
 The chimes do sound nice . However , the part that catches the wind is a bit heavier -LRB- and smaller -RRB- than others I 've seen and needs a decent breeze to get it to move and hit the chimes . Another older wind chime that we have -LRB- a little bit smaller in length than this one -RRB- uses a 3x4 '' hammered copper sheet as the ` catcher ' , which works fairly well .
 Bought this chime for my wife two Christmas ' ago . It 's been outside the whole time in all weather conditions . Only in the last month have I noticed a small crack in the wood , but otherwise , it still sounds great . I do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
 This item was shipped in great condition . It was bought from Amazon over 1 yr ago and the product is not showing any signs of aging . It seems to be well constructed and has withstood many thunderstorms . The Canon tuning of these chimes are very soothing and pleasant . I had the opportunity to hear some of the other tuning from the same company and have to say that they all sound great . I chose the Canon because of personal preference , but all are very clear in tone . One thing that I would recommend is to visit the company website for this product prior to purchasing because they have recordings of all of their chimes , so that you can preview them .
 As a fan of Pachelbel 's Canon , I did n't figure I could go wrong with this windchime . It hangs on my lanai , catching the wind from a couple directions . It plays just enough -- it 's not incessant , and it does n't take a hurricane either . The mid to lower tones resonate very nicely and are very well balanced with the higher tones -- they 're not tinny at all -LRB- there is another set of smaller chimes within the larger ones -RRB- . No , this does not actually chime the theme of Pachelbel 's canon unless you had some amazing feat of chance -- the chimes are just in the same key . It 's also pretty durable . We can have some strong winds in Florida , and despite being blown about it has n't been damaged in any way , and has n't even become tangled or unbalanced . It 's very relaxing and pleasant , while containing much depth -- just what I was looking for .
 They were a gift for my mom for Mother 's Day . She loved them ! The price was much better than on the Woodstock chimes website . You can go to their website to hear the sounds they make , very cool .
 I have always loved windchimes , but always look for ones with a rich and resonant sound . I was hesitant to purchase on line without hearing them myself , but based on the reviews I saw , I took a chance and ordered the Pachelbel Canon Chime . I could n't be more pleased ! Its hanging in my entry way and even if the wind does n't set them off , I can walk by and `` ring '' them every time I go in and out . The sound is beautiful . Highly recommend !
 WOW ... great great greatwe love , wo n't miss it , sounds wonderfulBut ... no wind , no sound ... we got it and there was n't a breeze stirring since ... sigh
 My daughter wanted these chimes for her birthday because this was her wedding march when she married several years ago . She loves the chimes and everytime they sound it brings back wonderful memories . Beautifully constructed , too . Thank you !
 This was a long-overdue replacement for my other chimes that did n't hold up due to weathering . They sound great and look good . My MIL wants a set now so we are ordering one for her birthday . Makes a really nice , unique gift .
 I could not be more pleased with this item . Not only did it ship right on time , it sounds absolutely beautiful ! We looked up a video on YouTube to get an idea of what it would sound like , but the video seriously did not do it justice . The reverb and the overtones are truly indicative of the quality of the craftsmanship here . I have already recommended it to a friend as a present for her mum . Great item ! + + + +
 I love the Pachelbel Canon which prompted me to purchase this wind chime . Centered inside the main chime is a smaller more delicate chime that offers a layered effect . If you stand close to the chimes when they play you can feel the tones resonance through you . The tones that comes from it are beautiful , -LRB- I do n't hear the Canon -RRB- but the wind would have to play the notes in the proper order . Perhaps a bit much to ask of mother nature . Good quality and the price is the best I have found .
 A well crafted lovely sounding chime ... not tinny and sparse but rich resounding tones ! Does best in a moderately breezy area . It doesnt actually remind me of Pachalbel ... but who cares it sounds great !
 I bought these chimes because this is my favorite piece of music . I would not let my children stop piano lessons until they played it in a recital ! Also , most of the reviews were very positive.There were a couple of reviewers who thought they were too loud , I do not find that to be the case . I could not decide if I wanted them on the front porch or back . All of the homes in my neighborhood are built with front porches , so I place them there.I like to go out when a storm is coming in and listen to the chimes , they are really lovely . I have received positive comments from my neighbors and would like to get another set for the backyard , perhaps a larger set that produces more sound . Overall , I am happy with my purchase .
 These chimes are very easy on the ear -- I gave them as a gift to a person who still comments about their lovely sound -- they are not clangy and loud , but soft and mellow .
 I 've been putting off this purchase far too long and finally ordered the Woodstock Chimes.They are exactly what I 've been wanting - simple silver with black and the sound is Sooooo rich and wonderful . The melody fills me with joy every day as I hear them outside my kitchen window with even a light breeze . Just do n't hang them in a too protected area -- that 's what I did initially and they did n't make a sound even during a furious wind storm ! As someone else said , it like hearing music on a surround sound system . And such a deal , to boot ! I would not hesitate to give as a gift . Amazon.com is the place to shop , for sure .
 What a beautiful sound this chime has brought to our porch ! Even a visitor commented upon the lovely blend of notes and magical tune we have from it . I am quite pleased with the quality and price and recommend it highly .
 These wind chimes are the best you can buy ! I love having them just outside my screen porch during the summer , but during winter I take them to my classroom to use as a signal for students to stop , look , and listen for a transition . It is great to listen to the different chimes before purchasing . This one is my favorite so far , but I plan to purchase more .
 i loves these woodstock chimes . they are of a wonderful workmanship and beautiful soothing melody of tones . i ended up buying more for special gifts for my family .
 I bought as a gift for my best friend . It arrives in a nice box ... the sound is crystal sharp and I really like how it has inner tubes for additional noise .
 The chime I ordered was a gift . It arrived earlier than expected which was a bonus . It was packed pretty tight so I did not get a chance to preview before giving as a gift . From what I saw it was quality product . I would order this brand again .
 I had another Woodstock chime that stood up to the elements for years . This chime is quality-crafted with beautiful tones .
 After several cheaper wind chime purchases , decided to step up to a highly recommended Woodstock . Glad I did ! You can really tell the difference just looking at it . Its constructed very well . We hung it on the corner of our back porch roof . It is pretty unobstructed , so we get chimes with a slight breeze . Very peaceful to sit back and listen .
 this wind chime is great . sounds very nice and is made well , but it 's pretty large and it is probably suited better for a backyard than a balcony .
 The chimes have a nice resonance that makes them ring for a long time so when it 's going it sounds beautiful . It sounds a lot nicer than our other wind chime and we loved that one . You will love this one .
 Very nice quality and beautiful sound - the chimes are a nice size to hang from the eaves of the house , overlooking the back patio . I am very pleased .
 Ordered these for my mom for Mother 's Day , they are very nice , a good quality , and a very nice chime sound . Mine are the chrome color , but are available in bronze but that costs more . I would highly recommend , and will most likely order a set for my self .
 I always love the sound of windchimes outdoors , and when my old ones came apart last year , I replaced them with these Woodstock Pachelbel chimes . They have the most beautiful sounds of any windchimes I have ever heard . The tones are rich , not at all tinny , and with the smaller inset of chimes , they produce an unusually wide variety of tones . These chimes are loud enough that I 'll be able to enjoy them from anywhere in my one acre yard . I 'll definitely be spending more time outdoors so that I can enjoy their beautiful sounds . The structure appears sturdy enough to last for years to come , too.Thank you , Amazon , for including an audio clip ; this helped me select the chimes that were the most beautiful to my ear .
 I received these as a gift . The music they play is beautiful , very nice lookng , but it takes a Category 5 hurricane force wind to get them to make music ! We had 30 mph gusts and they were n't jingling like I thought they would . My other wind chime was jangling it 's head off but it was in the front on the north side . I am thinking it is where we have them , 10 feet from the house on the south side . But I would think they would n't need so much wind to work . But still very pretty when they do .
 came very fast . nice sized , very beauriful . there was no breeze the first week or so , but now have heard it many times . will be great come summer when i have the windows open .
 All I have to say is that it is the most beutiful look and sound
 These sound beautiful , however , you just about need a hurricane for them to chime ... : -RRB-
 This was a gift . Because it matches one given to me , I have high hopes that it will be as wonderful as mine .
 I bought these chimes simply because I liked the way they sounded on the website . I agree with other reviewers who say they do n't hear the Canon in the chimes -- and if I did , I would n't have bought them -LRB- personally , I do n't care to listen to a wedding march every time the wind blows -RRB- . I do n't find them too loud at all -- during the day they must compete with the hum of the pool pump and a couple of fountains , plus residential traffic noise and the other sounds of suburbia . At night when everything else is quieter , that 's when I really enjoy the pure sound . I 'm very happy with my choice .
 It 's difficult to see in the picture , and was a surprise when they arrived , but there is a smaller , black , second set of chimes inside the circle of the bigger silver chimes . They really sound lovely , and are a great price .
 This Chime is a bargain , I almost bought it elsewhere for $ 20.00 more , but Amazon is the place to look for any thing ! This has a lovely melody , I have other chimes and this has the nicest sound of all . I love it ! You will too .
 I gave this chime as a gift . I own 2 other Woodstock chimes and am a big fan of the brand . I was surprised to learn that this chime actually has two sets of chimes
 This is very nicely made and the sound from it is magical . It is about 18 inches long , so a little smaller than I expected . But just like the modern small surround sound speakers , IT IS LOUD with a moderate breeze . I really do n't know how anyone could not think this item is anything but wonderful !
 This is one of my favorites made by the WOodstock company , and it 's mostly because of the sound . Those long silver tubes give a substantial sound in the middle of the registry
 This item is for a wedding gift ... But I have one as well ... and I love it . The sounds are so peaceful and I love to sit on the patio and just mellow out ...
 a nice sound . very comforting . do n't know that it sound like pachebel but it does not sound clangy like some others.it is nice to hear , you can tell what the breeze outside it like and it never sounds harsh .
 Ca n't say enough about how much I -LRB- and my husband -RRB- enjoy this windchime . I purchasd it last week at my favorite local Hallmark store . Since I had a $ 10 Extra Rewards Cash-Off coupon from Hallmark , that brought the price down from $ 40 to $ 30 -LRB- I should own stock in this company since I am in and out of their store so often -RRB- . I had been wanting a windchime that really sounded like something beautiful rather than the tinny -LRB- almost nonexistent -RRB- sound I got from less expensive ones . This filled the bill and then some . We have it hanging on our back deck , which is covered with an awning at this time of year.I like it so much that I am ordering another one today as a gift for a neighbor 's surprise birthday party . She has a beautiful flower garden and pond in her yard , lives a couple doors away , so I 'm anxious to see if we can strike up some melodious sounds betwen us since both windchimes will be in our backyards -LRB- I hope -RRB- and not too far from one another . I 'm ordering this one from Amazon , which is offering the best price I 've found -LRB- other than my local purchase with coupon -RRB- , with free shipping besides.I ca n't believe that anyone would not enjoy the sounds emanating from this glorious windchime . Do n't know if its Pachelbel or Canon D , just know I love it !! Woodstock Pachelbel Canon Chime
 Woodstock chimes are the best and these are no exception . I highly recommend these to anyone interested in wonderful sounding wind chimes .
 Similar to what someone else previously wrote in another review , the chimes need quite a bit of wind to actually sound . Just like that other reviewer , I also attached two CDs to the pendulum in order to solve this problem -LRB- Thanks to the reviewer making this suggestion -RRB- . Once that was done , the chimes now work very well , and the sound is great .
 I love these windchimes . The sound is so soothing and rich at the same time . I put them away for winter , and ca n't wait to put them out again this spring . I 've missed the music during the winter , but wanted to keep them protected from the winter elements .
 These chimes seem to be well made and have a nice tone to them . When summer comes we may move them to hang right outside our bedroom window so we can hear them at night when there is a breeze .
 great quality and sound but a bit too loud for my taste , had to return it for one that is not as loud .
 Love These !!!! It is so nice to come home and hear these beautiful chimes in my front yard . You can not tell by looking at the picture , but there is actually another chime set in the center . If you like chimes , this one is for YOU !!!!
 I can not hear the Pachelbel sounds specifically , but the sounds it produces are positively magical . Wonderful gift at a wonderful price .
 I ordered the Amazing Grace and The Pacobell 's Canon bells and am impressed with sound quality . They are beautiful chimes .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my dad , but it 's winter so he has n't put it up yet . We do n't yet know if it will attract bats and if the bats will control the mosquitos -- that 's what we 're hoping for.What I can say is that I received the product quickly and it was very well-packed for shipping . The seller did a great job . I will also say that the brass detail is very beautiful .
 I have one of these lodges ... never really thought much about the mason bee until i saw the Bee house . The pollinate EVERYTHING in my yard !!! so gald I bought it ! Dont put it near the house when you hang it though ... cause they can get quite active and loud -LRB- for bees -RRB- ... I put mine on a large pine tree in the middle of the yard where I would n't disturb them and they would n't disturb me . What a wonderful addition to my urban space !
 How does one prevent the wasps -LRB- aka yellojackets -RRB- from bullying the masons right out of the Schrodt ML Lodge with 55 holes in it ?? Is there a wasp trap that wo n't trap bees?To prevent woodpeckers from eating sleeping bees , put black plastic over the openings up to March . Feed yer woodpeckers , and they wo n't scavenge for grub until spring ... use a little common sense here.Thanks to the rest of you for your own valuable experience ... location , location , location
 After a mistake in my order , the company made a correction that I was satisfied with . The product itself is very good and meets expectations .
 Very well made , worth the money ! If only I had some Mason Bees ! Bought the house then every one ran out of cocoons ! Oh well , will put in my order at the end of the year !
 This is the largest type of the 3 common loppers they make . It is extremely well made like all Felco products . I have owned this pair of Felco 's since about 1996 . They are so durable and well made that I have yet to sharpen them . They have not even needed to be tightened . I can easily cut about a 2 '' branch with ease . The cut is so clean it is like a giant version of their # 2 hand pruners . Also , they are the lightest loppers you will ever hold for their length . I own several types of loppers that I would let others borrow , but not these . These are the `` Best of the best '' . Next time you are at a real garden center ? Look for a pair of Felco # 22 's and pick them up and open them up ? you will understand ...
 The whole reason for the interest in the fenugreek was for ingredients for cooking curry . However it is an amazing plant . Besides being a great addition to pickling spices and as a salad , the leaves are used to reduce diabetes . The seeds will help mothers produce milk . And if you do n't go for herbal remedies , it does make your sweat smell like maple syrup . Hey , better than onions and garlic BO . For more info , I would suggest hitting up Wikipedia.These seeds were great . Seems like all of them sprouted -LRB- I planted alot -RRB- and they sprouted fast.For other interested gardeners , I would suggest looking into stevia , a naturally sweet plant 300 times more than sugar , with no rat poisons -LRB- aspartame -RRB- or funkified taste -LRB- sucralose -RRB- . Great plant , but buy cuttings and avoid buying seeds . Seeds usually do n't produce viable plants.Happy Gardening !
 GREAT TOOL well made in america easily used to trim inside fruit trees , light yet strong.You get what you pay for I 've gone through many of the imported loppers and to resharpen them is futile , the steel is so inferior . This Felco tool holds it 's edge through may jobs , just remember to oil it to prevent rust .
 These are easy to use , strong and long lasting . They are the best I have used . I got tired of low quality products so I now use these and also the single hand shears Felco makes also . Russell
 I was remodeling my son 's room and ordered this sign to go with the decor . He helped pick the wording as there were many to choose from . I wish it were made of metal instead of resin , but I 'm sure that it wo n't be touched after it is hung up .
 I could n't disagree more with the previous reviewer . I know the person stated that the pruner may work for other people , but this more than works for me . It saved major nerve injury in my hand because of its ergonomics . I have a medium size female hand and hand size could be a factor on how well this pruner works for someone , I honestly do n't know . I love the thick rotating hand grip area of the handle . That 's the part that kept me from getting nerve damage which I was getting from static handled pruners . It has a sharply honed blade , and the spring mechanism grip is extremely easy to squeeze . That combination also makes it really easy on my hand when I have hours of hand pruning to do during the day . I have no problem using my -LRB- bought separately -RRB- belted holster with the pruner and I just hang up the whole holster in my garage when the day is done . I also love the fact that even with this pruner you can buy replacement parts -LRB- not just blades -RRB- for all parts of the pruner . The only reason why I 'm buying another one is that I misplaced my first pruner which was still going strong after 12 years of service .
 I bought the right handed version of this pruner for my father ... 40 years ago!I 've replaced the replaceable blade recently and the pruner is still working well.If you 're a `` leftie '' definitely consider getting one ... buy a replacement blade for the pruner now , sock it away and you 'll be good for YEARS of pruning.Don ' t ruin the pruner by frequent / unnecessary sharpening.Clean & oil the pruner after every use and it will last a very LONG time.Comment on the one negative review ... the swivel action takes a bit of getting used to and at first may seem a bit floppy & insecure.If you do a lot of hand pruning , the swivel action will save your muscles & skin .
 I HAVE BEEN USING THIS TORCH FOR ABOUT TWO MONTHS AND AM SUPRISED AT HOW LONG A SMALL BOTTLE OF PROPANE WILL LAST . NO NEED TO LUG AROUND ONE OF THOSE 20 lbs . CYLINDERS . THE SMALL BOTTLE LASTED FOR ABOUT 3 1/2 HOURS . THIS TORCH WORKS AS WELL AS ANYONE I 'VE SEEN .
 This is a handy item all around at a great price !! This is a great company to deal with , GOTe !! No problems here !
 Great product , very fast service . ordered it late for christmas . . expected it to get here around January 4th , got it on Christmas Eve . Was so happy !
 PROs : - This tool is very handy ; - Sharpens scissors , knives in a few minutes.-The outcome is impressive.CONs : - A little pricy .
 This tool works great and is easy to use . It has already paid for itself . The haedware store wanted $ 4 ea . to sharpen my clippers and I have four pairs . I would highly recommend it !
 I do a lot of woods walking , cutting and maintaining trails far from home . I carry small hand clippers and long pruners and they get dull quickly . It 's great to have this tiny tool in my pocket to quickly bring back a sharp edge ! It works great , just a few swipes and I 'm back on the trail . Great tool !
 I was surprised how easy it is to sharpen garden pruners with this little tool - it took only 4 or 5 swipes along the angled edge , and one on the straight edge and they are back to sharp as new . It is small enough to fit comfortably in your hand . Great find and super value .
 I was really surprised at how quickly and sharp it got my pocket knives . Looking forward to trying it on garden tools .
 This sharpener really works well . It shaves off a minute amount from the blade edge and leaves a really nice edge on my pruning clipper . I noticed a big difference right away .
 This little rascal is really OK for sharpening small garden clippers and even putting a better edge on dull box cutter blades . Frankly , I did n't think it would work that well but the performance , so far , has been acceptable . The unit is about the size of a plastic knife . It 's likely you 'll lose the black tip protector but that wo n't be a crisis in terms of the `` operation '' of this little steel sharpener . If you are going to buy it , try to combo your purchase with another item from the same vendor to spread the shipping/handling costs , othewise the price-point becomes a little high .
 Great sharpener for any task . I have already used it on my hatchet , knives , machete , and lots of other blades . Great product .
 I am responsible for tree and shrub maintenance for my HOA . This keeps my pruners and loppers in tip top shape!Thanks for the deal !
 Great tool . I carry it around the garden and sharpen my tools as I use them . Supper invention .
 This is a small sharpening tool that you can carry in your pocket or leave in the top shelf of your tool box . It is constructed of a piece of square Carbide 1/8 '' x 1/8 '' x 3/4 '' long , sweated onto a piece of flat steel 1/16 '' x 1/2 '' x 4 7/8 '' long and dipped in a plastic protective covering , with a plastic end cap to slip onto the tool to cover and protect the Carbide . The opposite end is drilled for a keychain.Carbide is much harder than any steel used for cutting , so the small length of Carbide on the tool can be pulled down a cutter blade to peel off a small sliver of the cutter blade to sharpen it . Pull the tool down the edge as many times as you need to in order to present a new cutting surface on the blade . Peel away a few small slivers on the opposite side of the cutting edge to finish.I 'm a 70 year old fellow who have had his hands on many different sharpening instruments in his lifetime , but this tool is just about the sweetest little device I have ever used . Simple and bulletproof , you 'll keep it for a lifetime . It 's very inexpensive , so give one as a gift to your friends and family .
 Not a sharpener for high end knives , but perfect for most everything else . Ordinary kitchen knives , scissors , garden tools . I had so many dull tools it was appalling , not anymore !
 I purchased this sharpening tool at the same time as Corona Loppers that I just love . The tool has done a great job keeping all of my yard tools sharpened .
 I 've just sharpened a pair of scissors , two pair of pruning shears , and a manual hedge trimmer . Each of these tools are now all as sharp as when they were new ! I 'm impressed and hoping this sharpener last a long while .
 I have owned this tool for 5 years and found it to be very durable -LRB- unlike the report from another reviewer who claims he wore it out after one season -RRB- . I have used it to restore clippers , loppers , bypass pruners and other tools to pristine condition by using this sharpener . It takes me less than a minute to sharper most tools . If you want to look at the directions for this sharpening tool before you buy it , just google CORONA SHARPENING TOOL INSTRUCTIONS .
 Bought this tool as a $ 8.00 gamble add on for another order . I had 4 clippers that I was going to discard because they did not cut any more.This $ 8.00 investment saved me from buying new clippers , or spending $ 80.00 + for new replacements.It worked ! Easy to use , fast , and saved money . I recommend this simple tool to anyone , even us that are too klutzy to sharpen cutters properly .
 It was a total surprise . When I read the reviews - almost all very good BTW - I was still skeptical.However , now that I have one I can understand those reviews.It is small -LRB- the size of a small , thin pocketknife -RRB- but wow does it carve a good edge on a blade . The carbide edge on this sharpener removes the bad parts on knife , axe , adze and saw edges as if you were carving off a piece of wood from a stick . You can actually ` feel it ' when it is removing metal.silysavg.com
 I received my product pretty quickly and tried it out on a couple pairs of really old gardening shears and some dull kitchen knives . The carbide tip seems to do a very nice job of sharpening in just a few swipes . You have to be careful though if your blade has a lot of nicks or chips out of the cutting edge because if they 're deep , you 'll snag while using the tool to sharpen and it 'll take many more than the recommended 4-5 swipes to sharpen those out . While the blades are n't `` good as new '' since all the tools I tried them on were many years old , they DID cut a lot better than before I sharpened them . As for control , if you do n't have a steady hand , I recommended laying the blade you are sharpening down and overhang to edge off a countertop or something , so you can get the right angle consistently for sharpening .
 I bought this product on a whim as I have been very pleased with the other Corona garden tools I have purchased -LRB- both through Amazon and at ACE Hardware . -RRB- I used this on an older set of indexing pruners and after a few strokes , a dark , dull edge became very shiny . After testing , the edge became as good as new . I noticed that did a better job if you tilt the edge of the sharpener and give the edge a few strokes on one side of the edge then move to the other side of the edge.It does a good job of removing nicks in the blade . I highly recommend this tool as a necessary accessory for a gardener who appreciates caring for their tools .
 I was skeptical but this thing really does a great job.If you are unfamiliar with these carbide sharpening tools you are in for a nice surprise . The tool has a little piece of carbide on the tip that is around 2mm x 3mm x 12mm -LRB- approximately -RRB- . The tip is WAY harder than whatever blade you are sharpening and it scratches whatever it touches . After playing with this on a pair of scissors I got the technique down.I went out to the shed and sharpened my shears and several pruning shears . They were all immediately much sharper than they were before . I was chopping up all kinds of stuff.I also tried to sharpen my lawnmower blade . This is probably asking too much for this little tool . It did help a little bit . If I had the patience I am sure that I could have stuck with it for a while it would do a good job.After sharpening around 5 tools I did not notice any wear or tear on the carbide tip . One reviewere mentioned that his wore out but I find that hard to believe . I expect this to last a long time . My only concern is what if the carbide tip somehow broke off . That is the only thing I can see potentially going wrong with this tool .
 I 'm not really a klutz :--RRB- But I 'm not a professional machinist either . But sharpening an edge can be tricky and I 've never mastered the art of using a wheel to sharpen anything . I bought this sharpener in the hopes that I could avoid spending money replacing my pruning shears , bypass loppers and hedge shears . I was suspicious that the instructions looked too easy . But lo and behold a few strokes with this tool and my tools are once again sharp . I was truly amazed that I did n't end up with duller cutting edges . If I can sharpen yard tools with this device anyone can !
 Thia corona product #AC 8300 is a way to get those garden cutting tools sharp quickly and easy . I have owned this for a couple years now and I would be lost without mine now . I highly recommend to buy this product . I have used it on all my any type blades to sharpen even my pocket knife I have not found anything as of date that it will not sharpen . Can not go wrong purchasing this product for yourself and for anyone as a gift .
 I use this to sharpen grass shears and pruning clippers . Once sharpened , they cut great . It is hard to envision how these work from the picture shown but it is quite simple to use . I had to go to the corona webpage and view the downloadable instructions to this product to learn how they work ... Easy , and it works great on just about any tool that uses blades to cut .
 I was unsure about his product at first but wanted to give it a try , because I sure could use a tool sharpener while I was working in the garden . I do n't want to send my tools out to be sharpened , because I need them . The Corona Clipper Sharpening Tool lets me sharpen them right when they become dull , while working in my garden . Instant results ! Wish I found this long ago ! I keep it in my pocket ready to use . I 'm glad I bought it .
 The sharpener is easy to carry in your pocket and sharpen as you work . It takes moments and has a cover for when you put it back in your pocket . I like using a sharp pruner and this is one of the easiest and compact sharpeners I have seen . Great gift for gardeners .
 I was rather skeptical when I first opened the package . It looked so small . Lucky for me , I read the back of the card , so I knew how to use it . It really did sharpen all my loppers .
 I bought this to sharpen my new knife and wow 2 stikes on each side and it was super sharp i cant wait to sharpen the hatchet and machete
 I love this tool . So inexpensive , so small , and yet so effective . I love using it on my gardening tools , especially the clippers I use on my roses and other bushes and shrubs . No more splitting the stems because of a dull blade . I 'm hooked .
 The Corona Sharpener is effective on blades from pocket knives to lawn mower blades . It is pocket size , and is great for sharpening scissors . It is also inexpensive at Amazon.com .
 Really great sharpener but it is a little pricey . I have used to it sharpen many kitchen knives with good results . It is quick to put and edge on a knife , about 2 minutes or less . It will come close to putting a hair shaving edge . I would recommend using a ceramic or wet stone to finish the edge if you want it really sharp .
 I have not had an opportunity to use the sharpening tool but it was suggested as an excellent tool to have to sharpen all my pruning tools .
 After using my Corona pruners in the yard I run this sharpener along its edge and puts a sharp edge on for the next use .
 This little Corona sharpener is perfect for putting a nice edge on garden tools and household scissors alike . I got it to sharpen yard clippers and pruners . It worked so well , I took it inside and started on all of our regular scissors . Just a few passes with this handy little guy makes a huge difference . I found myself walking around looking for things to sharpen.I would not use it on , nor is it designed for , serious knife sharpening , but it will work great on just about any outdoor tool . Highly recommended - especially for under 10 bucks .
 this is a great sharpener . it is my second as i gave my first to a friend who admired it so much
 This tool shaves knife edges so smooth with ease * LOTS OF BANG FOR THE BUCK * I feel like this will last me forever the only issue I have with this tool is -LRB- It 's just an 1 '' TO BIG -RRB- IT STILL FITS INTO THE POCKET but when you sit down you can feel it
 This little gadget works Very well ! It is simply a carbide ? edge that scrapes away the rough , dull edge on softer cutting edges such as clippers , many scissor-type cutters and such . So few people realize the need to constantly sharpen cutting tools ; this will make a craftsman of you . jvm
 This sharpening tool was not mindblowing but it only took a few passes for my machete to be sharper than the day I bought it . Definitely a recommend for the price .
 This tool is so nice I gave mine to my brother-in-law to put an edge on his dull kitchen knives and he loves it !!! Sharpens almost anything that needs an edge.Definitely worth the purchase . Maybe even two ...
 If you have a lot of dull blades around the house - and who does n't ? - this nifty little tool will fix that in about 6 seconds flat . Works perfectly . I used it on garden clippers , hedge clippers , scissors , really anything at all with a metal blade , including a lawn mower . Do not hesitate .
 Handy tool to have around for your hand pruners if you use them a lot . My husband loves this tool .
 The U-bolts provide were too big , I bought size to fit at the local hardware store.The holes on two of the L-shaped tubes were on the wrong sides putting them 90 degrees off . I bought two of the cabs and they were both the same . I just left those two bolts out and they seem to stay together alright .
 This is the best idea ever ! Easy to assemble on my machine , does just exactly what it says it will do . Just great!Well made and feels like it will last for a long time.I would recommend this product to anyone .
 Great product at a great price . Shipping was vey fast and inexpensive as well .
 I bought these at my local Costco for $ 96 . They are so easy to install , include the batteries , and look beautiful . I 've had many compliments from the neighbors on these lights . But , now they are sold out at Costco . I wish I had bought 2 sets . So much nicer than the black plastic and less expensive than the wrought iron ones that are $ 25 a piece or more . A great buy !
 I bought two boxes of their lights locally and had a few dead batteries - they sent me new batteries with just an email and within days . A week later , one of the lights died - I sent another email and they sent a new light head.OK , I had some problems BUT they took care of them QUICKLY and very nicely . Will be buying at least another box because these things are BRIGHT and look really nice in the yard .
 These lights are high quality stainless and glass construction with bright LED lights . -LRB- Ignore comments about changing `` filaments '' -- there are n't any . LEDs do n't often die of natural causes . -RRB- They came complete with 900 m-ah batteries , and out of 30 purchased , all 30 worked right out of the box . -LRB- Check the box to be sure nobody removed your batteries . -RRB- Solar lights are not as bright as low voltage -LRB- powered -RRB- lights , but these are the brightest I 've seen . The light is the standard `` white '' LED -LRB- i.e. , bluish white -RRB- . I 've installed them in mostly sun and mostly -LRB- but not completely -RRB- shade , and they all operate all night -LRB- 38 deg . N latitude -RRB- . Other than possible electronics failures , the `` bulbs '' will never burn out , and the batteries -LRB- as with all rechargables -RRB- will eventually die , but are simple to replace with AA NiCads.If you want solar lights -LRB- i.e. , not as bright as powered , but need no wires -RRB- , these are worth it .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- each and have been very impressed with the illumination that the lights give to the yard . Most solar powered lights illuminate just themselves , but these lights give a light circle of light around them . We could almost have a party in the backyard using only these garden lights - they are sufficient for people to find their way to their seats and such , but not enough for people to see what they are eating - which could be a good thing!The lights last until the morning and seem to be well constructed . They are ridiculously easy to set up - maybe 20 seconds per light once you get the hang of it . You just take the plastic off the top , turn the light on , stick the top part into the middle part , into the bottom stake and you 're done.One downside , the light do need direct sunlight to charge . As i 'm in San Diego , this is n't a problem . However , I noticed that a light that I had under my patio -LRB- About 3 feet from the sun -RRB- often did n't get enough light to turn on.Update
 Very pleased with this solar powered garden light kit . Real stainless steel and glass lens makes these lights a higher quality product than the kind you see at Lowes and cheaper to boot . I recieved two batteries per light . The lights are brighter than other solar lights because they have two LED -LRB- light emitting diodes -RRB- per unit . The only thing you need to know is despite the fact that the lights are advertised as `` White '' they are in fact light blue . No one I know of has invented a true white LED . Most solar lights use LED 's and I would be suspect if I saw anyone advertise a truely white LED.I would buy these again . '
 I actually found this exact pack of lights at our local Costco . If you have one near by and are interested in purchasing this set , they are a lot cheaper there . I only paid $ 96.00 for this same set . They are very nice and look great . We did have two that did not work and Costco was kind enough to take those two back and give us two working lights . I love the stainless steel look . It 's so much better that the black plastic . I just hope that we do n't have problems finding bulbs for these when they burn out like another person had found .
 I have had solar lights before where you have to literally take apart the light and put it back together again just to change the rechargeable batteries . These are so easy to change the batteries it is n't even funny ! They are beautiful and have a nice light blue light emanting off them at night . My only problem with them is that there is not an actual bulb inside that can be changed . There is some sort of filament and when that goes , I think the entire light is shot . I have n't been able to find any replacement filaments and I have 2 lights where I have changed the rechargeable batteries and the lights still do n't work . I think they are now junk unless I can find some way to replace those filaments . They are very beautiful to look at , very easy to install , and provide a nice light . I would recommend them only if the filaments can be changed . If they ca n't be , then the whole light needs to be trashed . Waste of money if that is the case .
 The Stainless steel has not rusted at all , the batteries -LRB- they came with my set in the units -RRB- Even on a cloudy day they are able to hold 4-6 hours of evening light . Easy to install , NO WIRES / NO assembly required , just the poles needing to be slipped onto the collar of the housing -LRB- about 2 seconds per head -RRB- . Over all a great value , I looked at Home Depot/Lowes/Sears , they offered plastic heads with plastic lens & no batteries , This unit features glass lenses , 30 batteries , and stainless steel for much less money .
 Much to my mother-in-law 's surprise , I have managed to turn my husband into a veggie eater over the past few years . We started with things we knew he could tolerate , like peppers , and branched out into whatever caught his eye at the grocery store . If you 've ever bought sprouts at a grocery store , you 'll understand why - once he discovered he not only tolerated but LOVED sprouts - we opted to start growing them at home . They 're so much cheaper , we have access to a variety of types and they 're always available fresh , so long as we 're willing to rinse them daily.This sampler has been an excellent way to try a variety of sprouts without committing to a huge quantity of any one kind . So far , we 've had successful germination of all that we 've tried , and - despite the cold , gray winter - enjoyed the fresh , summery taste of our bounty . I love that the seeds are Certified 100 % Organic since you 're usually eating the whole thing . For those who wonder about origins , I had one packet with seeds from China -LRB- Mung Beans -RRB- , one from Canada -LRB- Broccoli -RRB- and the remainder from the USA.I am disappointed that although the title of the product states `` 10 Different Delicious Sprout Seeds '' there are really only 8 different sprout seeds . There are 7 single varietal packages , listed in the title -LRB- Alfalfa , Mung Bean , Broccoli , Green Lentil , Clover , Buckwheat , and Radish -RRB- , and three packets of mixes
 These seeds have been just great for sprouting . Each pack contains all the nutrional info and sprouting directions . Each type of seeds sprouted quite nicely -- I 'm having some of the best salads ever .
 This sampler selection was the best , most economical way to try out the different kinds of sprouts available .
 I 'm pleased with the selection that was included . The seed mixes were well balanced with not too many of the really spicey varieties mixed in . Virtually 100 % germination , and the packages contain enough for several batches . I 'll happily buy this brand again .
 I have n't sprouted for over a year and wanted to refresh my memory ... which varieties I liked best . I like the organic claim , especially for broccoli which is hard to find in that state.PROS : * This is a nice variety of seeds for someone just starting out or for someone who wants to try new things * This would make a very lovely gift basket addition * I used my counter top sprouter from sproutpeople for all of these -LRB- except the buckwheat -RRB- and highly recommend it as it works with all varieties.CONS : * Three of the packets are ` mixes ' which defeats the whole point of having a sampler . I can mix seeds ... I 'd rather have three more varieties to try . * There is excessive packaging , but if the producers must package like this , a ziploc top would be great as I used only 1/4 of a package each time .
 I like most of the sprouts from this sampler . Best for first timers to try what they like .
 I love sprouts , and have been unable to find either sprouts , or the seeds in stores in my area . This is a perfect assortment , with SO many different varieties I had never tried before . Growing your own sprouts is SO simple and easy ; no green thumb required!Seeds arrived VERY quickly , in perfect condition , and the price was very reasonable .
 This sampler is great ! My husband and I have tried almost every one of these packages and been enjoying our little indoor sprouter . We live in a fairly small town and can not get sprouts from the grocery store , so this is the perfect way for us to grow our own ! The set is very reasonably priced and will probably last us for at least a couple years , even with our regular use . All of the sprouts have grown quickly and taste great . We have n't been able to figure out how to get the mung beans to grow fat like the ones in the store , but they still taste good !
 The organic seeds when used with the Evergreen Automatic Sprouter work extremely well . They grow very quickly and lush . Like the idea that they are organic .
 These seeds are perfect ! I got a huge variety of sprouting seeds that will last me awhile.The seeds are strong and have a high germination rate . My Mung Bean seeds started sproutingafter just being soaked 8 hours in water . Great Packaging , fast shipping , everything is excellent!I will surely be buying from them again because they offer quality seeds for a good price !
 Having the ability to grow my own sprouts for juicing , eating raw , or mixing with other foods , such as sandwiches and salads . Its a nice variety to start with .
 tons of seeds some you may like some you may notgood for learning and messing aroundi shoulda bought only the ones i liked but i didnt know which those were till after i tried them all : -RRB-
 The product was just as advertised . I really like the variety of the package !! And that 's the way it is .
 I gave this as a gift to my adult daughter and it became a learning tool for my granddaughter , too . They call it their &#34; mini farm . &#34;
 My sister and brother-in-law were pleased to get this little garden . The only thing that would make it a five star plus would be if you could order just one to all the kinds of sprout seeds . Otherwise , it 's just great !
 I purchase the sprouting pack in the morning with the 2-day shipping option , and I received the pack in the afternoon of the same day . I was amazed . Plus the seeds are easy to sprout and lovely to the palate .
 This is a wonderful way to try a variety of sprouting seeds . I only used alfalfa before . This is a wonderful adventure and provides more variety in my diet , though most salad selections are mostly alfalfa .
 Product looks amazing ... there was not a single duplicate in seeds . Such an awesome starter kit . Thank you ! would def order from again .
 Wonderful product at such a low price ... My friend ordered it for her family and I was stunned at the amount of organic seeds that came with it-wonderful quality and quantity ! pleased with it .
 I like them very much and enjoy my harvest . I love using them for my favorite dishes.I recommend this product for sprouter lovers .
 This is a great assortment for just starting out in the world of sprouts . I love alfalfa sprouts and recently bought a sprouter to grow my own for fresh greens for my toddler . I chose this sampler to try other sprout types . Let me tell you that 2.5 lb grows a lot of sprouts . I 've done several batches and have barely used any seeds ! When we do run out I intend on purchasing this sampler again . My son ca n't get enough !
 I was very excited to get these seeds . Now I can have interesting home grown salads all year long , not to mention the bean sprouts for my stir fry 's . Thank you so much !
 This is an excellent product for people who likes variety of sprouts . They all came packaged nicely and they sprouted quickly . I will continue to buy my sprouts from this company . I love them !
 Great not just as a start up kit . My favorite are radish and alfalfa sprouts . After seeing and tasting it at my mom 's house , I had to get me a sampler as well . Highly recommend !
 Excellent value , and recommend this if you are looking for variety . Also great as a starter pack for people new to sprouting , lets you try several different types at once .
 At the urging of my Spa Store I was told I need to try this since I spend about 2-4 hours a day , EVERY single day in our hot tub trying to ease paid from multiple injuries & surgeries to my spine . My chronic pain is helped but my skin began to dry out to the point of nearly bleeding in spots like hot tub rash . Only mine turned out to be over drying of skin . I got it through Hot Tub Things here at Amazon and it arrived almost the same instant as when I hit that order button!I had read on numerous other sites about excess foaming . I have NO such problem . Maybe because in the Summer I keep my temperature down to about 85 degrees and use it to cool off ? No idea but simply have NO problems with that . I also have a Jacuzzi brand that uses 2 600Sq Inch filters so maybe that prevents it as well ? All I know is that it works and works immediately . Glad I found the product and even happier I found Hot Tub Things . Only reason I give it only 4 stars is that with shipping , it costs a lot if you use it every single day like I do . MORE than a lot actually ... I may buy some bulk Aloa and see if adding it to the spa creates any problems . I can get that for about $ 20.00 per gallon .
 This is a great product . Really makes your skin feel soft and has a great smell . The only throwback is that it does cause foaming . Make sure you only use a very small amount or the foaming will be over your head in no time
 I have the flag displayed indoors , so ca n't vouch for it 's durability to weather . However it appears high quality and has good color .
 great price , quick delivery - flag is light weight material with screen printed art-work , but to date , I have been unable to find a heavy duty sewn option - recommended
 good flag , good delivery ... bought it in honor of my son who is now serving in Bagdad . Decent quality , would recommend .
 Grubs can cause extreme damage to your lawn in a short period of time . My lawn last spring started getting the round brown patches that start getting larger and larger . When you pull on the grass stems they just come out of the ground as the roots have been eaten off by the grubs . You can see the white grub right under the grass and if you are unlucky they are everywhere . -LRB- Like mine was getting -RRB- It is best to apply this product and water thoroughly within 24 hours of the application . This product worked perfectly on my lawn and helped to save my grass as the grubs were almost immediately gone . The lawn quickly recovered as this product not only kills the grubs but feeds and helps strengthen the grass roots.Spring is only a short time away and if you have grubs you need to apply this from May to August . Local stores in my area ran out quickly as it seemed everyone had a problem so make sure you order it early .
 Lawn responds after one application.product was delivered as expected.I am pleased with the result.I would recommend this for grub worms in lawn
 was hesitant but am very satisfied with this part . if only the other male connector I ordered had been right .
 I have tried the orbit one selling at home depot or the Gilmour one from lowes , they both have surrounding black rubber handles . But they all leaked after used for less than 3 month for some reason.I have bought these ones this spring , I have used them for 6 months , so far so good , no signs for leaking yet . But I can not tell if they will last for years , I will update my review in the next year.Considering the price and quality , these are much better than the ones selling from home depot or lowes .
 work fine with my pressure washer ar 767 and my pressure washer karcher hd5 12 , is very easy to use and weld constructed
 I have been using the Felco F-20 Loppers for 10 years , while working at Filoli . When our site is open to the public , the mansion has fresh flower arrangements made each week . I am in charge of picking the foliage and large flowering branches used in these arrangements . When my hand shears ca n't do the job , I pull out the loppers . They are easy to use and are n't too big . If you can find the matching leather holster -LRB- Felco 918 Holster for Lopper-but it is not currently available -RRB- or make one , get it ! The holster makes it a lot easier to carry and keeps your hands free.If you keep the blade sharp , it can cut a lot of material . Once , I accidentally cut a wire in a chain linked fence with these ! As for sharpening and cleaning , these loppers are easy to disassemble . Once the blade is out , you can clean and sharpen it . -LRB- WD-40 is great for loosening the dirt and grime , sand paper helps clean the blade , and a knife sharpening stone will hone the blade -RRB- If you take your time , you can get the blade sharp enough to make a clean cut in a sheet of paper.I highly recommend this lopper for anyone with a garden . Especially , if you have a lot of bushes and trees to prune !
 I have been watching the chefs on the cooking channel just chop through vegetables as though it was easy , well it was n't with my cheap knives . I went with this small Japanese knife because I have a small hand and did n't want the extra weight of other vegetable knives . This is a very sharp knife that really does the trick . Last night I cut paper thin slices of golden beets without any effort . Now I wonder why it took so long for me to buy a better knife . Wonderful product with a nice handle , too .
 Bought this as a beginner 's knife to practice with.Great for my needs , be sure to take good care of it so that it does n't rust !
 for juicers to cut all the vegetables you 'll be using . The Japanese have been doing it longer .
 Berger # 4075 Long Reach ShearThis is a great Pruner , sturdy and well made . The grip is a little wide for my hand but I was able to manage very well . I trimmed my apple tree easily . I was able to reach into the center for thinning and I loved the gripper that holds the cutting so it does n't fall to the ground . Great for pruning roses and overhead branches . I would highly recommend this Pruner .
 These are top of the line for shears . The curved blades is the way to go . Very smooth and easy to use .
 If you are looking for a hedge trimmer , look no further . I have had many over the years and these by far outshine them all . I LOVE THEM . Spend a little more and save in the long run .
 I did n't follow the instructions in these , I just planted them in pots . My cat LOVED it , and they grew , which is mainly what I was worried about because I had bought seeds before at wal-mart that did n't grow no matter what I did with them.One suggestion though , if your cat likes to dig , use pots and try not to over-water , unless you like muddy messes on your floor .
 This product allows you to grow the grass right in the rather small package . I decided to grow it in a shallow 6 &#34; x 9 &#34; stainless steel pan I had . I put about an inch of potting soil in the pan and mixed the contents of this package into the surface of the soil . I watered it and covered with a piece of waxed paper to reduce the evaporation rate . Within a few days , new shoots were lifting the waxed paper . The grass came in surprisingly fast and got thick and lush . I allowed my cats to nibble on it after about a week or so , but kept it on a table in the sunlight to give it more time to grow . The cats knew where it was and started helping themselves to it . In their zeal , they knocked it off the table around the second week . To my surprise , almost no soil fell out . The roots were so thick , they had captured almost all the soil and held it through the impact . They have full time access to it now -LRB- I have four cats -RRB- and continue to enjoy it . The only problem is it 's starting to look like I 'll have to mow it . I thought I was finished with lawn mowing until next summer .
 I like the package for the skewers . Need to know what size they are .
 Good quality flag pole that is simple to install with easy to follow directions . I was replacing an existing flag pole that was made out of 2 '' steel pipe -LRB- which is 2 inches inside diameter -RRB- this new flag pole is made of 2 '' outside diameter aluminum tubing and so it slipped perfectly inside the existing pipe , which was already secured in concrete in the ground . The rest of the installation was also quite easy to complete.The flag which comes with the kit is a very high quality sewn nylon flag which would easily sell for $ 30.00 own its own .
 Very good quality pole and flag . The flag has sewn stripes and embroidered stars and would cost at least $ 20-25 if purchased separately . You will be pleased also . Please be advised that it takes quite a few bags of concrete to set the base in the groud -- more than you would think -LRB- the instructions indicate the pole can also be bolted to a deck -RRB- .
 Bought this from Amazon a year ago -LRB- June 05 -RRB- and installed it with 160 lb of readymix . The halyard shipped with it was for a shorter pole , but cutomer service replaced it quickly . Highly recommend this for the normal residential installation . Flag is taken down during stormy weather -LRB- our two FL hurricaines -RRB- It has proved an asset to our landscape , allowing us to demonstrate patriotism and school spirit -LRB- Go Gators -RRB- .
 We were pleasantly surprised with the quality of the pole and the flag . The preparation and installation were relatively effortless and the flag was flying within 24 hours . The only critizism we had was that the pole was not as rigid as we had hoped . Other than that , we were very happy . We would reccomend the product to others .
 We could n't have asked for a better deal ; great product for a very competitive price . My son needed this for his Eagle Scout project . We ordered it online and selected ground shipping , which was free . The flagpole arrived very promptly and earlier than expected . We were very happy with the quality of the flagpole and the kit included with it . Assembly was a breeze . My son installed the flagpole at our church the next day , and it looks great !
 I expected the flag set to be good , but it was much better than I expected . It came well packaged , no damage , complete , with instructions , and shipped quickly . I gave my brother one for Christmas and kept one for myself .
 Easy to assemble and disassemble as needs be.Light but strong.Keep your fingers off the gold washed ball-it stains easily , but it looks great.Bonus flag make it a deal .
 I havent installed flag yet , but I have had simalar one at my last house . This should be fine .
 this tiny glass gem will look lovely in the tree in my garden , serving as a suncatcher . It is as small as they say and it sparkles with true crystal intensity . Plus
 hey if you like rainbows and want a deal ... buy this . it 's a good deal and it gives you nice rainbows . I 'm happy with this buy and will buy from them again .
 I ordered 3 of these , and they were shipped very quickly . I was a bit disappointed that one had a slightly scratched surface , and one had blue dots in it near the center . However , that does n't affect the prisms they create . The patches of light are quite large as compared to the spheres , with smaller cut surfaces . Of course they do n't spin as readily . But that is the trade-off .
 I ordered a bunch of shapes from this seller and find that this , the teardrop shape , is the best for creating dancing rainbow dots on my walls when the sun shines through.I 've compared this crystal with the cheapest ones on -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I ordered this as a replacement for a handmade suncatcher of my Moms ' which broke . I hoped the rainbows would be as brilliant and . . they were ! Shipping was fast , the size was perfect . I then ordered another one for her and the 76mm suncatcher -LRB- 873-76 -RRB- for myself . Great deal and the shipping was even faster than the due date . I highly recommend this companys ' products .
 We hung this on a sunny window and it creates small rainbows . The size of the crystal is somewhat smaller than expected .
 I was searching for this exact replacement head because that is what I had installed and they 've lasted for more than 10 years . Lowes and Home Depot no longer carried them in the store so I was glad to find that it was still available online . The head is fully adjustable and came with a full package of rain curtain inserts which control the spray pattern to suit your needs .
 As I said in a previous review , I have Rain Birds that have been running on lake water for 18 years . I am trying some of the newer ones and hope they are as good as the old ones . This looks just like the 42SA from Lowe 's or Home Depot with no labels or instructions and slightly more expensive . The package came with extra nozzles which all fell out and scattered over the floor when I opened the package . It is not obvious how they are installed and there are no instructions but I will figure it out . The old style came with several sized nozzles which is helpful when you have limited pump capacity and want to run a lot of sprinklers in one area and less in others . When I figure this out I will give an update .
 Great to slip on , and to kick off after a long wet or dry day.Feet stay dry after a day of working in the the rain or wet surfaces.Lov them
 Bigger than small green house version of pellets but work just as well . These work great for starting any seeds .
 Was selling my house , needed some cheap but decent-looking mats to replace the nasty , weathered , worn-out ones on my back porch and deck area . These happened to be on sale at Amazon at the time and seemed like the ticket . They function well as foot scrapers , and look perfectly at home on a pressure-treated deck or other informal area . Not dressy enough for a front-door mat , in my opinion . They are fairly heavy , so wo n't slide around easily . The rubber backing , originally a nice forest green when new , faded substantially within a few months , making the mats appear somewhat prematurely old . I suspect this relates to sunlight exposure , so you may have better luck if your porch/deck is n't in direct sun like mine .
 I bougth this valve to have some in stock since I have three installed in my yard . They have been working for more than 4 years without any complain .
 You ca n't really beat this for $ 12 ! It 's fairly attractive and seems pretty well made . It seems as though it will do a pretty good job at removing dirt etc. from shoes as the bristles on it are very tough and the crevaces are alot bigger than you can see in the picture . This would cost at least $ 10 more in the stores . Thinking about buying one for my other 2 entry doors .
 This is a thick attractive doormat . It 's also quite heavy & has n't budged in inch in high winds . I 'm very pleased with the purchase !
 Door mat looks good and sturdy . Seems easy to maintain . Does not lay flat against my tile portch , if that is a draw back .
 A great product especially for the discounted price .
 I am cheap + picky about quality . I shopped all over for a doormat and finally found this and we LOVE it ! It is twice the size of our old -LRB- standard size -RRB- one , and it is pretty good quality . It will definately hold up for a while . The big box stores are asking comparable $ 30 for this , and since we bought enough to get free shipping , this cost us only $ 9.99 , and was well worth it ! I HIGHLY recommend this product !
 I must admit that this is one of my best purchase online . The size is good enough , if your front door is just regular 6 panel door like most people here have . The quality of this doormat is very impressive . I have seen similar ones selling in walmart for about $ 25 . Another good thing about this doormat is that those colored-lined patterns in this doormat are plastic color , not dyed . Thus the color/pattern of the doormat would last a long time compared a doormat made of those fibers solely and dyed.Amazon will ship seperately in a huge box . It is well packed and ready to use once you receive it .
 I use this in a high use area and it holds up very well . Very well made quaity , highly durable . Nice looking
 Purchased these outdoor mats and received them in a few days . The mats are of a very good quality and will serve the purpose , especially for only $ 10 each with free shipping . I purchased a total of 3 door mats .
 Nice mat , heavy duty , good aesthetics -- but underside rubber tends to slips instead of stick when you shuffle shoes to clean -- and same rubber tends to trap rainwater instead of draining -- mat stays wet ... BUT I LIKE IT !
 I paid $ 10 for this mat , and was surprised by its large size and sturdiness . I do n't think that I have seen any large $ 10 door mats in any of the home improvement stores . I like the Greek key design . I am sorry that I did n't buy more than one.It does a great job of removing debris from shoes . Time will tell how well it will hold up . If it holds up well , it deserves five stars .
 Considering that Amazon ran this on special for $ 9.50 , I think it is definitely worth the price , which included super saver shipping . I bought it solely because it was advertised as being resistant to fading by the sun . I have placed it by my front door , where it will be exposed to brutal afternoon sun , which has already disintegrated three previous mats . I will be revisiting this review after this mat goes through our summer . The mat is also more attractive in person than I thought it would be . August 30 , 2007 update -LRB- from May 23 -RRB-
 This is a very nice and sturdy mat that I would expect to pay at least twice as much -LRB- if not 3 times -RRB- retail . I 'm happy to replace the beat up one that has been out on our porch.Shipping was free and super fast . Paid $ 10 in one of those daily deals . Wish I bought a few more .
 I got the mat for my sister , so I never actually saw it in person since we do n't live in close proximity to each other . She uses the mat in an enclosed apartment hallway for guests to wipe their feet after treading through the snow . I do n't know if it would hold up directly in the elements , but it seems to do the job in the setting that my sister uses it . Upon receiving the mat , she was pleased with its functionality and style .
 The Lewis Hyman Athens doormat is a very good product . It looks good at the door and takes care of all dirt and debris from your shoes that would otherwise be brought in the house . It is a beautiful addition to my home .
 Larger than I expected and thick/heavy . Good quality and definately worth the price .
 I gave these to all of my family members for Christmas . I ordered 20 in all of the various colors . All of them loved them and commented on how heavy and durable they were . They are really unique in their color and styling . This has got to be one of my better purchases .
 Even though it 's a little on the small size , this doormat is well worth the price ; we 'll probably end up getting a larger mat but this one will serve its purpose until then .
 excellent serviceXXtra speedy deliverya quality product at a reasonable price ... and free shipping
 I believe ? that these were advertised in the catalog as rugs.These are excellent doormats but would make terible rugs.I needed some good doormats so they worked out well.The product is excellent.Very heavy duty and appear to be virtually indistructable .
 Green doormats seemed risky to order but at their arrival all questions were dismissed . They are beautiful . Thick , great color and covering a large area , these doormats are perfect entrances .
 The quality of the mat is excellent . Hard to believe that they can make money selling and shipping these items for so little . My one issue is that the forest green rubber part turned turquoise blue after three weeks in the sun . Nice color , but not as ordered !
 I bought two of these especially for a 4th of July breakfast for which I had been asked to cook . I seasoned it ahead of time according to the instructions , and was amazed at the teflon-like coating that was formed in the process . I cooked bacon for an hour straight . The drain hole at the end of the griddle allowed the grease to drain down the inside edge of my gas grill and into the grease reservoir . If you 're cooking lots of bacon , though , just do n't forget to empty the grease pan from time to time !
 Fit one side of my 27 '' Lynx grill perfectly . Turned grill to medium to season until I got a dark coating , pancakes were great . Need to remember to always wipe down lightly with oil before use -LRB- to make non-stick -RRB- , and after use .
 This is just what you think it is . It does have some mounting holes for stuff inside but I just used self taping metal screws and worked great .
 much more tougher than Fiskars/Gerber one hand axe , I was doing some serious hacking for 2 hours , with wood as much as 3 1/2 , it just keeps going and going , and the edge holds up unlike anything I 'd used , it slice and cuts my finger at the end of the process , which it should n't , it should be a bit dull by then , but it did n't , for a machete , its edge are very sharp , and even afte all the serious whacking , it still be able to pick out smaller branch with just little prying and sliceing movements while making nice `` cling '' `` cling '' tones , very light , and for that , it 's all your shoulder doing the work , it has to be strike down at fater speed when comparing to others with thicker and heavier blade , and when you do that , it also makes whoosh whoosh noise , could have use even better shock absorbing handle though , and for that , do not cut in any angle that might cause your wrist to bent , that 's when it bounce off .
 I have used machetties for many years , and always carry one on my ATV , for making trails . There are many poor quality ones on the market , that will dent if cutting hard wood . The Fiskars brush axe is a quality tool that performs as advertised . I am very happy with my Fiskars brush axe .
 This is a great tool I definitely recommend it . Light weight , extremely sharp , does not require a lot of energy to cut even 2 '' branches .
 The handiest shrub removal tool I have ever handled . It is well balanced with powerful slashing/cutting action that easily slices through limbs up to an inch with one to three well placed blows . Works extremely well on larger limbs when used like an ax . Nice storage sheath that protects blade while hanging on a wall .
 The Fiskars Brush Axe is so much better than noisy machines for clearing stickerbushes along the driveway . It 's especially handy , though , when picking blackberries because we can whack our way into the thicket where the big juicy ones are !
 I do lots of riding on ATVs and also assist with `` Extreme '' 5K races ... you know , where there are obstacles , mudpits , etc. . During the prep for the last race my buddies were using the Gerber version of this tool . I was astounded by what a simple , effective tool this was for trimming branches and brush . I immediately set aside the hatchet and machete and loppers and used theirs whenever possible.Once home , I ordered this version from Amazon . It is identical to the Gerber version but costs $ 25 vs. $ 40 . As for the Pros ? - Simply perfect for quickly trimming branches/small trees up to 3 inches in diameter . It routinely `` one-strokes '' the branches 1.5 '' or smaller . - perfect size for carrying on an ATV or UTV or vehicle . It would be light enough to pack in on oneself , but check into securing it properly - handle is balanced well and provides a great amount of leverage - Construction was good and I saw no issues.Cons ? - Only one ... the blade shipped as is was very dull . I am sure that is a liability issue , but TAKE NOTE
 Excellent product but it will cause you to sweat if you use it , but is n't that why you are buying it ?
 I have a garden design company and sometimes do maintenance or clearing for my clients . I bought the Fiskars Brush Axe to clear some areas before gardening . I used this tool to cut down blackberries , English Ivy , saplings -LRB- alder and maple -RRB- and to remove limbs from cedar and hawthorne trees . This tool performed flawlessly on branches 1 '' + as well as the brambles and vines.This tool has a thicker and sturdier blade than most `` machete '' type tools out there and comes from the factory with a good enough edge to begin working immediately - no need to sharpen it first.Greencliff Landscape Co. heartily endorses this product as `` indispensible '' .
 I found it very fun to use this well designed tool . I like the hooked tip of the blade which help grabing in cutting . The handle shape transfering the force from my arm to the blade well . I wish the handle is not as smooth but with more texture to help the grip though .
 This is the easiest tool for trimming small branches from trees , for cutting brush up to 1.5 inches thick , and `` shaving '' water shoots from fruit trees .
 This is a great product , my only complaint is the plastic protective sheath it comes with . I had a little trouble getting it back into the sheath the first time and ended up cutting myself on it 's superbly sharp blade . Oops .
 I spend a lot of time in the woods . While in Alaska this year I used this product extensively . I recommend this product for anyone chopping wood , clearing shrubs or cutting a trail .
 I have looked for something to clear trails . Up until now all I have found have been plain machetes . I was at a local sporting good store and found the Gerber Brush Thinner . It must have been an older model because the handle broke on the second use . I returned it for repair but it takes too long so I bought the Fiskars from Amazon . It 's the same thing . Fiskars makes it for Gerber . The handle is much better . It is wonderful for clearing any kind of brush and small trees . But it is really great for heavy thorns . Where the curve of a machete will actually push thick thorn branches away the curve of the brush thinner actually give them no place to go . And you can use it to hook the cut brush and pull it out of the way -LRB- really important with thorns -RRB- . I notice on one of the reviews for this type machete about sharpening the blade at the bend . You can pick up a $ 4 hand held sharpener -LRB- fits in your pocket -RRB- that has a carbide side and a ceramic side . The best thing about this machete is the blade . With the above mentioned sharpener I can put a really sharp edge on is and it stays sharp . Great Great Product !
 I purchased this item to help clear encroaching brush , wild grape , and kudzu vines from trees along the rear of my property . I was pleased with the overall quality of the ax . The blade is substantial , high quality , and arrived sharp and ready to use . It was a big improvement over a hand scythe that I was loaned for the job . It was easy to swing and cut well . The ax is nicely made and nicely finished . My only complaint/dissappointment is that the blade does n't have a full length tang . Most of the handle is hollow plastic with the blade captured only in a protion of the black section of the handle . This seems likely to fail with a misplaced hit or two . It got me through the task at hand with ease . It 's a good tool as is . I would feel that it was a lifetime tool if it had the additional tang .
 This thing works . Amazed that I 'm able to chop through limbs and branches several inches thick .
 ok i have to say i love the product . it feels very nice in the hand , the heavy blade makes for effortless cutting once you get the swing down . i however did not have any manufacturing local sticker , the plastic sheath is made in china . we took this out and tried it out on stink weed trees , ah no match , then just for fun a swipe at tall grass that tends to bend and wrap , but not with this . sliced through like butter . so then we found some dried out timber and set the blade into the and of the log , with one good smack it would split the firewood without any trouble black berry vines and brier thickets were no match either . my only wish is they had a light weight sheath , leather or nylon so that it could be carried on a pack for long camping trips.now as for ups , i am disappointed yet again with the company . i ordered on the 16 it shipped out with ups on the 17 early am . i used the 3 day saver plan , witch should have it here on the 21 . checking the ups site it showed it moved 17/18/19 / 20 , arriving at the main hub on the 20 . on the 21 i tried to intercept the package , tracking and ups 's -LSB- 1-800-why-bother -RCB- both claimed it to be there . the hub how ever informed me that this was a logical scan that they give us on tracking meaning a fake scan that was to show when they assumed it would arrive.so why even bother having the tracking feature if it is only BS.i worked for ups at the air opps and at the main hub in roava and there was no such thing as logical scan . i have filled more plains a loaded and unloaded more trucks then i care to know , hating the scan the entire way cause it slowed you down , but it was necessary . on the 22 it came after my bro 's bday , being 4 weekdays and 6 ttl , not 3 like i paid for . Ups also charged 11 lbs when it was 3to4lbs . ill ship usps for now on . or fed ex if they get the rates to a competitive level , im just tired of ups and there bs , on times and insurance non coverage of damaged/destroyed products .
 I love this thing ! I bought this 2 year ago and am just getting around to writing a review.I had a bunch of over grown bushes/trees/brush in my backyard of a house I had recently purchased at the time . I bought this to help me clear it out . I tell you , was it a blast . This thing packs a punch and can easily cut through small sized branches and brush . I even cut down a tree with a good 4 '' base , rather easily . I did overestimate the item , and got carried away and was just going crazy cutting and chopping and probably the 2nd day out with it the blade detatched from the handle and flew into the woods . I loved it so much though that I purchased another one . This time it has lasted me 2 years , as I am now using it as it was intended =-RRB- . It may seem tempting and be alot of fun , but I do not recommend chopping everything in sight with it!It turned clearing out my backyard into a rather enjoyable task.The hooked front is great for when you are just swinging and cutting alot , as it helps to grab the brush and dig in and slice through . The handle is pretty comfortable , and I do n't recall any discomfort or blisters after using it for many hours a day.The holder it comes in is what I use to store the brush axe in . It is a nice holder and hangs on the wall , but also keeps the blade secured and covered so as not to injur unsuspecting people . The axe did come pretty sharp , and I believe I have only sharpened it one time since I have had it , and I use it probably 25-30 times a year.I would highly recommend this to anybody , especially anyone who loves blazing trails , or clearing brush , or having a great time outdoors . Just know what it is built to handle and do n't push it 's limits like i did and I think it will last a long time .
 I bought this to deal with wild grapevines and to cut ornamental plants , 10 feet tall that are similar to corn . This brush axe does a fantastic job cutting those items . I wish I had one of these when I was in SE Asia . It seems all Fiskars products are excellent !
 I bought this from wallyworld after reading an article in Backwoodsman Magazine -LRB- check it out -RRB- . The folks that contribute articles to this magazine are mostly hardcore outdoors types , so they are super critical of equipment . If your butt depends on it , you tend to be critical . Anyway , I got the thing home and went straight to the woods with it . I began to hack my way through the bushy stuff , and this knife never missed a beat . One swing took out anything within the arc . I have quite a bit of ten year old pine on my property , and when I decided to blaze a trail through them , I expected a bit of a fight . No way . Anything around 3-4 inches in diameter was a one swing affair . I could n't believe it ! Anything up to about six inches only took two or three swings ! It 's also good at other things . It 's heavy enough to split smaller firewood -LRB- for the campsite or survival site -RRB- , and it 's sharp enough to cut rope , line , etc. . The guy in the article even cut a roast with it , but I would n't want to do that after a day 's bushwhacking . It also is good for skinning the bark from felled trees -LRB- using the crook -RRB- . So I would highly recommend this item . It is made in China , like most stuff these days , but it is to Fiskars ' specs and it appears to be solid . The hollow handle is even good for carrying a light survival kit in , just cover the end of the handle with tape or something . It also has a lifetime warranty , so you ca n't go wrong with this one !
 I have lived on a farm all my life and grew up using surveyor brush axes to clear fence rows and undergrowth for years . The design of the blade is extremely efficient when it comes to chopping vines and briers . But a standard axe is too heavy to use for more than a few minutes.This Fiskars axe is a much lighter and compact version of the brush axe . It dose n't have the same length or weight as a standard axe , so it can not cut as large a stem as a full sized axe , but it dose n't wear you down as much either.Most complain about the feel of the handle , and they are right , it does feel cheap and plasticy . Knowing this going in I purchasedGamma Supreme Overgripto compensate for the feel.Personally my biggest complaint is the fact that the blade is sharpened on only one side . Most surveyors axes are dual sided , however the Fiskars is only sharpened on the hooked side . Usually the curved side is what I would use to cut out the roots of a plant , or cut vines growing against trees without harming the bark . I would sharpen it myself , but the blade is coated with what appears to be Teflon which does an excellent job keeping it from rusting and from sap build-up . I fear sharpening will remove this coating and be the beginning of the end for the blade.Overall , a very good tool . Much better than the machete as a cutting tool . For the price a wonderful purchase .
 I bought this brush axe primarily to use on our property to cut blackberry bushes back from our driveway and hiking paths on our rural property in Oregon . While I have a nice machete with a sharp cutting edge , the blackberry stalks would take several swipes to bring down . However the Fiskars brush axe features a curved end that helps `` trap '' thick blackberry stalks before they slide off the cutting edge , and the difference in design is amazingly effective ! I use our brush axe at least a couple of time a week , and do n't know how I made due without it ! I also bought the Fiskars tool sharpener which I use to keep this and my other Fiskar axes and hatchets nice an sharp and ready for service !
 I have had this brush axe for more than a year now . I use it at work , around the house and for exploring early 20th century ore mines sites . It took some work to get it sharp ; I used two Smith 's diamond sharpeners , a large one and a small one for the curved section . I keep a cheap ceramic sharpener for a Rapala filet knife with me in the woods . I would highly recommend this product if you are willing to spend a little time to get the edge into shape .
 1 . Lightweight . Effective .2 . Like to see a longer handled version as well .3 . The plastic `` carrier '' is close to useless . Hard to carry & store a sharp tool .4 . Gerber 31-000083 Gator Brush TrimmerTechnical DetailsGator rubber over mold handle for non-slip and comfort10.5-Inch handle , total length 19.5-Inch9-Inch fine edge high carbon , stainless steel bladeNylon sheath includedLanyard hole in handleOr the MACHETE , GATOR MACHETE PRO , GATOR
 It 's a Fiskars ... and that about says it all . I love it . Use it often and it 's a briar , brush killing machine !
 Everything about it is great -LRB- I wo n't rehash other reviews here -RRB- ... EXCEPT the edge . Maybe I 'm just picky , but the edge it came with was beyond useless . Why ca n't it come with a nice SHARP edge like Fiskars axes do ? After spending 20 minutes giving it a REAL sharpening , it 's now working as it should .
 I use it for clearing poison ivy , virginia creeper , briars , mulberry trees , Chinese Sumac , etc that grows on my property in Maryland . I like the light weight , sharp blade , and non-stick surface . The hole is also a nice feature for hanging on a nail on the garage wall . It 's a well designed , well thought out product . But like another reviewer , I wish it were manufactured in the USA . I would HAPPILY pay more for that .
 Only used it one time so I cant vouch for its longevity , Nice size but I wo n't give 5 stars till it comes with a better scabbard and has proven it can hold up to repeated use .
 Have not used to much as of yet , but spring will be here before I know it and i will come in handy .
 this brush ax has paid for itself 3x over with its ease of handling and ability to hold an edge . the only problem I watch out for when buying fiskar products is making sure where they are made . as with everything else in society if it 's made in China , it 's probably crap . so I take a few extra seconds to ensure it 's made in the USA or Finland , they tend to be the highest quality fiskar hand tools in my opinion . and it only takes a few more bucks to go first class
 I just wish they had made it sharper -LRB- razor sharp , please -RRB- . I had to beat brush into submission until I had a chance to get to the grind stone . Having done so , I expect better results .
 I use this to replace a cane knife for cutting trails through the woods or clearing areas to put a feeder or blind . Has good balance and holds an edge .
 I like the way it comes in the holder that is easy to open and remove the axe . It is the size that is needed .
 This tool does precisely what I bought it to do . Small brush and vines are easily cleared . The hooked blade makes it more efficient . It works much better that a machete . Very satisfied with the purchase .
 My husband recently got his stolen , and we looked everywhere for another , I guess they do n't sell them in stores ... I ordered this from here at a surprise for him , well he could n't be happier ... AMAZING PRODUCT !!
 This orange colored -LRB- easy to find on the ground -RRB- brush axe cuts through 1/2 '' russian olive with 2-4 swings . We wear deer leather work gloves and were taking out 8-10 ' high russian/autumn olives in less than a minute each . We cut branches off with one swing . Larger diameter , like up to 2 '' , I used it like a hatchet and took about 4-6 swings to make the final cut . Keep your legs spread and out of the way like you would do with an axe to avoid injury . The brush axe came sharp , but I swiped the blade a few times with a Smith Abrasives CCKS 2-Step Knife Sharpener and it was butcher knife sharp . It has a plastic case to keep it safely secured . The weight is light enough to hold with no fatigue and heavy enough to hit with control while the handle is the right length for balance and to allow me to get the full torque of the swing to make it easy to cut . It has a hole on the handle end which I put a paracord wrist loop on for safety to keep it from flying out of someone 's hand . It 's pretty fun to use . Everyone rushes for the brush axe and leaves the bow saw and loppers for the other guy .
 Wonderful and handy tool . Needs sharpening before use . I would have given 5 stars if not for the slick handle , it really needs to have something on the order of a rubberized or other non-slip coating .
 Slides through manzanita and big leaf maple like a hot , double-edged sword . For the dry shrubs , its best to leave them or use your hands . Using the machete on dry branches can hurt . Also , I love picking up branches with the curved end , it 's a great model and you do n't have to bend down so much!Light , practical , curvy , simply made ... it 's doing its job ! And if it needs sharpening , file is best .
 This is the best tool for clearing all the thinner stuff and i have even cut 3 '' trees with it and it has never needed sharpening . Best part of this is that the long handle is great for two handed swings like a regular axe .
 This works wonders clearing out trails and limbing trees around the yard ! I would recommend touching up the blade with a stone .
 This is a great tool once you sharpen it beyond the factory edge . I used a bastard file and diamond sharpener , then cleared a large swath of blackberry briars . Works great with these -LRB- and even saplings -RRB- when cutting at an angle against the stem ... but with other less woody brush , it cuts cleanly at right angles . The handle also easily keeps the tool in a tired hand after hours of swinging .
 I bought this Brush Axe to help clear some brush and it worked great . Nice and sharp out of the box . With a good swing , it took down most everything in it 's way up to an inch in diameter . Nice product .
 I am a volunteer with the National Park Service and spend a great deal of time cutting invasive exotic vines and other noxious plants to try to save mature woodlands.I used a new tool today to beat down some Chinese Porcelain Berry vines and it worked extremely well . To date , my tools of choice have been a 22 '' machete - for English Ivy , Winter Creeper , Multiflora Rose and tall Japanese Knotweed , and a 12-inch bow saw for anything over 1.5 inches in diameter . I also use a weed cutter -LRB- grass whip -RRB- for secondary knotweed cutting , etc. I have found that the difficulty with Porcelain Berry is that it hangs away from native plants , is swingy and poorly supported . It 's often so dense that one ca n't get close enough with hand pruners or loppers to make much progress . And the machete requires tedious , exhausting and repeated hacking . Today I used my brand new Fiskars brush axe on it , expensive at $ 39 through Amazon , but worth every darned penny.It 's a bit shorter than a machete , very light and well balanced . The handle is high impact plastic and absorbs shock well , the blade is short enough to be relatively safe , and the blade is strong , anti-corrosion coated and takes a good edge . But most of all , the downward pointing hook serves -LRB- similar to a grass hook , brush hook , bill hook or ditch bank - which are much heavier and unwieldy -RRB- to keep hanging vines and springy arms of shrubs from sliding off the cutting edge . The rounded point of the hook also impacts the ground before the blade , which helps to preserve the edge of the blade.This tool cuts through vines up to 1 inch like a hot knife through butter ! I reckon it is twice as effective as the machete for swinging growth and 4 times as fast as a lopper - plus being much lighter than a lopper . It works equally well on living and dead brush . If you are familiar with the difference between bypass and anvil blades -LRB- one for green wood the other for dead wood -RRB- on pruners and loppers , you know that you really need two tools if you go that route . Combined with welders gloves , the kind with the extra long gauntlets , I have no reluctance anymore toward bashing into vines that stretch over my head or under shrubs.My only complaint , and it is minor , is that the handle is not rubberized and less smooth.All in all , this tool is a joy to use .
 Excellent quality , period . Having read all the reviews before purchasing , I can simply say - I agree . It is Fiskars quality , it is balanced and the curved nose holds onto the branches and vines which would normally slip away from the blade . This will last the rest of my life.My one complaint - what is described as a sheath is not what I or likely you would think of as a sheath . It is hard plastic with a plastic snap to hold the tool in it . It is great for hanging on retail racks . It is a severe disappointment if you are expecting something to attach to your belt to safely carry when not in use when you are in the field . It is not possible to use it in this manner.Bottom line - if you do n't need the sheath for carrying and safety , then buy this tool . If you do need a sheath for carrying and you value safety , then buy the Gerber version of this tool . They are the same tool and same company.Have fun - chop , chop .
 I have poweline trail `` woods '' behind my home , which is basically comprised of thick brush , saplings , and oak trees . Like most of my neighbors , I wanted to clear the brush to about 30 ' back from my property line to improve appearance.This tool is amazing . Well balanced and just the right combination of heft and length . It takes a few minutes to get used to it , as initially you will not expect it to cut cleanly through up to 1 '' diameter branches with a single swing , which it can and often does . You can also chop through larger diameter branches with a few swings using a hatchet methodology . I was able to clear ` about ' 3,000 square feet of thick brush in just a few hours ' time , and I was n't trying to break any records in doing so.A note of caution
 My husband loves his new bush knife . He was cutting through brush and branches with ease . This product was recommended by our son , who also loves his . Just be careful not to cut into your leg .
 Though an avid Amazon customer I purchased this tool through Wallyworld for $ 21.00 . I agree completely with the prior 5 star reviews as to the effectiveness and performance of the tool . . outstanding ! It just makes you want to chop something . If there 's weak links to the product it 's the smooth handle and funky `` sheath '' . I fixed the handle issue by wrapping baseball bat friction tape around it . It took my chopping to another level . Try it and you will soon agree . The sheath , -LRB- hard plastic locking case -RRB- worked for me because I wanted to mount the axe to my tractor so I could whack nutrient depriving suckers off the trees as I cut the grass . The shape and strength allowed me to epoxy a piece of 1/2 in plywood to the tractor and screw the sheath onto it . Now it 's always at hand and ready to restore order to my landscape . Finally a word of precaution , the ergonomics lends itself to great and powerful blows . It is super sharp and capable of removing digits and inflicting great injury . Chop smart !
 I am a professional archaeologist and spend a considerable amount of my working day in extreme environments . Based and mostly working in Texas , I encounter some of the thickest , thorniest , viniest , and meanest brush imaginable . Of all of the tools in my toolkit , this brush axe is pretty close to being my best friend . Fiskars has hit a home run with this one.The idea behind this device is pretty simple
 I was n't sure when I first ordered this crystal because of its odd shape however it is everything and more when it comes to beautiful prisms cast across the room . Very pleasantly surprised
 Bought a set of these , with other prisms for my wife for Valentine 's Day . She loves them . This one in particular is liked for the large individual color displays it gives off . It does n't give off many , only about 5 or 6 , but they are large and beautiful .
 The item arrived quickly and well packaged . It is hanging in my window now and casting nice little rainbow prisms across the room . It does not put out as much color or light as other designs -LRB- I knew this going in -RRB- but it makes a nice compliment to the other crystal I have it hanging with . They make a stunning pair .
 These are n't fancy , tiny-spectrums-all-over-the-place crystals , instead they make a few large spectrums with the usual full sunlight required on any crystal .
 I liked the way this crystal produced the rainbow effects . You will get what I would describe as a large main spot , depending on the distance from the crystal , and some smaller prismatic spots . Mine produced spots about four or five inches across some 10 feet from where they were in the window . If you are hanging them in a window for this effect , for the best result , you should string a group of them together , maybe six or more . They do look attractive , however , even as a single crystal .
 I ordered some of these prisms before and have ordered a few more now . Instead of hanging them i just lay them on a sunny south-facing window sill . There effectiveness is greatly increased by laying them on a mirrored surface - so I ordered a couple of narrow mirrors cut for my two sunny windows - which completely cover the sill ... it 's a fantastic sight on the walls and cieling of the room !
 Love it , I collect prisms just to hang in the windows on sunny side of my house . Beautiful rainbow colors .
 I picked this because it 's small and yet a unique design . It catches the light beautifully . It 's a great addition to my other crystals .
 I have used this product for more than 20 years and it is convenient to be able to get them at Amazon . After about 10 years of use they tend to get a little brittle and crack but that is after being out all winter every year . I usually fill with cedar mulch and then remove and spread out the mulch in the spring . I have had no rodent damage associated with this practice . The goal is to provide a stable temperature environment for the bush.The only problem is that they are designed to produce a fixed diameter ring around the bush . Older mature plants may require a larger diameter . In such cases I havce successfully linked two collars together for one big bush . You can get creative in other ways and punch your own holes for the tabs on the other end to make different size diameters but the basic product is good , simple , effective , and not too unsightly to place around plants that are prominent in your garden during the off-season .
 These rose collars were just what I was looking for to put around my roses for the winter months.N . Wade
 Great protection for starter plants from the wind and the possibility of being cut by lawnmower.The collars are very sturdy , easy to use and are excellent in the protection of plants etc.The collars can be used many times over . I would recommend this product .
 I tried any number of forks and went through them regularly . The handle detaches from the fork or the tines bend or the wooden handles rot.Tired of buying a new fork almost every season , I bought the Fiskars . Thankfully it is well painted so I can leave it outside where I am working the soil . With limited mobility , this is a major plus for me . The fork length is longer than the standard , which also is great . There is a foot hold on either side . The wide handle allows for two hands and arms to push down in hard soil.With my first Fiskars fork I bent one of the tines and so wrote Fiskars . They immediately sent me a replacement without requesting a return of the one with the bent tine . These tines are very strong , but I am a strong female with lots of roots and rocks in my gardening area . I am breaking new garden ground and the Fiskars is holding up for the job . At first it seemed a little `` tall '' for my 5 ' 1 '' , but now that I am used to it the longer handle gives more leverage.I love this fork and recommend it very highly . It is truly the best fork I have ever bought . And it looks like it might be the last one I have to buy , lasting two seasons and I am looking forward to the third .
 This is a very sturdy , heavy duty digging fork , I like the handle and it 's strong enough to dig the big , deep tap roots . Good buy
 I have had one of these for several years and I am about to order another one . We use it with the Humzinger hummingbird feeder in the summer -LRB- easily the best hummingbird feeder we have ever used -RRB- and it helps to keep the feeder shaded in sun and dry when it rains . We use it in the winter with a regular seed feeder for winter birds , and it keeps the seed dry and free of snow . It has held up very well being outside 24/7 all year round for at least 5 years now , and it 's still going strong .
 Have n't had a squirrel even attempt to get on the feeder . We used to have squirrels destroy our old hummingbird feeders - now they do n't bother.The hummers seem to like it though . We have three hummingbirds constantly fighting each other to get on the feeder .
 This Humbrella Dome is well made and is a good quality product . It looks beautiful together with the Hummzinger feeder.I have placed the Humbrella Dome on one of the lower hangers on the Gardman wild bird feeding stand near the corner of our backyard . I have used the two holders on the stand for placing two 4 '' pots of flowering plants , which partially surround the Hummzinger feeder attached to the Humbrella Dome . The dome protects the feeder from rain water , which is not clean and not good for the hummers . The dome is a terrific idea , and when rain is in the forecast you do n't need to worry about removing the feeder . Besides , the hummers can drink and rest while being protected from the rain.I highly recommend this product !
 This solarized cover is a very nice complement to the Aspects Hummzinger High View . If your hummingbird feeder ever receives direct sunlight -LRB- which is not optimal -RRB- this cover can lessen the heating effect of the sun 's rays . Hummingbirds much prefer to drink nectar that is on the cool side.However , I did encounter two quality control issues on the unit that I purchased . First , one of the screws was cross-threaded . So , I could not hang the cover . I called Aspects toll free and they were very nice about sending out another entire hardware package , even though I only asked for another screw . Still , one of my Hummzinger High Views had to hang unshielded for about a week in the middle of the summer . Second , the solarizing material is a film sandwiched between the polycarbonate that comprises the cover . In one area it stuck out about a millimeter beyond the edge of the polycarbonate . THAT MADE THE BOTTOM EDGE OF THE COVER VERY SHARP . I have often seen my hummingbirds , when startled , fly -LRB- backwards -RRB- up into to the edge of such covers . I sanded the entire edge -LRB- like I do all polycarbonate edges because they are always too sharp for birds in my opinion -RRB- but I just could not get it smooth enough for my liking . So , I ran a ring of tape around the entire lower edge . That solved the problem , but if you do this make sure that you use a tape that is not too sticky and that will not peel . Hummingbirds should never be allowed to potentially come into contact with something as sticky as duct tape , for example . I used blue Scotch Brand masking tape . It has lasted well , and even if it were to peel a little before I notice , it is not a particularly sticky tape . However , I wish that all birding companies that make polycarbonate items would make a better effort at finishing the sharp cut edges .
 I love hummingbirds . I love these umbrellas too . They are great in the winter when it 's raining , and in the summer it provides a little shade for these wonderful little birds . I purchased most of mine years ago and they are sturdy and well made . Well worth the investment . I 'm sure the little guys love it too when they get protection from the weather 's elements .
 does what it is suposed to . built very well . and durable . kind of small should only be used with a hummingbird feeder .
 Exactly what I wanted and needed . Hummers love it too ! They say I need more words this is the one
 I found this online and ordered to try to keep my feeder from getting watered down from rain and such . While it is very nice , in the meantime I found the exact same product for one third the price .
 This is a wonderful product for keeping the nectar a bit cooler during this heatwave . The hummers do not mind it at all and are visiting in droves . My one issue is not really about the product , but with the packaging . It looked like the domes had been torn open from the plastic wrap before they were put in the box . The hooks were missing and I had to go the hardware store before I could hang them . Of course , that is not a problem with the product . It is great . : -RRB-
 This product works well protecting the hummingbird feeder from ants and rain . It also minimizes evaporation . A little pricey but it does what it is advertized to do . I wish someone would invent a way to keep the hornets away .
 this bbq is exactly what i need . small , no side burner , and a warming rack . it was fairly easy to assemble . the instructions could have been a little bit more informative though .
 I 'm new at gardening and this tool definitely makes me feel like a pro . At first it was awkward to use since , again , I 'm new but did n't take long to adjust . It 's strong in its grip but in some weed that were over grown -LRB- left to grow too long -RRB- I had to search for the bottom of the root before stabbing it with this tool.With such strong grip , do expect to have some collateral damage . This tool grabs everything withing the 4 forks . I wish the pole was a bit longer though . I 'm 5 ' 10 '' and still have to bend down just a tad to use this fully .
 At a family gathering my brother brought out this weed root remover . We all laughed at the sight of it . But when he demostrated how it works we were all asking we to find one . I found my here on amazon . Fast shipping love it !
 Got this at Lowes for $ 25 . Was a bit skeptical about durability with all the plastic , but the unit does feel sturdy and the jaws were stainless steel.Took it home to try it out on the neglected unseen side of my yard . The side that does not get watered in the summer so the only thing green are the weeds . At first , it took a few tries to get use to , realizing that the end of the lever is not to be stepped on , it is used to leverage against the ground while rocking the handle back . This motion closes the jaw and pulls the weed up with all of the roots ! Once I got use to the the way the tool is design to function , everything worked out great . I am so impress that I am actually revieweing a weed puller . Care is taken more on making sure the four jaws are centered over the stem of the offending weed . Seems to work better on the mature bigger weeds rather than the softer smaller ones . Although with more experience , that is something I can regulate by how deep the jaws gets pushed into the weed/ground . I use to get an old screw driver to dig around the weeds while stooped over and still end up breaking off the roots . I would get discouraged and resort to chemicals , but then the kids and pets have to stay off the yard for a while . Now we are chemical free and no more bending over.Fiskar has good reputations for quality and it has a lifetime warranty against defects . I have bought them for my parents and recommended them to my friends and neighbors . So far no regerets , and no warranty claims needed .
 I have a terrible crabgrass problem in my back yard and the spray weed killers do n't seem to affect crabgrass at all . I decided to look around and see what kind of weed pullers were available at the local home supply stores . I saw a weed puller at Home Depot that had heavy wire prongs , a foot pedal to drive it into the ground and a knob at the top of it . I thought about buying it but decided to go across the street to Lowe 's and see what they had . That is where I found the Fiskars version of a weed puller . I was impressed with the design , especially the heavy duty stainless steel jaws as compared the the flimsy looking wire jaws on the one at Home Depot . It was on sale for $ 22.00 compared to $ 29.00 for the other brand so I decided to buy it . As soon as I got home I went to war with my crabgrass . Now I 'm the kind of person that try 's something new first and when all else fails read the instructions so it took a little while to get the hang of it . At first I was pulling the clumps of crabgrass off the jaws by hand and then I found out that all you have to do is grab the slide on the handle and shove it forward and the crabgrass is ejected . Very slick design . When I pull out the crabgrass clumps I just toss them aside to mulch when I mow unless I see a seed stem . I will pull them out and toss them in the neighbors yard , -LRB- no , just kidding -RRB- those go in the trash . As with most of my reviews I give a very high rating because I am so impressed by the design and function . If it is some mediocre product I usually do n't bother with a review . So far I am winning the crabgrass wars .
 I never thought I 'd pay $ 30 for a weed puller but , having tried a few cheaper types of weeding tools , I figured I had to do something . Frankly , I was so skeptical that I did n't throw the box out or even remove the attached instruction card -- so convinced was I that I would be returning it.Well , I have been using it for the last couple of days and I am so pleased with it I 've just ordered another one -LRB- so my spouse can get out there and pull those * $ @ # * -LRB- & @ # _ weeds too ! -RRB- . Okay , I ca n't say that I had FUN exactly , but I have to admit I was almost happy to find another dandelion or thistle just for the sheer joy of pulling it up without the slightest effort . It successfully yanked up large-rooted weeds in my lawn area , in a bare soil area and in a section covered in wood chips -LRB- although the wood chips proved harder to remove from the tines -RRB- . True , as someone previously mentioned , you have to position the tool carefully over the center of the weed -LRB- although if do n't , it 's no big deal , you just give it another shot -RRB- . And yes , it does n't pull up the entire tap root -LRB- you 'd need three sticks of dynomite to do that -RRB- but it gets up enough of the root mass that it 's doubtful the darned thing will grow again.I highly recommend this tool and I feel that , despite its high initial cost , it can definitely save money on less effective tools or -- heaven forbid -- chemical herbicides !
 I like this product very much - It does exactly what it says it will and you can stand up while weeding . However sometimes the weeds do not fall right out or the squeezzing mechanism stays closed and one has to manually open it again to use it to dispose of the next week . The is the only failure . I have only used it twice so far so let 's see how annoying that really gets over time . Thank goodness it is not an expensive product .
 I have a back problem , so pulling weeds is a night mare . With this I was able to pull out weeds , that were as tall as I am , with very little effort . I had one years ago and swore by it . It disappeared and I was so very pleased to be able to replace it . I totaly suggest it fo any one who hates to pull weeds . The bigger the weed the better it works . It also removes the intire root about 99 % of the time .
 mom loves this tool for gardening she says ... just put in ground and weeds pop right out . with no effort at all . should have gotten this years ago . way better than the claw ... no twisting or anything , , , , love it
 This is a great product that will rip out any weed and it beats all the other I have tried -- weed hog or whatever that green thing is , and grandpas ' weeder . It 's not 100 % though as some dandelions that grow close to cement sidewalk are hard to get . You almost have to dig a huge hole to get at them .
 Once you get the hang of it its a wonder . I am sure that it could be better in some ways , but I have yet to find anything else comparable . You can stand and do an area and at the end bend over and pick up the uprooted weeds and cart them off . Truly a back saver . All my neighbors actually come over and look as the wonder how I get so much done in so little time . Yes , they envy my weeder ...
 I have used this weeder quite frequently for the last several weeks and I must say I am impressed with the overall results I have received . A neighbor had a weed hound which initially sparked my interest and I was about to order one when I came across a review for fiskers . No comparison . The weed hound is great maybe for dandelions , however I had dallasgrass and crabgrass and it would have been useless . Great product for my home use . I little expensive but my back is pain free .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000F99IGI/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThis tool chases dandelion weeds down to the root tip , even when they are sprouting in driveway hard pack . Expensive , but well designed and made to last . Long handle spares your back , and weed captured in the tines can be cleaned of root soil and ejected cleanly to reset the tool for the next weed .
 I did n't know what to expect when I ordered this but must say it works quite well -LRB- unless ground is rock hard -RRB- ; once you get going it is quite addictive !
 For those who really like this product , can anyone tell me if this will work in heavy clay soils ? I 've tried the garden claw , which works , but the effort to move it in clay soils ended up in an ER visit later . I do n't have an issue with dandelions , but do spend much of the season pulling up ragweed and other southwest weeds with a bad back .
 I originally purchased this weed popper 5 years ago at Menards ... after many years of heavy use it broke last summer . Much to my distress I was no longer able to locate this item in the stores ... they now sell another one that is terribly inferior . I was willing to pay much more online to get 2 more of these ... they are that good . And now my hubby and I can pop dandelions at the same time . : -RRB-
 This thing is a must have for weeding without having to bend over , works exceptionally well on deep rooted dandilions , I love this tool , highly recommend it to all avid gardeners .
 This is an excellent way , chemical free , to weed your yard . It pulls entire weed , roots and all , with very little effort .
 This tool is the best weed remover I 've ever seen for getting those dandelions , thistles and other weeds with tap roots out of the lawn . It removes the entire weed , with the root included , in one easy operation . It works so slick that taking those dandelions out is actually fun .
 I was skeptical about buying this , and even more so when i took it out of the box . but once i figured out how it works which was really easy i was hooked . i 've recommended it to all my gardening friends ...
 This is an AMAZING tool . The four fork-like blades are inserted around the crown of any weed -LRB- especially DANDELIONS -RRB- . Then you step on the pedal and pry up the weed . The blades dig in and then GRIP the crown , allowing you to pull out the root of even tough nasty weeds . And if the weed is a prickly weed , you do n't have to wear gloves to pull it . This is the best gift for ANY gardener and you will love it . I adore this thing .
 Clever design.Back saver.My only gripe with this item is that it leaves a rather large hole in the ground.Typically 1-1 .5 '' in diameter or more . . Do n't know if narrower tines would solve that problem . Otherwise an excellent device .
 My wife and I both find this to be a usefull tool . It pulls deep weeds out without bending over and with little effort.It is not , however , a weeding cureall as it is better suited to large weeds and tears up too much lawn for use on many small weeds .
 works great on dandelions pulls all or most of the root some divots
 This is an excellent tool for manually removing deeply-rooted weeds like dandelions and thistles from the yard if you do n't want to use herbicide and are impatient to fix a weed problem . It takes a few passes to learn how to use the tool most efficiently , but I really enjoy using it . It offers plenty of leverage and is light and handy and well-engineered . The weed ejection feature is very nice and quite effective . The orange markings make it easy to find in the grass if I set the tool down .
 Purchased as part of a gardening mother 's day gift . She raves about it ! She does n't have to get on her hands and knees anymore . Her friends have asked to borrow it for weekend projects . She could n't be happier !
 Wow ! What an incredible yard tool ! This tool made easy work of weeding of a typically long chore of hand-pulling broad-leaf and smaller weeds that plaque a lawn . This perfect tool made an hour long weekend task of weeding my lawn down to 15 minutes . I even ventured outside the normal bounds into my neighbor 's lawn to stop the encroachment of weeds . No more bending , kneeling , and getting grass stained fingers . For those that want the perfect lawn - while either reducing or eliminating the use of weed prevention formulas - this tool is a must purchase - this price of mid $ 30 make it a steal . This tool has entered my top five favorite products that includes
 I love it . Every time a dandelion pops this tool gets it out right .
 I bought one of these several years ago and fell in love with it . It pulls up weeds almost effortlessly with little bending over . You put the bottom prongs over the weed , rock forward on the lever with your foot then back while you are standing up -LRB- not on your knees -RRB- and the weed is pulled up , roots and all . I recently bought another one for my son and daughter in law and weeded about 8 bags of weeds out of their back yard ! It works !
 I like this product because it 's light weight , easy to store away and I like it 's design . You do n't have to go down on your knees and no bending over is necessary . I like the shot gun style pumping action to remove the weed from the device . I think the only negative is the price -LRB- just under $ 40 -RRB- . But hey , if I do n't have to strain my back and knees pulling weeds then it 's worth it !
 I love this garden gadget ! And I hate to garden or mow but alas , I live in a neighborhood with a homeowners association . My neighbors are in awe and amazement at how fast I can pull out my weeds and their roots without getting on my knees and having to take a screwdriver to pull out the deep roots of those frustrating weeds . I was lucky to have found mine on sale at Target three years ago . My mom had to order it for full price plus shipping online but well worth it considering the time and effort saved . It 's easy to use
 I was very impressed with product - ordered 4 more for my relatives . Thank you !
 This weeder is easy to use and is great for removing weeds when you do n't want to use chemicals on your lawn . It is high quality so I will get plenty years of use .
 This product worked as maker described . It is a real time saver for me . I only wish the handle was a little stronger than plastic .
 Fiskars UpRoot Weeder # 7870With arthritic hands and an intense dislike for spending hours bending over while blood rushes to my head , I surveyed the weeds in my flower beds with great frustration . The Fiskars Uproot Weeder seemed to be the answer to my problem . Although I had some doubts , I 'm happy to say that it really works ! I received it promptly and immediately went outside and tested it . Success and pain-free ! I highly recommend it for folks with my problems and even for folks who have become slaves to stabbing and pulling at the weeds only to suddenly hear the dreaded sound of a fat root breaking in half !
 This is the greatest thing since sliced bread . It really works and beats the heck out of getting down on hands and knees to pull weeds . Get yourself one , you will love it .
 I have only had this tool 1 day , but I can tell you it does exactly what it claims . I wish I had found out about this a long time ago . This tool leaves nothing to be desired , it is perfect.I can not speak to it 's durability , but it seems well made and I expect no problems . I have lots of Fiskars tools and they are all the top in their field . I wish I could give this more than 5 stars . The folks at Fiskars really do their homework when they design a tool . Of course they charge top dollar , but they are worth it .
 Works great , just received yesterday and started pulling weeds with my 2.5 year old grandson . I have some tall deep rooted weeds and it worked great . Some of the weeds were so big , a second grab was necessary , but really understandable . When my 13 year old grandson came over , they both worked as a team pulling weeds . The older one pulling , the younger one bagging . Since it started raining , I hope to get them back for some more fun weeding . My only concern is the pulling mechanism , I hope it lasts , I will update if it becomes a problem .
 Grandpa 's Weed PullerI find very few products advertised on T.V. that i would even consider . This product lives up to all that was promised in the ad . It is one of the most valuable tools in my tool collection . This is a four star piece of equipment that I would recommend to anyone .
 Fiskars has sone it again . This is the easiest weeder I have ever used . It works on small and very large weeds . It works so well , other people I know have bought one from just trying it once . It also works on crabgrass or anything else you want to pull out of the ground .
 I bought an Uproot Weeder several years ago at a local store and I 've used it so much that I 'm afraid it will eventually break . So far it has n't shown any sign of wear ; it 's just a little dirty.I wanted to buy another one for a backup but I could n't find one in the local stores . I decided to shop for a spare weeder online and was very happy to find one because I think that Fiskars no longer manufactures the tool.I recommend the tool to all of my gardening friends - it 's a real back saver.If Fiskars has discontinued the UpRoot Weeder in their product line , I think they need to reconsider their decision .
 Great product - easy 5-minute learning curve . I have had a spinal fusion and I can use this to weed !
 This thing really works and works well ! I 've showed all my neighbors how easily the Uproot weeder works , and now they all want one too . My neighbor 's kids are convinced it 's a toy , and fight over who gets to `` play '' with it :-RRB- . It really is n't effective in very rocky soil , but what is ?
 This sprayer is really good for home use . I like the metal pump handle and spray hadle . The tank is solid and does feel cheap . Better quality than what I found at the BIG chain home centers for around the same price .
 This is a very well-made pump up sprayer . It is much heavier duty than the ones you typically find at the larger `` box '' stores , so the quality of the sprayer itself is a `` five star '' in my opinion . I was hoping that this more `` professional '' sprayer would come with a spray head that would adjust to be fine enough to use for indoor spraying of insecticide products , similar to those used by professional pest control companies . Unfortunately , the head on the sprayer that I received is really no different than those that come standard with the cheaper sprayers , which results in more product being dispensed than desired . In addition , when adjusted to the lowest volume of spray , the head drips after spraying , which is another problem with it . I do believe this sprayer will last a long time given the quality of construction , and perhaps I can find a different spray head which will accomplish the fine mist spray that I am trying to achieve .
 I 've been much happier with this tank sprayer than the average unit you find at a hardware store or garden center . There are more metal components -LRB- plunger , wand -RRB- than most and this adds to heft and durability . Pressurization and spray patterns are about on par with cheaper sprayers - fine , nothing exceptional but gets the job done . The only slight negative is I wish it were easier to see the water level from the outside , you can sort of see it depending on the light , but not reliably .
 It 's not super fancy , but it 's effective ; about like grandpa 's old metal sprayer , but poly-ethlsomething so it 's more durable . I like the brass fittings , but the tip seems to change spray pattern with the pressure you pump into it . Not sure if it 's me or just a strange tip . Overall I like this sprayer and prefer it over the $ 100 backpack sprayer I was using since this sprays forever once you pump it up . I use it for poison and fertilizer , and with soap as well . No complaints - for Amazon 's price this is a perfect sprayer . Like the discharge button too - very conveninent . Jason
 I bought this sprayer so I could spray pesticides myself and stop paying an exterminator $ 400/year . It 's a great quality sprayer and I have n't run into any issues with it yet .
 Bought this sprayer , better than other locally sold sprayers great deal for the money . I used it for insecticide and was very happy way with its ' performance especially the adjustment for mist to spray . Another added plus is the wand is solid brass instead of plastic .
 This sprayer is fantastic . I had bought the big box stores sprayers and they had become pieces of garbage through the years . The last one I bought was bad from day one . This spryer is great . It is sturdy , the pump handle is sturdy , and the valve is wonderful . It is just well made . I am so impressed , I am going to purchase another one for the garden .
 Found this sprayer worth the extra $ $ . I primarily use it to spray fruit trees and roses and it delivers good coverage for the foliage .
 Great quality sprayer ! It works well and is very well made . Great price at Amazon ! Nozzle works effectively and efficiently !
 This is a great sprayer if your doing your own pest control . Much better quality that the sprayers you find at lowes and HD .
 I used this sprayer various times to fumigate around the house . The canister and pump works fantastically and are very durable . The only issue is the sprayer . The adjustable tip could be better . You 're unable to adjust the spray width and it tends to leak a bit while you spray . Its still serviceable for the person who wants to save money spraying their own home instead of hiring expensive fumigators . In short , its worth purchasing it for the quality of the canister and pump , which are more important . Use the tip until it wears out or you can purchase a better quality gun .
 It 's a great product . Directions were great . Recommended by our son . Easy to clean . Would highly recommend this if you want an easy sprayer to use .
 Although I have not used this product I can tell by looking at the parts it is a quality product . I am so sick of buying gallon sprayers at the big box stores and then they only last 2 to 3 times . With the Chapin , if a part breaks I can order a replacement instead of having to toss the sprayer .
 Many earlier reviews covered the little quirks of this product ... The dribbling tip . The lack of a spill proof mechanism.I read them took heed and saw the same issues with my Chapin 21210 . BUT THEY WERE N'T deal breakers ... The mist head is beautifully fine and the adjustment head left a wide arc 90 degree cone to a fine point and shoot stream.The metal handle metal tip and metal tube all appear to be made of STURDY stuff . The O rings seem to come from some section of rawhide and may need replaced if not kept lathered in silicone grease -LRB- thank goodness I Scuba dive -RRB- . I DID NOT find a carry strap despite there being two beautiful holes for one on either side of the unit.I found pumping a but of an effort BUT DOES THIS THING EVER HOLD PRESSURE ! I filled her up pumped for about 10 full pushes and locked the lever in place . Held the trigger and let the whole deal empty ... I ran out of patience as the thing sprayed longer than it took to finish my ice tea ... coffee ... biscuit and granola bar . . I decided waiting any longer would get dreadfully fattening . In steps the pressure relief valve ... It turns out I 'd nearly sprayed the thing dry!Like my usual Scuba paranoia dictated I was careful when opening the top NOT TO TOUCH the O rings as the gook and grime from human hands can do murder on seals -LRB- doggie hair can be lethal for divers by causing leaky o-rings and seals too ! -RRB- The filter cap on the intake hose was a glorified plastic straw with a mess of holes in it . Not exactly sturdy people , but not that it 's really an issue for my intended use . I would n't mind it if there was some form of metal tube for intake an a sturdy filter mechanism that can be blasted with gasoline or diesel fuel.Neat items ... THE PRESSURE RELIEF is wonderful for fizzing out the last of the air and well thought out . The lock pump handle does take a bit of brute force to get in place.All in all this unit has nice beefy knobs a nice large cap and wide leavers making it easier to manage for arthritic hands .
 I use this to do my own home pest spraying . I use Talstar P or Tempo depending on what I 'm targeting , as recommended by a friend that is a professional . I wanted a nicer one than the cheap lawn and garden ones you get at the big stores . This fit the bill for the most part , and is leaps better than the all plastic ones.I have a few complaints however , albeit small . First the nozzle that comes with it is a cone nozzle tip , and if you 're spraying a home , I prefer a fan tip -LRB- Chapin 3-6001 -RRB- and feel the cone tip is fairly useless , causing you to apply too much product . Also I have found when I am using low pressure indoors , if I lift wand up vertically to spray a window seal or door jam , there can be a few large droplets leak out of the tip . Finally , this is nit picky , and I really like how sturdy and solid the tank is , but I wish there was some sort of sight glass showing how much liquid is in the tank , for mixing purposes and knowing how much product you have left while applying . The picture can be misleading , it is not translucent plastic , it is solid grey.All in all , it is a great product for the price , and after a significant amount of research before I bought , I 've found this to be the best bang for your buck . That has been reaffirmed over the last few months of use.Word of advice , get a crappy one for lawn chemical sprays etc , and reserve this one specifically for home pesticide use ! You 'll be happy with it .
 I 'll simply pile on
 I 've been using this sprayer for one week now and I am very pleased with it . It feels very solid and sprays perfectly . I am using it to spray weed killer in my flower beds and I feel it gives me good accuracy as to spray just the weeds and not my plants . Better off paying a couple bucks more for this sprayer than getting a cheap one that will only last one season .
 a substantial step up from the selection at home depot and lowes . you got ta keep the pressure in the tank up though if you want zero drip when you let go of the lever ; even then it 's not perfect . both the tank and wand are of robust construction and the pressure purge lever is nice . i bought 2 -LRB- one for insecticides and one for herbicides -RRB- and they should last me a good long time . my only gripe is that the hose is a little stiff .
 The shipping was awesome . It got here 5 days early . The plant was shriveled up but as soon as I watered it , it perked up and is growing great . They also included a free heat pack and most places charge for one .
 I 'll start by saying that the service and shipping were excellent . This plant was everything shown in the ad and a very cool and unique addition to my indoor garden . I could n't be more satisfied with this purchase .
 My first order of spheres , AND first order with particular vendor . Offered best prices I could find on 50mm leaded crystal spheres . Shipment arrived in timely manner , products well packed . Spheres were lovely , `` crystal clear '' , no scratches . With that , I was very disappointed with quality of drill holes for hanging ! Edges around holes were sharp , and not clean-cut through . I hope that does not cause them to eventually crack ; I have mine hanging from ceilings on ribbon ... ouch . But , they look great . Will order again , but only after I talk to someone about those drill holes .
 I hung this crystal in my bedroom window years ago , and I still love the feeling of waking up to rainbows dancing around my walls.Honestly , it 's a friggin crystal guys -- it 's basically impossibly hard to mess this one up !! Just buy it and stop stressing yourself out . Sheesh !
 This Crystal 50mm Feng Shui Prism from Amazon is too lovely for words ! I have it hanging in my window and it creates all the colors of the rainbow in my room , thanks to the afternoon Sun . It gives me so much pleasure.I purchased 3 more as gifts to special friends and I know they will love them .
 I did n't realize the size of these but I am truly glad I ordered them -LRB- 6 -RRB- . They are large and beautiful . I have them hanging from the ceiling in front of all the entrances inside the house and other stagnant areas . This is a Feng Shui must .
 For $ 4.98 and free shipping , I did n't expect much . This item arrived fast . It 's really huge . I 'd agree with the person who said the drilled hole area might could 've been better . But it 's so minor , it 's not worth worrying over , especially for the price . There are lots of facets and it looks great in the window . It came with some monofilament attached , which I cut off to make it longer .
 I use it for Feng Shui , it 's a beautiful crystal . It 's nicely cut . I use a fishing line to hang it . This product came promptly . I 'm happy with it .
 Got 4 of them just before Christmas a perfect addition for our tree . Bigger than what I was expecting . Great price
 THE GREATEST FUNG SHUI TOOL ONE CAN HAVE ! BRINGS GREAT POSITIVE ENERGY TO A ROOM HOUSE OR ANY LOCATION !
 Enjoyed the products purchase and will continue to purchase more ! Thank you so much and I will keep in touch !
 I had small -LRB- maybe 10-20 mm -RRB- crystal ball prisms in my windows of my eat in kitchen -- but they were misplaced . I ordered these to replace them , and they arrived quickly and ready to hang . By contrast , I purchased another crystal ball prism at the same time -LRB- different company/product -RRB- -- the ball is pretty , but it came without the wire/thread , and I still have n't been able to find something so I could hang it . In the meantime , these pretty 50 mm crystal ball prisms have been hanging up in my windows for weeks , and through dozens of rainbows all over my kitchen whenever the sun shines in . I had no idea you could purchase such large crystals , and had n't realized how big 50 mm was . Given what I 'd paid for the smaller ones , years ago , these were a great price and I 'm pleased with my purchase !
 My two year old twin grandsons were getting excited aboutthe small `` rainbow '' that formed on their living room walleach afternoon . My daughter asked me if Icould find an old prism that I 'd bought for her when she was a child.I knew I 'd never find it ... but I did better than that ! I orderedthis wonderful prism from Amazon , and we hung it in their bedroom window.At a certain time each afternoon , she now shouts , `` Rainbow Time , `` and they run into their room to see the many , many rainbowsdecorating their walls . If we tap the prism slightly , the rainbowsdance around the room . It is truly magical both ways . At thisprice all children could have magical rainbows at their houses!This was one of the best purchases for the twins that this dotinggrandmother has ever made , and believe me , I have made LOTS ofthem !! Even adults enjoy this sight ; it would make a lovely gift foranyone !! I ca n't recommend it highly enough !!!!
 Throws beautiful rainbows all over the room . It 's larger that I thought it would be . It 's tangerine sized , heavy and great quality .
 Nice piece , Large size makes for lots of rainbows in your room . My GF loved it . Highly recommend as it arrived lightning fast from shipper .
 Precious little reminder to visiters . I 've had this up all spring and summer and the color has not faded at all . Order this to place next to your driveway if you love your dogs like we do .
 I bought this flag because we have 2 dogs that play in the yard , and I knew my daughter would get a kick out of the flag . It is so cute ! The material is sturdy , so I do n't worry about ripping or wind damage . Yhe colors are great . Just a very cute flag .
 I live in a `` doggy neighborhood '' . I have received many good comments on my flag from my dog loving friends.It is displayed in front of my house under the birch tree where many dog visitors assemble and feel free to play .
 Love this flag . It is very cute and looks just like the picture . The quality seems very good.Hope that people pay attention to the flag . Wish that is was printed onn both sides so that you could read it going and oming up the street .
 This has to be the cutest little flag I 've ever seen . Ca n't wait to put it out so everyone will know to slow down
 Go Slow Dogs Playing is so adorable . I just had topurchase it . Our Cairn Terrier , Maggie , loves to gooutside in our front yard to visit with her canineand human friends and of course with supervisionfrom her human Dad and Mom . The flag is perfect toalert people that there are pets in the neighborhood.Our Maggie and her human Mom & Dad thank Amazon forhaving such a product available for pet owners !!
 i absolutely love this !! hung it at the bottom of my driveway and get so many comments on it !! would recommend the company to others .
 This is the cutest garden flag I have ever seen so I bought it ! And I must say that I have the cutest flag in the neighborhood :-RRB- COlor is rich and vibrant , still looking good after this spring and summer . Ca n't wait for next season : -RRB-
 wanted a flag that had this saying on it . looked and looked I hope when it wears out I can find another one just like it . I love it !!
 I thought this set looked so expensive . I have seen sets at the same price and being 10 pieces but this is a great savings . We love it so much we eat out every night . I reccomend this to everyone . The service was great and the quality great . I was almost surprised . It is not hard to put together the chairs come assembled . Thank you for such a great deal .
 I bought this set and have been completely pleased with it . It is very stylish and so far no complaints . I would recommend it .
 I was very happy with the service.All chairs recline and it was easy to assemble .
 I was searching for a pair of chaise lounges when I saw this patio set . For what I expected to pay for two loungers , I have a versatile set that works as the two loungers I wanted , provides two more chairs at the table , and all six chairs have reclining backs . Assembly was easy and we are really enjoying our purchase .
 Harbor Views furniture is great . It has more versatility than most furniture and is light yet durable , and the price is right .
 this is probably one of the most convenient water bottles I have ever seen.it 's lightweight , yet tough as nails . easy to fill & clean , easy to hang on the cage , my animals have no trouble with it ... I am very pleased with this purchase & I believe you will be too .
 USED IT FOR SPRAYING MY LOG CABIN ... WORKED GREAT HANDLED STAIN FINE.I WILL RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT . KEEP IT CLEAN FOR LONG SERVICE
 I used these roach along with a bait and have n't seen or caught any roaches recently . It 's a good product .
 I recently purchased a packet of these because a small species of fly decided to use my lizard 's cage for breeding purposes . I would pick out at least 4 flies a day and it had become a hassle as the flies soon decided to bother me and my roommate . I put a strip up last night and there are already over 20 flies on the paper . Better yet , I have n't had one flying around my face at all today . The only complaint I have is that there is n't a small area on the very end of the strip that is n't sticky . This invariably leads to the sticky product getting on your wall . But , asides from that , it 's a excellent product at an excellent price .
 good item , am very happy it is not made in china . i looked everywhere in hardware store and they didnt have them so am happy amazon did the job . the ribbons is very useful indoor and outdoor .
 Length :
 I grow tropical plants indoors . Some fungus gnats soon fall in love with the damp soil and multiply like crazy . Although they are small and have the good diet habit of eating fungus , their inclination to fly around the computer monitors and our heads eventually motivate me to impose population control.My first attempt isGarden Safe All Natural Houseplant & Garden Insect Killer - 24 oz Spray 10422X , which does provide the satisfaction of instant result . But the gnat population always rebounds and I get sick of the work , so I find these glue ribbons at Walmart at a good price and give them a try.At first , the ribbon does not seem to work and I worry that it may have been meant for full-size flies instead of tiny gnats . After a few days , however , gnat attacks become quite infrequent and their corpses begin to accumulate on the ribbon . I still see one around the plants from time to time , but extermination has never been my goal . This fly ribbon serves its purpose already .
 We bought this to pick up Pecans from 2 huge trees at my In-Laws house.I used it for 2 + hours and it really works great!My only gripes is that it 's a little small , maybe 30 % larger would be nice . Too many trips back and forth to the bucket :-RRB- Also I am average height - 5 ' 10 '' and the handle needed to be just a few inches taller.But it really works great ! It saved my back for sure .
 The item itself is working out great . However , I did not do any local searching before I searched online . After receiving this product I just happened to be in my local TSC Store and found it for a few dollars cheaper . Which is no discord to this product . Like I said in the beginning ... the product works fine .
 This will lift nuts from the ground , and contain them , and simplify the task of putting them into a container . It is easier than grasping nuts repeatedly with your fingers , and easier on the back . However , it 's still just a nut gatherer , and I refuse to be the kind of guy who gives 5 star glowing reviews to a nut-oriented appliance .
 I did n't know that the wee wayward bunny I found needed a salt like until I spoke to my mother about him . He took to it right away . The hanging device is very handy .
 This product replaces a plastic trap I previously had . Plastic trap was chewed thru by mouse . This metal trap is much better and a little dab of peanut butter allowed me to catch 4 mice within the first hour of placement . For easy disposal of vermin , I recommend flat glue mats placed inside trap . This allows for easier disposal and keeps mice in place .
 I 've owned 2 of these traps for quite a while . They never fail to catch the mice , which are then released outside , unharmed . For people with a decent respect for nature , the drive to a release spot is no burden.Another reviewer said `` For easy disposal of vermin , I recommend flat glue mats placed inside trap . '' -- THIS IS CRUEL AND LAZY . Better to buy an instant-kill trap than to put these small animals through AGONY.They is a great joy in the release of a mouse where mice belong , and knowing you did no harm . With the use of this catch-and-release trap , you can remain a kind person.At this writing Amazon said the product was no longer available . A Google search on pro-ketch will return many sources for this humane product .
 I had a mouse problem in my car . Each afternoon after work , I would come out to find various items chewed at and nibbled on in my car , and I figured if I did n't act quickly , they would start in on the wiring on my car . My first attempt was to buy a couple of the traditional spring-loaded traps and take them out that way -LRB- at first I thought I only had one mouse -RRB- . The spring trap worked within minutes and killed a mouse which I then fed to my son 's pet snake . -LRB- at least the mouse did n't die in vain ... -RRB- A day later , I find the same telltale signs that I still have a mouse problem , so I set the spring trap up again to take care of it . Each day I baited it a little heavier , and each day I would come out to find the trap licked clean without having been tripped . These mice were too small to trigger the trap , so I figured I needed another solution . I 'm fairly certain now that the first mouse I caught was the largest of the bunch , and most likely the mother.I 'm not fond of sticky traps - I 'm a softy and if I 'm going to kill something I 'd rather it be fast and serve a purpose other than just death . -LRB- I like to fish , but if I 'm not going to eat the fish , I throw it back - that sort of mentality -RRB- So , I found this trap on Amazon . I picked it up for two reasons - it catches multiple mice , and it contains them without harming them . And it worked like a charm.I set the trap in the trunk of my car with some fruit loops in it -LRB- they work because they 're sweet and very fragrant -RRB- , and that afternoon upon returning to my car I find SIX baby mice trapped inside , huddled in a corner nibbling on fruit loops.On the way home , I set them free in a field away from civilization and 10 miles from my home -LRB- I 've heard horror stories about the same mice coming back if you set them free less than a couple miles away -RRB- . I set the trap up for another week in my trunk and never caught another mouse , and I 've seen no sign of them since.I highly recommend this product
 We 've gotten several brands and there 's no significant differences between them . Therefore , it 's hard to justify a 5-star rating for this one . 4 stars seem fair.For anyone interested in trying a live trap , however , should take note the BIG advantages to live traps : - You can catch multiple mice at once . - You do n't end up with squashed brains on or around the trap . - No bait is necessary -LRB- though it sure does help -RRB- . - No snapping your fingers trying to set a trap . - They 're pet-friendly . Your dogs will not be eating poison or bruising their noses . - They have a transparent viewing window , which allows you to visually taunt the mice . - You have lower odds of getting Leptospirosis , since you 're less likely to accidentally touch a dead/dying mouse . - You can catch baby mice . - Releasing the mouse -LRB- and therefore saving its life -RRB- will allow you to feel like you 're a good person , regardless of whether you are or not.The downside is perhaps that the disease-carrying , greedy , annoying , furry little workers of Beelzebub did not get the grotesque or torturous death they so deserve . Unless you leave them in the live trap and let them starve to death ... but then it 'd be confirmed that you are a bad person.I drive them a few miles out of town and release them by some wooded area ... I prefer to let them go in the woods , several miles from our house .
 I live in a very rural area and have mice living in my SUV . I have trapped 61 mice in one week with this placed inside my vehicle . I use bird seed as bait . I 'm ordering more !
 Moving to a new development , I quickly learned that the mice love my garage . After having a family of mice setting up residence in my car , I quickly bought this mousetrap . I do n't want the mouse dead , I just want them out of my house . This mousetrap caught 3 mice the first week . I am a manager at a food manufacturing facility and this type of trap is an industry standard . They work so well due to the instincts of a mouse to stay along edges of a room . Place this trap against a wall and it will work . The mechanism is designed so well that it also traps baby mice . Be sure to order two for every entrance to your garage . PLace one on the left and one on the right of the doors .
 Before we discovered how the mice were coming in , we used the Pro-Ketch and a Hav-A-Heart trap to get a sense how many were gaining access . The somewhat complicated Hav-A-Heart captured a few , but the Pro-Ketch never failed -- twice we found three mice inside it at once . It 's an amazingly effective and easy-to-clean trap , a breeze to set , and it 's simple to release the mice , too . Highly recommended .
 This trap is the perfect way to catch and release the little field mice . It works great !!!
 This really is the best mouse trap ! It is always set , I 've caught up to three mice in the same trap overnight . And it 's safe ! If you have little children or pets around you do n't have to worry about them getting hurt by one of those spring-loaded traps.When you catch a mouse you can release it live or wait for it to die them dispose of it . Clean the trap and you 're ready to go again.It says `` no bait required . '' I seem to have better success with a little dog food for bait.I bought two and if I had to buy another trap , this would be the only one for me !
 This review is from
 Kness Pro-Ketch arrived by UPS at 6:00 pm -LRB- Amazon Prime -RRB- ; put in our attic at 7:00 pm ; at 9:00 pm it contained a deer mouse . It works ! It probably worked so quickly because the mouse was trained to come to this location for food ; not by choice but because he had escaped several times from other traps built for larger critters . The beastie spent the night in the trap to be was released in the woods the next day . One mouse in the trap often attracts others to enter so multiple catches sometimes occur . These traps do not require bate but it helps.The only drawback is two small holes on the bottom where metal tabs have been pushed up -LRB- probably to hold down sticky glue-trap which I do n't use -RRB- . These holes allow droppings to fall thru when the trap is transported outside to release the mouse . After discovering this the hard way I thought about covering the holes with duct tape when I realized the dropping would stick to the tape . Instead I flattened the tabs with a screwdriveer and small hammer . No more tabs , no more holes .
 Since receiving my Pro-Ketch Mouse Trap on 11/23/11 , I have now caught 37 live , happy mice -LRB- under the kitchen sink of my 300 + yr . old house -RRB- , who are now living elsewhere -- still alive and probably not so happy because it 's cold outside ! Anyway -- I would definitely recommend this product and at the price it is a real bargain , in my opinion .
 We tried several other traps and this one is the best for a live capture trap . Can catch multiple mice at once and easy to inspect with clear lid . Buy this , you will not be disappointed .
 Six and counting , all now happily released to fend for themselves . Easy to open to release but not intimidating . Mice in trap seemed engrossed in eating food inside . Turns out Ryvita fruit and nut rycrisp was perfect inducement without the secondary dangers of peanut butter , etc. .
 This is a handy little product . I caught TWO mice in one trap the first night . . no bait used . I live in the country . . and try to keep mice outside . . they have a tendency to want to go under the house . . so am using these around the base outside . They have proven to catch well . . though you do want to check them regularly . . I caught a frog one day too . . and released him into the pond!Quality of these traps is great . They appear sturdy and should last for a long time . Super easy to use . . just place them against a wall and they will catch ! Easy to check the traps with the window on top . Super happy with this product!I am now ordering FIVE more of these for our outbuildings . They have done a great job of catching mice around the house . .
 used these before will catch multibal mice in one night will work in garage shed or elswhere a ok recomend
 I was looking for a humane mouse trap . I placed a cracker with peanut butter on it , into the far corner of this mouse trap . I caught my mouse in the hour . He spent a night eating the grub and we released him in a field the next morning . I like that I can use the trap again and again .
 Great humaine fix to catch our mouse friends ! Perfect solution to our mouse population in our home in the woods . Easy to use , effective and a good return on investment !
 It 's doing the job it 's supposed to do , and quickly ! The problem I have is the way the top opens like the lid of a chest -- it seems there 's no way to get a controlled exit of mice from the trap . -LRB- I 'm a little freaked out by the idea of the little buggers jumping on me on their way out . -RRB- It would be better -LRB- for me at least -RRB- if there was a sliding-door-type opening . I could put a box against the door opening and just slide the door open and tap or shake until the mice fall into the box.Edit
 This product works great that my fiancee needed . . REALLY WANTED more so that he could give them to his family for the sheds .
 This product is great . There is no mess or dead mice to deal with . I really like how there is no poison or bait required for it to work . I HIGHLY recommend this product . I put the trap down and had a mouse within 5 minutes . During the next 24 hours it would catch 4 more mice .
 I have already caught 2 mice . It works well . No more buying poison , glue strips or snap traps . They are built strong .
 I 've had one of these for 15 years and it has held up well . The long length and light weight enables you to be quicker in catching the fly . This Arrow fly swatter is so good that I ordered another from Amazon to use in another room . And , it is made in the USA . I think you will like this one better than your older one - you wont be disappointed .
 This works good to keep my solar lights standing when I drag the hose around the corner . I am happy the performance .
 They do n't come up very high off the ground , but the hose seems to always find them and catch before tearing through the flower bed . Make sure to plant flowers far enough back so they do n't cover the guides .
 Always a great product . Keeps the spa in clear and clean condition . Great Chemicals . I always use these and they work well .
 All of the products I purchased was great . . I like the Leisure time products . I have found these are great products for my Hottub
 These are great for chicks . Only complaint is that the chicks tend to roost on it . But considering that , it does n't let much mess into the feed . One feeder easily feeds a dozen chicks for a couple days , and gets to be closer to a half day worth of feed at 8-10 weeks .
 Dreamed of languid moments with my lawn mower belt , have it wrapped around the bed post . Shipped on time , arrived on time what more can you ask of a simple belt .
 The chair arrived in perfect condition in new packaging as stated . Arrived before they said it would . Excellent service
 The padded cushioning makes a real difference in comfort . I love reading in these , tied to a tree branch , using the leaves as shade cover.The only problem we have , for which I have removed 1 star , is that the material gets real sweaty on your skin on warm days . This can be remedied by putting a towel between you and the chair but that should have been thought through a little better.The wood and manufacturing seems solid and of quality .
 I bought this for our son who lives in NM . He enjoys sitting in it in the evenings in the shade . The only problem that he has had was not the products fault . He gets some pretty good winds coming through his porch , so he has to attach it to something to keep the wind from blowing all over the place . Not a problem , just as little inconvenience .
 This has got to be one of the best purchases I have ever made through amazon . It was bought as a gift , and has been used almost daily since giving . It is very high quality , and comfortable .
 I set two 2 x 4 's inthe ground , ran a wire on top dropped string down to each plant , then used clips . Tied up 40 plants inan hour . Saved so much time I wish I knew about them sooner . Can use again next year :-RRB- Highly recomemded !!
 This product appears to keep squirrels off of our feeder . Have had one for multiple years and it finally burned out . This year , it has kept a family of four squirrels busy each morning as they try to defeat it . And watching them `` twirl '' is always fun !
 This product not only works , it does provide entertainment value . Get one and watch those cute little squirrels tale a flying leap as they lose their grip from the centrifugal force . They are stunned without without being injured . AND they do learn not to try it more than twice .
 This gadget gave me just the results I was looking for . After one day of use the squirrels stopped climbing on my bird feeder and are confined to the ground where they pick up the dropped seeds . What a cool invention !
 I have a dwindling crowd of nauseated squirrels . It turns just fast enough for them to hang on until they are dizzy ! Not sure what happened for the reviewer who says the squirrels stopped it , but I suggest to be sure to use fresh batteries . Also , make sure that there is a big gap between walls , rails etc. and the feeder . They ca n't stop it unless they have something else for a foothold . I especially like the automatic weight calibration .
 I have a 3 lb suet cake in a wire holder that is for birds but thesquirrels love it too . I have been perplexed at how to keep the squirrelsoff so the birds can enjoy . This product did the trick . It was veryamusing to see the squirrels dilemma . When the squirrels bodywas completely on the wire cage it began turning and the squirrelscould do nothing but jump to the ground . One squirrel tried 4 times in a row but could not stay on the cage . The only draw back is when it is very windy it tends to twirl on it 's own . I am very thankful to have thisproduct and would buy it again .
 This thing is so much fun . The little critters continue to try and figure it out . It 's as much entertaining as it is a deterrent .
 WE WERE SO ENTERTAINED WATCHING THE SQUIRRELS TRY TO STAY ON THE FEEDERS . THEY ARE VERY TRAINABLE AS AFTER ABOUT A WEEK , THEY JUST STAY OFF FROM THE FEEDERS . PERFECT . THANK YOU
 Good value . Well made . Comes with helpful guide to determine correct amount of water needed for each type of plant .
 I use this all the time and my plants are very grateful that I bought it ! Now I do n't over/underwater my potted plants .
 probably much cheaper at your garden store , but that 's inbuilt prime pricing for you . for shipping to my remote area that 's still a bargain to me.bought this and a completely different cheap model -LRB- square-ish-shaped , I 'm sure you can find it -RRB- , to see if I 've been overwatering . apparently I have . surprise . anyway both meters give more or less agree on the reading in every plant I 've tested , so maybe that 's something.not sure if it 's better to just leave it in the last pot tested , or remove + clean every time etc. .
 This is wonderful . Very accurate and I think it 's going to last awhile . So happy to have one . I ca n't find in the stores anywhere
 I was looking for an inexpensive device to measure the water on my pot trees . This works great . I heard that you are not supposed to leave it outside in the plant so I just use it to measure and then it goes back to the drawer .
 A tour of my potted plants , indoors and out , tells me which ones need a drink ! It is amazing how such a simple gadget provides simple plant care !
 I 've read so many bad reviews about these cheap moisture meters that I bought two for my garden so I would have some warning if one was off . While not exact , both seem to read about the same , and both seem to be about right when it comes to the moisture level . I find this particularly handy because while the first inch or so of my soil seems dry , it can be quite wet just below that . I kept over watering my plants . Now not only am I better able to judge when to water , I 'm learning how the slope and soil compostion of my garden affects the drainage , which allows me to spot water the higher and drier areas without saturating the lower and wetter areas . I 've gone from daily watering to watering 2-3 times a week , and the plants are happier for it.Easily worth the price , and if your like me and do n't quite trust them , just buy two .
 I 've had this meter for about a year and it 's still working well . I use it for our vegetable garden so I do n't overwater . Often the soil surface will look dry , but just below the surface , about 3 or 4 '' down it 's plenty moist , so this meter keeps me from over wetting the veggies and causing fungal problems.I recommend it .
 Excellent product that is functional . The documentation describing what types of plants need what levels of moisture could be more extensive .
 I 've had many similar moisture meters . Most work well for awhile and then stop working after a few months . So far this one is working well .
 Very simple item does what it 's supposed to do and appears to be accurate . Be aware that it is not made to leave in the plant . It 's made to stick into the soil as close to the roots as possible , check the reading , then pull it out , wipe it off , and put it away .
 I got this to monitor my lemon tree 's soil moisture - it 's important for most plants to maintain some kind of steady moisture , or to let them dry out in between waterings . This meter allows you to test that deeper levels of soil are at the correct water content before watering them too soon or too late.The probe is long enough to go through almost all the soil in my gallon-sized planter pots , and because the tip of the probe is what it measuring the moisture , you have an idea of what the water content is at various soil depths.Wouldn ' t change a thing about this .
 I purchased one of these from a garden center and I love it . I always wondered why the plants seem to look bad . Here I thought I was n't watering enough . Once I tested all my plants it indicated `` wet '' and not `` moist '' . Here I had been overwatering them . I have a Rubber plant , Peace Lily , Spider plant , Philodendron and a Spike plant . I usually would water once a week on all plants . I guess once a week at one time on all plants does n't work . All my plants had to dry out which took awhile and even longer for the bigger pots . Now the Spider plant gets watered once a week -LRB- in smallest pot -RRB- and the others every 12-14 days . I 'm guessing since they 're in for the winter the watering will be less frequent . I also bought the double probed product they sell . It 's for moisture , light and acidity . All the plants came in at 6.5-7 which is perfect . I guess the cup of coffee every two weeks keeps it in checked . Hope this helps if you are considering the product.ThanksBlack Thumb in Milwaukee .
 When I purchased this meter I was concerned that it might not work or be too flimsy for garden use . The price seemed too reasonable . No worries any more . It works and it is much sturdier than I had thought . The probe is long enough and stout enough to get to the proper root depth to measure ` real soil moisture ' levels . The scale , while not some scientific measure , is plenty informative for assessing whether to water or not . I now use it weekly on my indoor plants . Surprisingly , the story is not ` one size fits all ' . Some pots -LRB- mainly clay -RRB- dry out much faster than others -LRB- usually plastic -RRB- . Some plants seem to suck up water quicker than others.The bottom line is I no longer have to guess or stick my finger deep into the soil to get the watering right . I wish I had this thing years ago .
 I bought this wondering if it would be wide enough at the mouth . It is . The product is very sturdy and light too . I 'm 6 ' 3 '' and it 's plenty long enough to scoop shrubbery cuttings with . Since I do n't live in an area where I need to shovel snow , I can not describe how it works for that purpose .
 It is the BEST shovel for snow -- the thing is solid and scoops up tough snow . The blade breaks up ice easily . I 've had it for years . I guess the other negative reviewer just had bad luck.I actually had originally purchased this at Costco many years ago for our office and needed one for home and I made sure it was exactly the same shovel -LRB- because I love it so much -RRB- . The specs matched and I was thrilled to be able to order the same one.Don ' t think twice - order this shovel .
 I have done landscaping for about 5 years now , and i always have one on my truck . Unlike the metal ones , they dont make that horid sound , or leave scrape marks . I have NEVER had one break , and they work extremely well . The reviewer before must have just got a bad egg , because like i said ... i require one to be on my truck at all times . Great for mulch , stone , dirt ... . etc. .
 These fan sprinklers are the best on the market . I bought a box full and added them to all my gift giving this Christmas . They are a must have for every hose you have connect around your home .
 What can I say ? It 's dirt , or maybe being more PC , it 's soil ... it showed up in a ziplock bag which meant I could reseal it , that is good ... the amount of dirt was as advertized . It is a fine grained dirt and is free of rocks , etc. . I added water and it became mud ... so it performed well in the `` add water '' test . My plants seem to grow well in it , so it 's does what dirt is supposed to do.Not sure how I should rate dirt , but it smells good -LRB- for dirt -RRB- and is as clean as dirt can be , so I gave it 5 stars.Not much else I can say ... guess I will go play with my dirt now .
 Its hard to find an FSM flag , so whenever you find one , you hold on to it . Unlike must flags , this one is two sided , so the center part that says FSM is twosided to say FSM on both sides , and they put it together with what looks like fishing wire.Its not that hard to tell from a good distance , but hell , I 'm getting Touched by His Noodly Appendages !!!
 This is a great item for feeding my livestock , ie , geese , pigeons , chickens . It 's good for water and dry feed .
 My husband purchased this to dig out some buck-thorn roots and tree stumps around our yard and garden of our new house . He loves using it , but did break the tip off at the very end . It took a lot of abuse before that though and he can still use it .
 I 've known about the King of Spades for years , but never wanted to invest in a shovel at this level . Due to a large project I 'm working on , and the breakage of yet another `` Retail Home Improvement Store '' shovel I finally purchased this . WOW What a difference . About the only thing I can say is watch out for underground cables . They do n't stand a chance .
 The Model 38 Balling Spade is a quality tool . If you 're used to the Chineese junk stuff you 'll probably be surprised at what a really well made tool is like . For instance
 I was very pleased when I received this crystal . The sparkle was evident the moment I opened the packaging . This has made a beautiful addition to my collection . I think anyone would be extremely pleased with this choice . It 's well worth the money . What can I say ... it 's Swarovski !! `` Nuf said !
 This is a great `` starter pool '' The diamater is perfect for the whole family to enjoy . The depth is n't scary for little kids , but is n't deep enough for any `` real '' swimming by a bigger kid or adult.Set up was easy . Just make sure you have ALL protrusions removed from the area in which you will be setting up the pool . Once we started filling with water we found more , even though we thought we found them all ! So be forewarned!Filling took MUCH longer than suggested on the box , but we still swam the weekend of purchase.The filter is worthless , except to disolve chlorine tablets . You will still need to skim and vaccuum REGULARLY even with a cover.Next year we are going to get a deeper version because we love the product !
 Perfect size for thistle seed . Not too big , just the right size . My old feeders were too big and the thistle would rot .
 This cover is well suited to the high altitude environment . . Covers the snowblower well . Keeps snow & sun from degrading the snowblower .
 We 've owned this grill for the past three years and only have two complaints :1 -RRB- When set on the lowest flame , the grill whistles VERY loudly . After numerous attempts , I can not stop it from making this noise . As long as it 's set just above the lowest flame setting , the whistling goes away .2 -RRB- The side burner never worked consistently . This was n't a problem for me because I had no real use for it , but for those needing a side burner , this grill is n't for you.Other than those two complaints , this grill has served us well over the past three years . It cooks evenly and the grilling space provided is more than enough for a small family.If you want a grill that works but do n't need many frills or enough space to feed an army , this is the grill for you .
 I have owned my grill since 2003 and it is still going strong . I do not keep in inside and occasionally it is left uncovered . It is used quite frequently and I just last week had my first problem . I have to replace the vaporizer bar . We lived in Punta Gorda Fl . and the grill went through hurricane Charley and being without power for 13 days it saw a lot of heavy use as I and my neighbors used it to prepare food . I would highly suggest that anyone looking for a grill consider this one . If I ever have to replace my grill it will be another Char Broil
 This is simply the most beautiful plant stand you 'll ever see . After a little difficulty with double-ended screws , it goes together well , works incredibly well , and makes any plant stand out . I use it for bonsai and orchids . Well worth the money !
 This sculpture was just what my water garden needed . I needed a spitter that was not going to look tacky in my gardens . This is a very well made piece . Fine details and subtle color help it to blend in to the surroundings . It shoots water in a nice arc up into the air and down into the middle of the pond . I love it .
 This fountain pretty much looks just like it does in the picture . Keep in mind it is not real concrete or metal and is very lightweight . My only complaints are -LRB- 1 -RRB- the interior pump hose is bright , clear plastic with a hint of translucent blue ; looks very fake so I painted it brown . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The little black pump stands out in the bottom of the fountian , so I put decorative black stone in the bottom -LRB- that also weighs it down more -RRB- . If you do those things , then it becomes a five-star product .
 I have used this fertilizer for 3 growing seasons now , and all of my plants love it - whether they are in Earth Boxes , raised beds , pots , or in-ground . I add about 1 cupful or so for each planting at the start of the season , and they grow super healthy , strong and highly productive . I do n't really need to feed more as the growing season progresses . It is a slow release long-term and very well-balanced fertilizer that does not burn the plants . My tomato plants are especially magnificent .
 THIS FLAG IS JUST BEAUTIFUL , WELL MADE , ATTENTION TO DETAIL , AND LOOKS GREAT WHEN HUNG UP .
 I simply love this product . Afew years ago I purchased a screenhouse that took several people to assemble . Now all I have to do is , place the net over the umbrella , and my work is done . I do n't need any help to assemble it .
 You will like this generator ! I shopped and shopped . I went to Harbor Freight , Sears , and Tractor Supply . I read a lot of opinions . I became increasingly concerned about Chinese made generators that are lacking recognizable name brand components . Check the RV sites . Many talk about cheap Chinese engines and alternators and a lack replacement parts . I am sure that not all of them are bad , but how do you know which ones are good ? I bought this for Emergencies . I ca n't see skimping here.It came down to this generator versus a Honda . Honda generators are much more expensive Remember , Honda powered is NOT the same as a Honda brand generator . You may not know who or where the generator head is made.Set up was fairly easy . I should mention that this unit weighs over 200 # . Thus , you may need some assistance in moving it . It took a few pulls to get the fuel in to the carb for the first time , but then it fired right up and ran smoothly.I run ONLY synthetic oil and recommend that you do too . You can run straight 30 weight oil , but if it gets below 40 degrees , you can damage the engine , per the manual.I loaded it with high watt halogen bulbs and ran the 12 volt DC charger at the same time . I ran my air compressor . It never flinched.Why this generator is better :1 . Voltage regulation -LRB- others brands do n't have it at anywhere near this price -RRB- 2 . It is built like a tank with tubular steel construction .3 . It has Briggs & Stratton 's best COMMERCIAL engine on it -LRB- it is actually built in Japan-no quality explanation needed here -RRB- .4 . You can get parts for it .5 . I really like the idle down feature . If the load decreases it goes back to idle within about 5 seconds.Areas that could be improved ? Maybe it is a bit noisy , but that is not an issue for me . Hondas are supposed to be quite quiet . I have not heard one run .
 Bought it from Amazon for $ 664 , then the price dropped to $ 631 ! Amazon credited me the $ 33 , and its great ! I got it mid March , 2008 , and it was here in 3 days . Unpacked , Oiled , Gassed , 1 pull and it started right up ! Has `` Vanguard '' Briggs engine -LRB- commercial model with extra warranty -RRB- , and oil - pressure lubrication for long life . This model has all outlets GFCI protected for OSHA jobsite approval . I loaded it with 2000 watts of quartz lights , and 3000 watts of electric heaters , and it handled it with ease . This has to be the best deal going on a quality generator .
 Have n't operated it yet -LRB- waiting for electrician to finish standby connection circuit box -RRB- , but it arrived in timely fashion ; parts were all there and unit was easy to assemble .
 After moving to central Florida earlier this year we were hit with an unprecedented four hurricanes in a row -LRB- Charlie , Frances , Ivan , and Jeanne -RRB- . The first three resulted in power outages of nearly a week after each . After suffering from heat and humidity with no air conditioning , and losing the contents of our refrigerator each time , we decided to get a generator as soon as one was available for sale -LRB- there were none to be had in the state for over a month after the first two hurricanes ! -RRB- This unit was easy to set up and operate . It starts on the first try each time , and produces sufficient power to keep a small air conditioner , a refrigerator and a few lights going . It also effortlessly powers a microwave and coffee maker -LRB- although not simultaneously -RRB- . The ground fault interrupt protection is a great safety feature , and the start-up surge output will protect any appliances you have plugged in on initial starting . It runs steady with a constant , clean supply of power , although it is noisy . The noise is a small price to pay when you are without power for six straight days.A few things you need to know about this -LRB- or any generator -RRB-
 I think the House and Garden products are an excellent system . If you do n't believe in , or think you ca n't afford , the system , the Shooting Powder is probably the shining star of all the components .
 I was a little wary of this product due to its high PK values but it has made a difference in as a little as 4 days . My plants went from standing to leaning 4 days after administering this product .
 I bought these windchimes for my wife on Mother 's Day and she has enjoyed it every day since . The Windchimes are make a nice ringing sound when the wind gently moves them and remind us of Mother 's Day .
 This is the MOST BEAUTIFUL wind chime I have ever seen !!!!!!!!! It is an inspirational work of art and CAN NOT be appreciated , through a simple photo .
 This generator is a quality unit . The engine is a V-twin Vanguard with full pressure lubrication and an oil filter like a car has . The Vanguard is the top engine in Briggs and Stratton 's line and easily compares to the V-twin Honda engines . The generator is a solid unit with idle control and auto voltage regulation -LRB- AVR -RRB- . The twin handles are solid and fold down when not needed . It is not as loud as some cheaper units . However , it can easily be heard . The unit has both a recoil starter and an electric starter . With reasonable care and routine maintenance -LRB- engine oil , oil filter and air filter changes -RRB- , this unit should last for many years.As with any unit of this type the new user must be aware of certain points . Gasoline will grow stale in a month . Stabil , a fuel stabilizer additive , will only extend the life of the gas to a maximum of 1 year . While the oil itself does not wear out , it contains additives to prevent corrosion and oxidation . These are depleted in operation of the unit . Regular oil and filter changes are important . Once the unit has been put into operation , the initial oil should be changed after 5 to 8 hours . Briggs and Stratton recommends a full synthetic oil be used such as Castrol Syntec 10w30 . If the unit is to be stored for an indefinite period of time , months , years , then some other procedures should be done . They are not hard , but take some time . In order
 These have been out in the sun and buried in snow for more than a year . I am very happy with these . I like the design as well . It is very well thought out . Its the only cover that has n't been blown off by our regular 50 mile an hour winds . I use one on my mower and one on my rototiller -LRB- the mower one works fine on the rototiller -RRB- . These have exceeded my expectations and I would buy them again .
 This is an excellent lawnmower cover - it is a bit tight on my mower , which is small . It is an excellent alternative to the plastic type . It also has a drawstring to tighten it up and prevent the rain from getting on the mower .
 The cover works great , pretty snug on my mower so you should make sure you do not have an oversized walk behind .
 I purchased this item in 2006 since I live in a town home and do n't have a shed to store my mower . I live in Baltimore , MD and we have had some pretty bad winters . To cut a long story short , my Craftsman lawnmower has been out in the elements protected only by this cover for the last 4 years . And every spring , I have been able to start without any problems .
 The lawn mower cover is just what I needed.I did n't know for sure that these covers even existed.I did n't see them at Wal-Mart , or home improvement stores , so I looked for the covers on the internet.Voila ! . I found the cover.and I am very , very pleased !
 What can I say ? This cover does exactly what it 's supposed to do - cover my lawnmower . It 's easy to apply and to remove , and my lawnmower is protected from the elements . I would recommend this cover to anyone who wants to keep their lawnmower outside , like I do .
 This is the best designed cover I 've seen . I securly covers the mower and stores in its attached bag .
 I wanted a lawn mower cover for my electric lawn mower . It 's great . Just what I wanted to protect it .
 It looks exactly as it does in the pictures . I was expecting a little thicker material , but it seems durable enough . Just be careful if its going to rub against anything sharp or get caught directly in a very strong wind storm -LRB- probably 40 + mph winds as it could cause damage -RRB- I leave my lawn motor on my back patio which has a cover that blocks quite a bit of wind and it seems to hold up just fine .
 Works very good . I really like it . It covers the whole lawn mower and easily goes on . I would recommend this to other buyers .
 The cover is tight , making it a bit of a struggle to put on ; but overall , I am pleased with the purchase .
 This was not the most expensive cover , but it seems to be well made and has made all the difference with keeping my mower dry , clean , and ready for use . The elastic along the front makes it easy to use , and the clip on the back of the handle end keeps the cover tight , even in the high wind storms we 've had in the past couple of months . I would buy the same cover again .
 We are ordering a second one to replace the one we had for the past 3 years . Great cover that lasted through the sun , rain , snow and windy days .
 i 've had this on the mower , pushed under the deck for about 2 months . great product , absolutely no issues . mower is dry as a bone in what has been some wild summer weather . would buy again .
 The Black Lawn Mower Cover fits snugly over medium to large push mowers . I am using it on a 21 '' self propelled push mower . It covers most of the mower except for the rear wheels . It has a belt fitted to make sure it does n't blow off with the wind . I have only had it on a few days but it seems to keep the water and sun away quite well . Recommended .
 Bought this to cover a Greenworks 25292 40-Volt 4 Amp Hour Lithium Ion 19-Inch Lawn Mower . This cover fits like itwas made for this lawnmower . Durability - unfortunately too soon to answer this ; I am hoping that it it lasts as longas it looks like it should . Worst feature - sometimes it 's a little hard to figure out exactly how it should go on - maybe a front marking might be helpful .
 I think this cover is good but I would have liked one that came down all the way to the bottom on all sides . The back of the machine is a bit exposed . Other than that , I think it 's doing the job .
 The product was absolutely great . Exactly what I wanted , quickly shipped , nicely packaged , easy to use . Could n't be happier . Oh - great price .
 I needed to get my power equipment out of the green house , so this was just what I needed to protect my chipper vac from the elements .
 I have a small electric mower and this fits really good . Maybe a little big but that is not a problem . I would like to come back and rate this in about a year because I live in the Southwest and the heat and sun does lots of damage , and this is the only weather protection I have for my mower . If I can get a couple or three years out of this then that would be great .
 Been searching for ever to get suitable cover and this is just perfect.Did try making my own cover but was not successful .
 The quality is very good - heavy and durable ! It has been raining for the past few days and I were able to test it out with 100 % satifactory ! The only thing is that it 's a little bit expensive !
 Easy to put on . Seems durable . Keeps the rain off of our mower . I can still push the mower around by lifting up the front wheels
 Covers the mower and fits snugly . Easy to put on with elastic around the edges where needed.The dark color helps my mower blend in with the woods behind it .
 The cover is great . I teven has a bag attached to store the cover in when not in use . what a great idea to be able to easily cover your lawnmower from the elements .
 Got this for one of the higher end Honda push mowers . Honda wanted about $ 50 for theirs . This one is better ! Does take a little patience and head scratching to figure out how to fit it properly . Wish Honda did n't feel like they had to cheat everyone on things like their covers . Seems like all manufacturers do this . That is a SICK mentality . Honda has great mowers , which they already charge a premium price for ... . do they really need to rape us with the cost of accessories ?
 This product was a perfect fit for my self-propel lawnmower . I do n't have to worry about it becoming damaged from the weather .
 Excellent quality cover and Amazon was great to deal with and I received my item quickly !!
 The Lawn Mower cover fits my push mower perfectly . I keep it outside sometimes and this is exactly what I needed.Good value for cost .
 I have quite a large 5Hp widebody lawnmower and this cover fits it snugly ... but it does fit ! It works great at keeping the dust off where I store it in my dusty shed over winter and the cover is very easy to dust off or even wash off when it is not being used . Ca n't complain . It does what it says it will .
 Fits pretty well . I have a Craftsman lawnmower and it does fit good . My mower has the large rear wheels so it it a bit snug , but works just the same . It even stayed on during our very high Santa Ana winds in in So . Cal . kept the fire ashes off it as well ...
 perfect cover , I just needed a cover for my mower for rain/snow so that the mower would start easier after rain/snow . good price for a good use .
 I just luv my electric mulching mower ... . it is a wonderful convenience and so easy to clean ... no complaints what so ever ...
 This fits well and keeps the mower reasonably clean-hard to do in the desert .
 I bought this for a Black & Decker electric mower . I dont have a garage or shed for it , but this cover keeps it dry and clean . Its pretty easy to get on or off with the elastic and can wrap all the way under all 4 wheels .
 Shockingly , these things are n't available at Lowe 's or Home Depot.It 's great for protecting against rain and dirt . It 's easy to put on and remove . Great , great , great !
 This cover fits perfectly with my B&D electric lawn mower.I keep my mower outside so I was looking to get a outdoor shed that would cost $ 300 but I decide to give this cover a try . I no longer need a outdoor shed because this cover works very well against dust/dirt and rain . I highly recommend this . Saved myself some $ $ $ $ .
 This is a great cover . It fit my lawn mower perfectly . It seems to be very good quality .
 excellent and easy to use . got this in 2 days from the USA You can not by this in the U.K.
 It is nice to be able to cover my new mower . This one is a little hard for me to get on but I have arthritis so that could be part of the problem . Thanks Amazon.com
 A great product ... easy to use , great coverage of the lawnmower and a perfect fit to keep the snow and rain away from the machine . Great price ... would buy again ... but from the looks of it ... it should last for quite a long time . You will be very happy with your purchase ! Treat yourself !
 It fits my Sears machine . It seems very strong . I bought a cover that was in the middle of the price ranges . Some of the items I looked at were way too cheap and I could see they would n't hold up . So far , so good .
 I bought this to cover a newly purchased greenworks 19 inch cordless lawnmower and it fits perfectly . It appears to be well made and keeps the mower dry from this springs constant rain .
 I do n't have a shed or garage or any other structure to store my lawnmower . This cover protects it perfectly from the elements and is easy to use . You ca n't beat the price and I 'm completely satisfied .
 great cover and arrived on time . Good quality cover and love the way it fastens to keep it on . Protects mower as should .
 I purchased this cover because I was using a tarp to cover my large push mower . This cover fits perfectly although there was a drawstring bag attached to the cover not sure what that bag was for so I just cut it off . The cover looks great much better that the tarp . The material is like a mesh and it 's thick to withstand all types of weather .
 Order came quickly , fits fine , which is perfect since my mower is not a well known brand.Have nto had any rain yet , so ca n't note the durabilty , but the material seems fine for handling the elements .
 I bought this cover to shield my lawnmower from the elements . I keep it under my deck so it is n't really getting the full effects of what nature can do , but so far I am happy with it . For the price you are getting a pretty well built item . It acts just like advertised . It is a little tight trying to completely cover the wheels . I am happy with this product and really happy with the price .
 The cover seems very nice for the price that was paid for them . They are thin and lite weight . Not sure how durable they will be or how long they will last , but they do fit well .
 Covers my mower beautifully . Seems like the perfect fit for my mower that has to be kept outside . Clip strap under the handle keeps it on during windstorms . Has a storage bag attached to it so it does n't get lost . Good value and should wear well .
 This fits my Husqvarna 7021R almost perfectly -LRB- the Husqvarna 7021R is virtually identical in size to the Honda HRX lawnmower line -RRB- . I agree with those who feel the storage bag should be removable . That said , it is a fine cover and much better than the ones I 've previously had for my previous Honda lawnmowers .
 I 90 % knew what i wanted ; found it easily ; was convinced it was what i wanted ! as a cover for my sears lawnmower , i felt confident that it was perfect at a `` lower ! '' price than the stores or elsewhere on the internet !!
 I had purchased a lawn mower for my husband for his birthday this year . Although we had purchased a nice Sears model 2 years prior , my husband swore it was junk and broke all the time . Keep in mind , although we have a large storage place to keep it in , he left it out in the elements all year long -LRB- through the worst snowfall in years and the wettest rainy season I can remember -RRB- . I wanted to be sure that this one had a better chance of survival , so I set out to see if a cover for a lawn mower was even something made . I found it on Amazon , and compared it with other sites , and this one was a great price!When it arrived , I proudly handed it to him and he looked puzzled . He asked what it was for initially and I boasted `` THAT COVERS IT ! '' We had a great laugh and he finally had to admit the weather probably did aid in the demise of the other one.I was very happy with the quickness that I received it and it was well worth the price . The quality is great and it came with a bag , attached to it so it will not get lost , so that if it is off , it can be tucked neatly in there until it was ready to be put away . It covers the lawn mower entirely ! Including the wheels . I would recommend this to everyone . We use it in the storage shed for extra protection .
 this product fits my sears craftsman mower pretty well . you have to make sure it is around everything otherwise major rain will fill the top and push the cover over . i keep mine under a deck . material seems to be strong but not sure about the winter months.update 05/06/2012 I still use this thing . Well worth the price .
 Well after reading previous reviews I was a little scared to order this item . However , I AM SO GLAD I DID !!!!!!!!! It is way more than I expected . Fit beautifully , very well made , has a tote bag attached to store it in . Everything I hoped and more . Extremely pleased .
 I am one Happy camper ! I looked in every store around and could not find a mower cover , once again Amazon comes through . I read every review and dicided this is the one I wanted dispite the neg reviews and I must say it is exactly what I wanted . Made of a good material -LRB- not cheap plastic stuff -RRB- , the elastic around bottom brings the cover to a good snug fit and there is the snap closure that pulls the fit snug around the mower handles . I for one am very happy with this product and I must say that the reviews saying about the fit being too tight ? If it were not a nice snug fit it would blow off like many other covers do , mine has servived a couple wind storms and very hard rain in the past week with no problems . I highly recommend this product , Thanks Amazon !!
 The old lawn mower cover finally bit the dust ; it was more duct tape than cover anyhow ! I pried it out of his hands and stuck it into the garbage can , then raced back to the patio to hand him this NEW cover . Mr. Fussy likes it ! It is now sheltering his lawn mower and seems to be doing an excellent job . Looks like a rest for the duct tape , at least for a while . Buy this one with confidence .
 I bought this to cover my new Toro recycler mower , which is a rear wheel drive unit with a 6.5 briggs . The cover does slide on easily and covers the front wheels but not quite enough to cover the rear wheels . I 'm pleased enough as the deck , handlebar , and engine is all I really wanted covered anyway . Material seems a little cheap so I 'm taking off one star , could be better .
 I was a little leary whether or not the cover would fit the electric push mower that I needed to cover when I purchased the product . When it came and I put it over the mower , I found that it not only fit but with the elastic bottom and velcro fasteners , it fit perfectly . This cover has enough room that it will fit almost any type push mower that has to be stored outdoors . There is no worry of the outdoor elements getting to the mower .
 A very good cover , a little tight for larger mowers , keeps the elements out . It is worth the price .
 My mower is outdoor and needed a cover for the weather.It worked nice in the winter to prevent snow getting on to the mower.It also worked well in the spring when there is a lot rain.It is a bit tight on my Craftsman mower , but it still fits.Overall , it is a nice cover , would buy it again in a few years when this one wears out .
 This product is ok for the price and shipped for free.The only inconvienance is that the storage bag stays attached to the cover and hangs loosely on the side -LRB- you ca n't see it on the picture -RRB- . You can however cut the storage bag off with some scissors and use it to store other things.Too early to tell if it will withstand the hot summer sun and begin to crack .
 Excellent design and quality.Great cover for my NEW lawnmower.Highly recommend.The cut is perfect for each part of the lawnmower .
 This is a well-made , functional lawnmower cover.Pros :1 . Appears durable -- only time will tell how this will stand up to the elements2 . Practical design , easy to put -- and keep -- in place ; this thing has been through a few windy days and it stayed putCons : None that I 've seen so farI 'd buy this again , and I 'd recommend this to a friend . -LRB- Others might give 5 stars based on the review above . I prefer to reserve the extra star for truly exceptional items . This product is good , but not exceptional . -RRB-
 Just as advertised/expected -- have been using it for about 6 months now ; covers my Neuton completely -LRB- and tightly -RRB- with the handle either extended or folded . -LRB- I keep it under cover so the mower cover itself is not exposed to direct sunlight . -RRB-
 This cover is fantastic ! The material is thick enough not to tear easily yet thin enough to be lightweight and easy to use . And it 's adjustable size makes this a winner -- when I upgraded to a newer , better , bigger mower I was still able to use it .
 It fits though a little snuggly over our craftsman lawn mower and keeps it dry so it does n't have to take up tons of space in our garage .
 It fit nicely . It helps keep my mower protected since I do n't have a shed forit . I like it .
 this cover fits like a glove and is very flexable.I have the same brand cover on my snowblower and it isa year old now and like brand new.Plus this was the best price anyware .
 I purchased this Classic Accessories Deluxe Snow Thrower Cab # 71367 back on December 18 , 2007 . After reading some of the other reviews I decided to install the cab when the weather was around 60 degrees because of the trouble trying to stretch the canvas around the frame . On April 15 , 2008 I started at 2:30 PM and finished at 6:00 PM . I took my time rather than rush only to have to redo it right the next time.I did n't realize that there were twelve extra U shaped clamps out of the sixteen that came with the kit , there also was extra bolts and nuts . The frame went together fairly fast altho if there were strips of color coordinated tape on the metal frame pieces -LRB- red to red , green to green , etc -RRB- my time on this phase could have been drastically reduced . I plan on drilling holes through the horizontal pipes and the handlebars to secure this as a unit to the snowblower , as soon as I get bolts and lock nuts at a hardware store.The canvas and plexiglass cover was next . The first corner in the back went together very easily , there were three snaps and velcro from top to bottom . Then the two front pipes were more difficult to secure with the velcro strips because the canvas did n't seem to fit . But then that last back corner , WOW !! the canvas was at least five to six inches short to wrap around that vertical pipe . I tried for over an hour but could n't get it to even come close . Then I grab a 12 '' clamp with rubber covered jaws and clamped that on to the canvas and used that as a fabric stretcher , I could easily get 2 '' more than what I needed.The quality of sewing and the craftsmanship of the metal work was excellent . The design of the cab to easily fit any snowblower was also amazing . An almost similar cab except in red canvas and half a dozen symbols and trademarks saying Toro cost over $ 250 at a Toro dealership . There is more than enough room inside the cab for using the controls . Also there seems to be no problem walking behind the snowblower and keeping it under control . The height of the cab could easily accommodate a six footer with no feeling of restriction . It does n't seem top heavy even tho it is about 7 ' tall . I like the design when needed to remove the entire cab with only two pins . I may add a 12 - 14 inch plexiglass flap at the top back with snaps or velcro to keep the swirling snow out of my neck.The only area that MIGHT be a problem is the clearance between a horizontal pipe and the tires . My snowblower is a 12 horse - 32 '' wide Toro and one of the features - the tires swing back 10 '' to give more weight to the front or then back to normal to balance the weight on the tires . When I fastened the lower horizontal pipe to the handlebars there was less that 1/2 '' clearance between the tires when they are swung toward the back . There was no other place for this pipe to go because of the protrusion of the engine between the handlebars , the gear housing for the discharge shoot , and the transmission shift rod . Hopefully this may not be a problem , but this could be a rather easy fix for me . BJ
 This cab is great for keeping the snow from blowing back on to you when using your snow thrower . It is involved putting together and you have to take your time . In addition , it does add size -LRB- width and height -RRB- to your snow thrower frame . I am glad to have it now .
 I 've had this cab for two winters now . Mounted it on a Toro snowthrower . Took a little time to figure out the installation but I managed . So far , so good .
 Very satisfied with this product . I did n't have nearly as much trouble assembling that I thought I might . I put the frame together inside where it was warm and then attached it to the blower . It does take some patience but I expected that . Once again , I am very pleased .
 No , not that bad to set upmost of that time was reading the manual , nothing to fear.Breaks the wind and keeps that wet snow off my cheeks .
 Quality of the materials is good , instructions are fair.The only reason this gets a star deducted is because of the time it took installing!Had to remove and mount lower on my MTD in order to get the cab on the frame without hitting the garage ceiling!There was a struggle trying to stretch the cap material over the frame also .
 Cab is sturdy built , but lite . Easy to install with easy to follow instructions.Preforms as well as advertised . Very satisfied with this item.Easy ordering , and fast shipping .
 I purchased this cab for my father and although he has yet to use it this year he is very pleased with the product . Takes a few hours -LRB- or more -RRB- to put together but once complete it 's worth it . Easy break down with the 2 clip release .
 I 'm a big guy and I need room and this gave it to me ! I 'm also a VERY handy person with mechanical `` things '' and this was n't too bad to put together but was alittle more difficult attaching it to the snowblower . I ended up getting a second person to hold the cab as I moved the braces in different spots to find where it fit the best . I must have installed the cab about 3 times before it was right .
 I bought this before the snow flew thinking it was not going to be as effective as it has proven to be.On the assembly 3 stars : Once reading the instructions thoroughly several times actual assembly proved fairly easy , my only problem was that the parts ziplock type bag was open somehow during shipping and all the parts were everywhere inside the box I carefully gathered all the nuts and bolts while carefully pulling the framing and cover out of the box for this part of the snow cab I have to give a 3 star since many parts could have been lost.On product usage 5 stars : By the first real snow here in MI as I got behind my snowblower and proceeded to remove snow from my 260 ' drive I instantly realized the benefit of this snow cab . My winter jacket was dryer and my face was not frozen off , or the gap between my neck and scarf filled with snow and wind blowing back at me , and I could see much better too . I am amazed how well and how much more I enjoy using my snow blower with this device . I highly recommend this to anyone . After much shopping around I have also found this to be cheaper here at amazon $ 79.99 than anywhere else other stores want atleast $ 100.00 for this same item , so shop around if you must but I think you will find its the best price here .
 I bought this snow cab for my new Troy-bilt 8526 snowthrower and am very happy with it . I would not say it bolts right on but the manufacturer does supply plenty of assorted size mounting hardware that the average putz - myself included - should be able to adapt it to most units . Just dont expect it to install in minutes ! It is a one size fits all after all ! I was a little unsure about how this would work but the first time I used it and did not get snow in my face it was worth it . Snow doesnt really stick to the windows either so it is easy to see out of .
 Everybody that owns a snowblower will tell you the first rule ... . the wind is always blowing in your face ! This cab fits and functions great . One of the best features that no one has mentioned yet , is that the whole cab comes right off by simply removing 2 pins ! This allows me to continue storing the blower in my shed during the summer . I just pop off the cab and store both pieces under my loft!This is an outstanding price . I had to wait for weeks to get mine because I waited till it started snowing to order . I 'm sure you can avoid that by ordering in the off season . Allow yourself an afternoon to assemble and install this . If you take your time , and remember you only have to do it once if you do it right the first time , you 'll find it 's well worth the effort when the snow is blowing around at 20 mph and you have to clear the driveway !!!!
 Received this item extremely fast . As an universal fit item I was a tad apprehensive , however this item was easy to install and the instructions where flawless . I would recommend this product and vendor to anyone .
 What a great system ! Whoever designed this was brilliant!It does take an afternoon to put together , but trust me , it is well worth the investment of both your money and time . This was not a thirty minute assembly by any stretch of the imagination . Of course , it could have been just me . It took 10 minutes just to read the instructions and and another 10 minutes to lay everything out . Keep in mind that there are various ways to assemble the frame work . All of the different configurations are shown in diagrams . It was by trial and error that I discovered what worked best for my small single stage Toro snowblower . If you are wondering whether your machine is too small , do n't worry this Classic Deluxe Snow Thrower Cab will be just fine . Not having had the good fortune of having anything like this before , I would compare snowblowing without this cab to shoveling snow in a blizzard without wearing a hat and gloves . My wife suggested putting a velcro strip inside the canopy top and using some clear heavy plastic as a back curtain . I will add to my review if I actually do something like that . In the meantime , do n't wait until you need it . Like the Boy Scouts be prepared . Then you , too , can safely say , ` Let It Snow ! ' and mean it.UPDATE
 Was very happy how fast it came . Also really liked the price . Sears carried the same snow thrower cab and it cost about $ 30.00 more . It looks like it will work great in the snow . thank you
 The quality of both materials and design of this product can not be overstated!The mounting system is far superior to other snow thrower cabs on the market ... I just installed this product replacing another cab with `` U-bolt '' mounts which were always moving making the cab tilt requiring adjustment during use ... The CLASSIC mounting system is stronger , simple and obviously better suited to resist slipping around on the snowthrower frame . Instructions were clear , easy to follow making this install a simple 30 minute task . The quality of all materials is easy to see ... the cab fits precisely and tightly on the frame ... My only suggestion is to construct the frame , fit the fabric over the frame as best you can and then remove the frame and fabric -LRB- another great feature with only two clipped pins to remove to detach the cab -RRB- to fasten all the velcro and snaps that hold the fabric to the frame . Shipping was unbelieveably fast . . All in all a great purchase experience !!
 First
 First is economics . I purchased my Classic Accessories Deluxe Model 71367 at the Three Rivers Michigan TSC store . There price was $ 79.99 which is $ 20.00 less expensive then Amazon 's price of $ 99.99 for the exact same snow cab . Also , they had three in stock and because it was a local store there were no delivery charges . For me , it was simply a matter of money and TSC was $ 20.00 less expensive for the exact same item . I have found Amazon.com to be very price competitive on most items but I feel one should never take that for granted and therefore should shop around . At least in this case , it reduced my cost by $ 20.00 or approximately 20 % which I feel is significant.Second is assembly . The instructions are written at about the 2nd grade level so if you can read English assembly should be easy . Note , before you start assembly , it will be helpful if you go to the last page of the instructions and look at the drawing of the unit fully assembled . This will give you a feel for the assembly process and what it should look like when fully assembled.It is worthy to note that after I fully assembled my unit -LRB- using the supplied `` U '' clamps -RRB- I went back and drilled holes through the two cross bars and the handle bars of my snow blower so I could directly mount the two cross bars to my snow blower handles . The reason I fully assembled the unit using the supplied `` U '' clamps before drilling the holes is to make sure everything was properly aligned . This will require that you buy four 1/4 '' - 20 x 2-1/2 '' long bolts and four nylon insert locking nuts and that you have an electric drill and a 1/4 '' drill bit . By doing this you will not need any of the supplied `` U '' clamps which removes the possibility of anything coming loose or moving around due to vibration which I understand can happen when using the supplied `` U '' clamps.Third is storage and transport . One of the great design features of the Classic Accessories Deluxe Model 71367 is that the upper cab can be completely removed by simply removing two pins and lifting the upper unit off the riser bars . You will find that it is necessary to remove the upper unit when transporting the unit in either an open bed truck or an open trailer and it makes summer storage a walk in the park . This is a great design feature of the unit and clearly elevates it above competitive units.Fourth is function . I have found the Classic Deluxe Model 71367 snow cab to function perfectly . It keeps me dry and my face and hands free of snow even in windy conditions . Also , I do n't have to wear nearly as heavy clothing as I did prior to getting the snow cab . In fact , if I do wear heavy clothing it can get a bit warm inside the snow cab.Lastly is comparison . My neighbor purchased a smaller unit and has expressed some small dis-satisfaction with his unit . Apparently , when the wind is blowing at just the right angle he gets snow up inside his cab . The side curtains on his snow cab do not come as far back or as far down as the side curtains on the Classic Accessories Deluxe Model 71367 snow cab which apparently is the reason for snow blowing up inside his cab . I have not had any problems with snow blowing up inside the cab on my unit.If you will , wet frozen face and hands are the syndrome and the Classic Accessories Deluxe Model 71367 snow cab is the cure . I give this product a six star rating . Buy it ... you 'll like it .
 Should have bought one years ago . Now I do n't look like a snowman while clearing the driveway . No more blowing snow in the face either . The instructions were complete and easy to understand . Assembly was quick and easy .
 I ordered this for my Dad . Great product . Exactly what he wanted . Arrived on time .
 I bought this for my father a couple of years ago who lives in northern NY ... . He raves to me about how well it keeps him warm while he is snowblowing out in the wind & snow .
 I bought this cab after reading many reviews , and have come to the conclusion that some have unfairly rated it less than it should be . I 'm mechanically inclined and it took me 1hr . and 50 minutes to assemble . This is a cab designed to universally fit many snowthrowers , when ordering , it 's up to you to determine that it will fit your particular product . !! To begin with , READ INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE ASSY . ! Assemble all tools as instructed -LRB- common tools for any household . Then match all hardware to pictures in manual to make sure that all hardware is present . Then begin.I installed mine on a 7.5 HP Craftsman model , and the only `` modification '' I had to make was to the horizontal bars that go across the handlebars , and there are 2 . Top bar was installed on bars toward the engine , the lower -LRB- at 20 inches for mine -RRB- installed facing the operator . When everything is assembled , and before the cab is installed , you may have to make some adjustments to the cab bars to make them level horizontal to the floor . The cab fit snugly and correctly and took about ten minutes to strap and buckle on.My overall review of this product would be excellent . There were enough parts for many different applications , with un-needed parts left over . All hardware was well constructed and fit just like the instructions said . If you are looking for John Deere quality at a JD price , then you need to go the store you bought your snowthrower from and pay the price . But for $ 89.00 and my shipping was free , you ca n't beat the price , or ... the craftsmanship . I would recommend this product to those who do n't want to pay the overpriced namebrand products . And no , I do n't work for this company . !!!!
 Great product for the money!I compared to other more expensive cabs costing $ 200 + or - . I suggest putting on before freezing temps hit.I kept product in house till ready to install -LRB- seperate all parts that you 'll need for your blower , this will eliminate confusion with uneeded universal parts . -RRB- even then I had to cover cab with a heavy sheet and place a space heater inside to keep the vynl pliable . Temp . was about 15 degrees in garage.Still took a bit of effort -LRB- stretching around framework -RRB- but finished product looks and works fantastic.I installed mine on a new Cub Cadet , my dealer also checked out the website.I did notice on calm days the exhaust collects a little at the top of the cab.I am 6 ' 5 '' and the air gets a little thin up there anyway.It is a problem that can be remedied easily and it only happended once on a calm day.Keeps you dry , warm and makes snowblowing a little more bearable .
 My brother took over an hour to assemble this cab . Once we had the frame up , we could n't get the cab installed . No matter how we pulled/stretched the canvas would n't fit . My brother is a handy guy . He took the top assembly arms and drilled a new hole in each of them to shorten them so that they were effectively shortened and then the cab assembled and velcroed/snapped into place more easily . Good Luck !
 Excellent fit for my Ariens 624E with no modifications and no additional parts . Took me about 1-1/2 hours to assemble/install a good part of which was identifying parts and determining where I should install the mounting rods . I could do another in less than an hour easily . The cab cover is a very snug fit and needs to be stretched pretty hard to snap into place but this is really a good thing ... For my Ariens 624E I aligned the top mounting rod even with the bottom of the control panel with the ears pointing up and the bottom rod just above the lower mounting bolts for the upper handlebars with the ears pointing down . I attached the uprights to the upper rod using the topmost holes.This put the height of the cab at about 6.5 feet and allowed for clearence at the bottom for the discharge rod.I would recommend this cab to anyone who owns a snowblower .
 I purchased this product after reading other reviews and seeing the product in the store . It is very simple and easy to put together , but when it comes to putting the fabric on , you want two people ! It fits very tight !! . With two people its a piece of cake !! Very nice product for the money . .
 This will be a good wind/snow stopper for my husband . Lots of parts since it is made to fit most machines . After a few trial and errors putting it together he got it done and is happy with the product . He has only used it once while cleaning up our 6 inches of snow off Lake Superior but is happy with how it kept him out of the wind and kept the snow off him as well.Classic Accessories 71367 Deluxe Snow Thrower Cab
 Classic Accessories 71367 Deluxe Snow Thrower CabAfter reading the directions , I carefully laid out the parts . Than started assembly according to directions , all went very well . I was finished in about 2 hours . The Cab was a little tight , but after reading the reviews before starting , I left the Cab in the house to warm up . I am sure this helped considerably , I am very satisfied.bobretired in Northern New York on the Canadian border .
 Decent quality , reasonable price . I have a Simplicity Pro series with the C channel frame , so it took some time figuring out how to mount it as it 's designed for tube frames . Four large `` U '' bolts and some 1x2 shims took care of it . Took a bit of stretching and jockeying aroung the cover to get it to fit the frame , but eventually I worked it into place correctly . Definitely need the counterweight to avoid having a gust of wind cause a `` wheelie '' . Overall , very satisfied with my purchase , would buy it again .
 After freezing from blowback for over 10 years in Colorado , I decided when I bought a new snowblower to add this cab . After reading the reviews it seemed like a good product but was packaged poorly and was difficult to put together.My experience was that the packaging was poor . When I opened the box a bolt and nut fell out of the box . Then as I inventoried there were several nuts and bolts that were out of the package of nuts and bolts . Everything was there but if I did n't have a good well light place to open the package some parts might have been lost . So be careful opening the package!The written directions were C - at best , however , the diagrams were well done . It took me less than 2 hours -LRB- including dinner -RRB- to install the cab on my Honda snowblower . The only difficulty was some of the adhesive lables had come off . Still the pictures made assembly relatively easy . Getting the cab material stretched over the frame took some patience but was n't a major problem . I was able to use the prefered method of installation -LRB- putting the cross pieces in front of my snowblowers tubes -RRB- the u-brackets seemed to support the cab very well . This step was really the only adaptation from one machine to another and was easy in my case with my snowblower . The only other adaptations is the heigth and how forward the cab should be when installed - here the directions are totally inadequate but with a little common sense and studying the options my first choice worked well , but take your time through this process.It takes some getting used to looking through the plastic windows but it is very functional . The best part of using it this weekend was to not be coated like a frosted cake with snow - I dropped at least one layer and was very comfortable and warm . It was also nice to come back in the house dry instead of soaked to the bone . The cab is large but it is easy to remove - unhook two straps and two pins and it goes back together very easily , as well . The price at Amazon was also more reasonable than other on-line catalogs or Sears . There is a counter balance bag that you fill with sand or cat litter and attach to the backside of the auger - it seemed cheesy to me but is functional and did n't impact useage . I was wondering how the cab would impact all the cables , chute directional instruments , etc. but it seems very functional - I can even pull the starter cord on my 11 hp from inside the cab . I still want to monitor potential wear on cables , my hydrostatic tube , etc. but after putting it together I do n't anticipate that it will be a problem.Overall , I am very pleased with the purchase . It was so nice to blow snow and come in warm and dry . I 'm fortunate to be able to park my snowblower with the cab in my garage without having to remove the cab but tried to take it off and put it on twice and it was very easy .
 Had to `` Mickey Mouse '' the mounting tubes to fit a large Ariens blower Also , had to make a slit in the front for a control rod.With some copper tubing , screws and duct tape everything turned out fine.I ca n't live without this cab when winter sets in .
 My only slightly negative concern about this product is that the clear plastic material of the windows is quite wrinkled and does not yet show any signs of smoothing out . perhaps it has not been warm enough yet to do so . The fit of the cab to the upper frame is currently not happening . I do hope it is because of all the wrinkles . I can not stretch the material enough to wrap around the rear uprights . I temporarily solved this by buying some short lengths of velcro straps and attached them to the velcro fastening strips along the upright trailing edges of the cab . This keeps the cab attached , but does not seriously stretch the material . It really must stretch enough to wrap around the uprights , at least another two inches.I love the protection that the cab gives me from the wind and blowing snow . I really was comfy in the two bigger storms that I tackled since it came . Other than the fit of the cab -LRB- above -RRB- , The assembly went smoothly but slowly . All the parts were present and the packing job was great . I have a 20 year old 10 HP Ariens snow Throw . The only place on the handles that I could attach to is kind of low and the horizontals are pretty close together . None the less , it still holds well even in fairly strong winds that I have experienced so far .
 My husband loves this cab ! Assembly was not difficult and I put most of it together inside out of the cold :--RRB- I can see where it could attach to many models as it was quite adjustible . The materials appear to be quite durable and it keeps out blowing snow and wind quite well : - -RRB-
 Took a few hours to connect properly to my Husqvarna Snow Blower , but all necessary fittings were there . Actual assembly of cab was straight forward . Only problem I had was stretching the canvas around certain parts of the frame -LRB- especially the top -RRB- , but it eventually worked . After several uses , I am very pleased with its ' performance , keeps all the wind and blowing snow off both me and the blower controls . There is plenty of room for my 5 ' 7 '' frame to move within confines of cab . Overall , great product !
 Assembly was much more difficult than I anticipated , but it was well worth the effort . I can not express how much more comfortable I am using the snow blower . I remained warm , did n't have snow blowing in my face , and I was sheltered from the wind -LRB- which eliminated the chill factor -RRB- . I also should mention that visiblity was great , the snow did not build up on the outside . My only regret is that I did not purchase this product years ago !!!
 With exception of pulling it out of the box and with a simple shake out to full assembly - there is little more that could be expected . The instructions were easy to read - if you read that stuff . . Used the unit with first wind driven snow - here in Iowa and each subsequent use has been the same - It works and does it well - all I need know is a back flap - latte holder or someone else to do the job . .
 You wont appreciate this item until you encounter 40 MPH blinding snow . Mine is mounted on a 10 HP 28 inch Aerens Snow blower . It ` s balanced on this machine but I would not try this item on a smaller lighter model . Keeps you dry and toasty warm . Dont think you will have to suffer with the cab when the weather is mild . When the wind is not blowing it is easily removed by two pins by on the upper bracket . This is not a `` must have '' item , but when the weather is bad its a nice thing to have in the garage .
 well the cab i need from simplicity for my new snow blower was out of stock on the entire planet and it was $ 180.00 . I dont like to buy junk and my simplicity snow blower is the big pro model that just cost me $ 1800.00 so I was pretty sceptical about this fits all cab fitting and looking good for sale.after searching the web and seeing this same cab cover for about the same cost I bought it here and got the free shipping.This cover is a cover thats fits everything but probally fits nothing well but after all it is a fits all . If your snow blower has the tube handels supports that run from the blower chassis to the hand grips then this will go on pretty easy as this is what it has been designed to ... fits all for.My simplicity pro model has big C channels the go from the blower body up to the handles so this cover has no chance of fitting . Being a professional mechanic/welder and amature butcher/cob artist with just a little thought and 4 P clamps the frame was on and looks pretty damn good on my ! 1800.00 snow blower with out voiding the warranty.Ok now for the bad and good . the bad , the cab is a little on the cheap side but for $ 100.00 i expected it but I am not dissapointed at all . The canvas is kinda thin and so is the clear plasitc . The counter weight that goes on front to help balance the blower is cheap and you fill it with sand and i couldnt really see it working too good or staying on but it may be ok , i didn ; t try it . . The cover kinda covers the factory head light where it is so that may have to be delt with . Other than that its pretty much what i expected.Now the good , it was packaged real nice , the directions were n't that bad , after I had all the parts out of the box I had the upper frame all together on the kitchen table in 15 minutes . no rocket science needed here . after the frame was fitted to the blower frame it was just minor adjustments and I was rockin . NOW HERES THE BEST PART !!! with 2 pins the cab cover and upper frame pop right off as a uint and the lower sub frames stays on so if your like me , driving the blower up stairs to get on to the deck or trying to fit between the garage and the fence for the dog pen this is very handy as it would just get destroyed . its on and off with in 15 seconds its that easy . for counter weight i scrounged up a steel bar that was 24 inches long , 5 inches wide and 1/2 inches thick , and bolted it to the top of the front blower body . all blower manufactures make this to fit their machines to counter balance the cab . I 'm cheap . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' at 360 pounds and it fit in the cover pretty good so if your smaller you got it made.over all i would recomend this cover to all who like me hate getting pelted in the face with snow during blower operations . Eric Horn
 This snow thrower cab is a perfect way to keep yourself relatively dry while clearing snow . Great wind protection too . It has lasted several seasons so far .
 I measured my snowblower -LRB- an Ariens 824 -RRB- to see if it fit the advertised dimensions of this cover . It seemed like my blower would be a little too big for it , but I ordered it anyway . It 's a tight fit , but it seems to be just about right . So do n't worry if your blower is a little bigger than the dimensions in the specs , but it should n't be too much bigger.Quality of the cover is good -- it is made from a tough material , has shock cords to wrap around the handles , wheels , etc , and has a built-in storage bag . The price might be a little high for what is essentially a fitted tarp , but it is good protection for my expensive blower .
 The model 71007 Classic snow thrower cover is a well made snow throwercover . The built in elastic material around the base of the cover makesit easy to protect all part of my snow thrower from the elements , including the tires . The cover also has a bag attached to the undersideso you can put the cover into the bag for storage . The cover is bigenough to fit any size snow thrower . This item is well worth the price .
 This cover fits perfectly over my 33 '' snowblower . The only gripe I have is the cover comes with a storage pouch that is attatched to the cover - I can easlily cut it off but I just think this was a dumb design . It is sewn on . I will probably just leave it hanging/attached to the cover so I do n't lose it . Other than that the cover is sturdy with a coating that is weahter resistant . It is not recomended to machine wash because you could wash off the coating . The elastic bottom makes the cover snug and it covers the entire blower head to toe so if anyone was looking at it you would n't know what is underneath . It is also easy to slip on over the machine and secure . Also , mine does n't have a ` classic '' logo on it which the manual and box says it has . Odd
 I purchased a cover for my tractor , and was very pleased , so I ended up purchasing this one . While being a lighter weight than my tractor cover , I found this to still be sufficient for my snow blower . My biggest concern was whether it would fit , and luckily , it did - perfectly . I have an Ariens 824 , and this cover fits like a glove . It 's snug , so I 'm a little concerned about it catching on something and tearing at some point , but I wo n't be taking it off/on too often , so hopefully that 's not an issue.It 's summer here , and with the snowblower under my deck , I do n't expect too much weathering . Come winter , we 'll see how it handles the cold/snow . Now , if I can just keep the darned critters away from it too , then I 'll be really happy .
 Identical photo as the `` Classic Accessories 52-003-040105-00 Two-Stage Snow Thrower Cover '' except that the photo is left-right reversed and a name has been stenciled on it at the top . Apparently , the item is also identical overall except that it has a self-storage pouch sewn into it for a 13 buck cost increase .
 What an awesome cover for a great clearance price !!!! It fits my 24 '' Ariens perfectly . I actually bought a 2nd cover for my Suzuki 400LTZ , it covers the whole top of the quad , plastics and all . Heavy duty cover that will last ME forever . Cool embroidered logo , nice draw string .
 Fits well and keeps the rain & dirt out . A good product at a fair price .
 I 've had this cover for a couple of years and it still looks good . I have not left it outside , though . Only in the garage/shed .
 I used this to cover my Honda model HS55 over the past winter in Tahoe , where it sat out on the back deck , exposed to blowing snow from the west . I found the cover easy to install and remove -LRB- follow the instructions -RRB- , and it protected the unit very adequately .
 I have purchased other covers from Classic Accessories in the past . Once again , the cover I received was a quality product that is durable , neat , and exactly what I was looking for . The lawn mower cover and pressure water covers I have purchased in the past that are performing very well . They have a great fit and great utility . I recommend all the covers sold by Classic Accessories thru -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Slightly larger than expected , which was good as I was worried about the size for my 24 '' snowblower , fits perfectly , only glitch I see is that the storage bag is attached to it -LRB- maybe an advantage for some , but I 'd rather have it in a separate place -RRB- . Material is sturdy , looks and feels durable , waterproof as expected . String helps to keep it snug .
 I bought this cover for my son 's mini 110cc ATV . Unfdortunately it is just a tad small for it and does n't make it all the way down to cover all four wheels , but it easily covers everything else and makes a great basic cover for dust -LRB- which is what i bought it for mostly -RRB- . Of course I should have measured the ATV first :-RRB- This is no fault of the product of course . The product otself seems well made , and since I keep the ATV in the workshop anyway , I expect it to last quite a long time . Will also use it as a cover for when the ATV is being transported in the trailer . The elastic band at the bottom of the cover is quite strong and looks like it will hold its elasticity well over time .
 Strong and wears well for protecting Snowblower outside or stored in garage for summer .
 I was pleasantly suprised with the fit of this cover . In addition , it is very well constructed and more durable than expected .
 Delivered when promised . Easily covers a large Cub Cadet blower . Kept blower dry during a recent ice/wind storm . Glad I purchased it.Classic Accessories Snow Thrower Cover # 71007
 I am so pleased , it fits like I measured it or it came with the sno-blower .
 Nice bench that was easy to put together and is very sturdy . Only problem I had was dealing with the enormous cardboard box it came in .
 Just as described . I used this sign for a shadow box for a member leaving our base . The rooster was his nickname . He loved it !!!!!
 I have used ROSS GARDEN TRELLIS for a number of years for growing vegetables vertically in a high density edible garden . Inspired by the bookAll New Square Foot Gardening
 I had beautiful flower vines on growing on my back chainlink fence . The neighbors to the rear repeatedly chopped the vines all the way to the fence , thus killing most of it . I first hung plastic netting that was diamond shaped and expanded and stretched ; that type of netting became tangled and did not work well . I hung the new trellis from the top of the chainlink fence to let the flowers use it as a support and to prevent their being trimmed to death . The netting was very easy to use ; just unfold it and hang it up ! The trellis is proving strong enough to support the vines and the rectangular holes and the non-stretchy nature is better . It does n't get tangled and the vines grow easily through it .
 We purchased this cover so that we could keep the riding mower outside for the season . We wanted to protect the mower from the rain and sun . While some rain did get through the cover ... we are very happy with our purchase . Cover fits great and very easy for one person to put on mower .
 This cover fits my John Deere riding mower perfectly . It looks great , keeps the machine clean and dry , easy on and off - it was exactly what I wanted .
 This brand of cover is the very best . It covers my 54-inch lawn tractor perfectly . My first on held up for 4 years and I have just purchased another one . The elastic hold up very well . The tarps I used to use did not do a good job .
 The cover is actually being used for a Go Cart & has worked out very well . The quality of the fabric is perfect to keep the vehicle covered .
 I have been using this brand and model cover from 2003 . They last a maximum of 2 years out 24/7 365 days in the Dallas , Texas weather , and they keep the mower dry and clean . Its a no frills cover with an elastic cord around the bottom edge that does a great job of keeping the cover in place . Fits my garden tractor with 48 '' deck with room to spare .
 I love this cover . It keeps my mower dry and it stays in place . I have had some strong winds lately and the cover held up very well .
 The fit is perfect ... elastic keep it in place ... good quality for the price . I am very happy with this product .
 Purchased cover to replace ugly tarp on my john deere LA115 . Like the ability to tell one end from the other . Covers entire machine and elastic hem keeps cover tight , even in windy storms . Would highly recomend this cover for quality and fit .
 We have had other covers and many homemade tarps and cords which were not great successes . This cover was just what we needed . Two days ago we had a doozy of a wind storm . We were pleased the next morning to see the cover still on the tractor . The only drawback for us is the cover is not big enough to also enclose the bagger . I hope it is durable and holds up for more than one season .
 Purchased this product a little over a month ago and so far it has been very good . The elastic on the cover is very durable . I own a 42 '' deck Craftsman tractor and I leave it outside in the elements . It covers the entire tractor with room for a larger tractor . The water repellent feature works and it keeps my tractor clean . I give the product 5 stars but remember I recently purchased the product . Good Luck !!
 Slight delay between shipping of product after I ordered it . Used the cover on 46-inch Ariens mower . Completely covers tractor and bed . Has elastic on bottom to secure cover in place . Easy to remove , takes several minutes to apply cover .
 Did exactly what the purchase was required to do . There was no surprises on this item . Fit right in and did the job that was required .
 These last about 4 years outside . I keep my tractor under this cover in a car port . The Texas weather is over 100 all summer and freezing in the winter and it is always windy . I feel the cover stood up well considering the brutal weather .
 This cover is well made . With the elastic cord at the bottom , it stays in place even in windy conditions . Thanks !
 the cover worked great , Hurricane winds did not blow the cover off the mower.The cover showed up in a reasonable amount of time '
 My Cub is 72 '' nose-to-tail , and has a 46 '' deck , and this cover wrapped everything -LRB- wheels , side chute -RRB- completely . The cheaper , alternate cover I was looking at on Amazon was n't big enough for the larger , full-size lawn tractors , but this one did n't specifically say what size it would cover either , so I took the chance . The product feels like it 's made of decent material , but time will only tell how well it stands up to the elements . The vents near the seat area should give wind that blows up from underneath someplace to go and allow air to flow , keeping things drier and from growing when the cover is on . The attached storage bag is a nice thought but I do n't know how often it will be used if you actually use the cover . So far , I 'm very satisfied . I 'm including pictures in case you were wondering how well it covers .
 Very nice quality and the elastic at the bottom keeps the cover firmly in place even in the high winds where we live.Good purchase !!
 Purchased this lawn tractor cover because I was getting tired struggling with a tarp . Most times the tarp won and would not stay put especially during windy and stormy weather . This cover is just what I needed . Fits my 54 inch deck with no problem . Elastic banding snugs everything up . Be advised , if you use grass collection baskets , the cover will not go over them . Great product for the price !
 I have a lawn tractor with a 46 '' deck and this cover fits great . The elastic at the bottom completely surrounds the tractor and will keep your equipment dry in any conditions . My only complaint would be that the nylon is a little thin . You need to ensure that the tractor muffler has cooled or it would easily melt through . Well worth $ 40 .
 Mine lasted about 3 years . Even with careful handling , the nylon is so thin it eventually disintegrates in the weathered areas .
 I have a 50 inch deck and this covers the entire mower wheels , deck and body . I bought it to keep the dust and spider webs off and it does just that . I love it I just simply uncover get on and go and then after mower is dried off from washing I put it right back on and it is clean and bug free for the next time .
 The product covers my lawnmower and protect it from the elements ... except for the little bit of water that is always in the tractor seat .
 I have only had this cover for one month , but looks like it is going to be a good one . Has elastic around bottom so wind is not an issue . May rip easily with taking on and off of tractor , so will have to be really careful . Good so far .
 This lawn tractor cover is of good quality and the price is just right . Searched for a cover for my Sears 48 '' Lawn Tractor and since AMAZON always have everything one might need , that is where I went to . The cover arrived within two weeks . The cover has it 's own bag for storing the cover while the tractor is being used . You would like this cover if you are in the market for one .
 I was pleasantly surprised at how well made this cover is . It is made high quality material and looks like it will last for a long time . I priced similar covers for twice the price and they were not as well made as this one . It fits the mower and has a very strong elastic hem to make the fit weather proof .
 I got my tractor cover just in time , the wind and the rain has been almost non stop . But when is does stop I take the cover off and it is dry as a bone . The vents must help because we have had some strong winds -LRB- 40-50 mph -RRB- and it just flutters . I have a Poulan 42 '' tractor and the fit is great it even covers the tires . Anyone with a 42 '' to 48 '' cut will love this cover !
 I purchased this to cover my 1991 Wheel Horse 416-Hydro lawn tractor . I have a 42 inch rear discharge deck on the tractor and this cover fits pretty close all the way around . No extra fabric flapping around . Would probably be a stretch if I had a 48 inch deck , or a side discharge . Quality seems good , and price was right . Time will tell .
 Good cover for the price . Well made air vent holes , cover bag , and has bungee around the bottom for a nice fit .
 I ` am pleased with the tractor covers , I would recommend your product to others . thank you , J. Shaw
 The product was a little lightweight for the price , but looked to be of quality material.I am going to wait awhile to pass a final judgement.The fit was good and the elastic cord at the bottom of the cover made fpr a good fit.I will see how long it last .
 For many years I stored my riding mower in a barn that also seemed to house many birds . They left their mark on the poor mower over the years , and cleaning it up every spring was never something I looked forward to . This simple cover will make storing and maintaining my mower much easier . I read reviews of others who were not satisfied with this cover 's outdoor performance . Since I plan to continue storing my mower indoors , I ca n't comment on that aspect . I am thrilled to have this new little piece of protection , though , and it fits my 42 '' deck and mower comfortably . It is also easy to put on and take off . I recommend it if you are looking for good value for your money !
 We recently purchased this umbrella stand , and not only is is pretty , it is very sturdy . There is enough weight in the stand to withstand a good breeze . Definitely recommended .
 I purchased this as part of a gift for my son and his family . They received it very quickly and are pleased with the product . They are using it with their patio table nearly every day and have had no problems .
 Shipped quickly and exactly as described . Colors are true to picture . These are very durable -LRB- ours have seen over a year of abuse from our pets and still look as new -RRB- !
 I ordered two Log-Rack Covers - Black . I had made a 7 foot long 16 inches wide and 60 inches high log rack and an 8 foot long x16 inches wide x 5 feet tall log rack.Figured the covers would work well for each and they did.The material is quality grade and the seams and flaps are just right.Had the wood racks full with about 1.3 cords of wood and put the Log-RackCover over each when I got them . Had two heavy rains storms , one a night for two days . Wood remained dry and the covers never moved although we had wind gusts of at least 30 miles per hour.Since I made standing rectangular racks , some water did collect in adepression in the fabric at the top but the water did not leak through.It held about a bucket of water so I knew I had to do something about it.I removed the rack cover in less than 20 seconds , my wife helped me , and screwed a thin piece of plywood ,8 feet by l6 inches to the top of the rectangular wooden frameand replaced the Rack Cover . This way no water willcollect at the top but run down the fabric placed over the plywoodlog-rack roof . I am glad I bought the Log - Rack Cover . Most of the otherstuff I saw looked weak and would probably not stand up to the weather wehave down here on the Gulf .
 This cover is made of a plastic type material . Its not bad , but per the picture I was expecting a canvas type material . My mistake for not looking further . I have not had a chance to use it , but I looks like it will work okay . It was the best on for the price I could find on the net . Good luck
 This cover is an improvement over my last one which was vinyl and ended up all torn up . I think this nylon one is a BIG improvement .
 Easy to use , fits the small log holder perfect . Ca n't judge it 's durability with snow yet , as of 1/9 , NJ has n't had any . Looks much better than those ugly tarps .
 I 've owned this log cover for 18 months , so have endured 2 harsh winters and two scorching summers here in Massachusetts . The cover fits perfectly over my log rack , and presents a tidy appearance . The velcro holds it tight against the logs and prevents wind from getting underneath and billowing it out.It looks best when the log rack is full , so that the cover is squared off at the top , but it 's still attractive enough when the firewood runs a bit low.Of course , the real benefit to this is that no matter what the weather is outside , I can always get dry wood to start a fire.A well made product that shows no sign of cracking or ripping any time soon .
 This patio table was quite a bargain ! It arrived in good shape , was incredibly easy to assemble , and was a perfect match for the Astonica chairs I had purchased the month before . A definite value for the money .
 I have had my love seat for more years than I can remember -- however , the old cushion was treated rather badly by an aging cat who thought it was her litter box -- finally I had to throw it out , after repeated laundering did not remove the odor . After trying out different less-than-perfect options in the form of small seat cushions mashed together , I finally googled `` Love Seat Cushions '' and found the perfect replacement from Amazon ! My new cats like the love seat more than any other nesting place in the house , and I do too ! It is beautiful and comfortable , and just the right price . Thank you , Amazon !
 I bought the cushion for a bench on my front porch . We fly the American Flag daily , so I wanted something patriotic - this fit the settee perfectly and it 's Red , White & Blue -LRB- with a little tan stripe added in -RRB- . It 's very comfortable , thick enough you do n't feel the seat bottom and construction is sturdy and well made . It 's a great addition to my porch . Very satisfied with my purchase.Shipping was very fast and tracking was easy.No worries .
 I neeeded a replacement cushion and wanted it to be in the same colors as my previous cushion . Stores have gone to dark colors and blues were difficult to find . This arrived quickly and colors were as pictured . My toss pillows from my previous set look great with the new cushion . I should have measured more carefully because this cushion is slighly shorter in depth , but works fine . I already have received an inquiry from a friend on where I purchased it .
 This cushion is BEAUTIFUL ! The cushioning is easily 2 '' loft and springs back great . The fabric is very rich and lush looking and it is a joy to look at out the window !
 This is a very sturdy canopy with 2 '' tubular frame pieces , the largest I have found for this size canopy . Once assembled this canopy is not flimsy , and I have seen it handle 40 + mph winds easily because it has vents at the top and the strong frame . This is not a flimsy pop-up canopy . Only one flaw , with the frame left assembled and in the weather all year , rust forms on the inside of the framing and starts to discolor the power coat . Suggestion , build and then use with legs mounted in 75lbs or more of quikrete in 4 plastic planters from Lowes . I have it this way on my concrete patio . It will not move/fly away and it can be easily dissasembled . Since the canopy is tall , you have to stand on your table under the frame to put up the canopy , or have a ladder . If left in a storm , a large amount of rain will collect on the cover and have to be dumped . Cover should be removed for storms .
 This is one sturdy umbrella stand . Plenty heavy and sturdy . Used this to replace one of those plastic stands that you fill with sand , as it did ` nt do well at all . But this one is strong and reliable !
 I bought these chairs at SAMs for about the same price - they are excellent and so comfortable . Easy to move around even thou they look heavy and an expensive look . Easy to clean . Wish I had bought the matching lawn chairs too .
 The chairs look about as good in person as in the photo . Each chair takes about 9 minutes to unpack and 1 minute to assemble -LRB- it comes in 2 parts that just slide together -RRB- . They are comfortable , rotate easily , are sized nicely for most people -LRB- except the largest -RRB- , and provide a very gentle rocking motion thanks to a simple spring . Surprisingly , they are pretty light , thanks to clever design and choice of materials.Be warned that they tend to ship with small but visible quality defects . Two of my four had small yellow stains on the seat , as if someone had used a highlighter pen . Because they are not well packed by the maker , I saw slight damage to the paint finish , and a cracked plastic part on one . Also I saw a crooked seam on the seat fabric.You do n't notice the defects unless you really look , and the overall appearance is good , and the comfort excellent.Since I got them for about half off , I 'm very happy with them . If I 'd paid full price , I would have been unhappy about the small defects .
 After shopping for outdoor furniture at many `` end of season '' sales , I was still going to have to spend $ 225 + for an aluminum rocker chair . And I almost threw my money away on one of them . I found these chairs on Amazon and bought two , just to give them a try . I ended up ordering two more soon after . These chairs are very comfortable and are good even for someone that is tall . The quality/finish is good , but not as good as the high priced alternatives from my local store . I got four chairs for the price of one ! No regrets on this purchase . Five stars is for the quality relative to the price .
 Great product and great price . Much better than I expected . The chair is a very good quality swivel rocker .
 These chairs were given to me as a gift and they are wonderful . They fit on my patio great . They were easy to assemble and and in very good condition when shipped .
 I expected defective or damaged items after purchasing the last two sets in inventory . All were received in good order . These are as nice if not more so than the pictures . Easy assembly , comfort , and good looks make these chairs an excellent purchase .
 I love this bench . It 's light weight , so I can move it around outside easily and it looks so beautiful . The bench looks so expensive and its very reasonablly priced . I love it so much , I just ordered two more for my yard .
 This item is maintenance free unlike a wooden bench that warps and needs restaining . They are easy to move around because they are very light and you ca n't beat the price !
 I love this pattern ! The fabric seems durable , have had it for a couple weeks and I have no complaints .
 this cushion fits perfect on our outside bench and dries quickly if rain on . It is comfortable to sit on and make a nice addition to the bench .
 Chairs came already assembled - 4 in box . Ripped off the protective packaging and they were good to go . Sturdy , comfortable and attractive - a very good value .
 I was very pleased with this purchase . The chairs are lightweight , attractive and comfortable . The thing I thought was a little misleading were the online photos . The product looked as though it was black in color when in fact it is charcoal grey . The color is still nice , but I think people should be aware if this prior to purchase .
 I am very happy with the chairs . They have a great look and look as though they will wear well for a long time . They are very comfortable and give the look of a cushion , but the weather - resistance of the PVC wicker . They also look like a cushioned chair . The armrests are nice and the entire chair itself is constructed well
 These are by far the nicest outdoor chairs we have ever had . They are comfortable and beautiful , looking like wicker . Easy to clean too !
 These look super chic on my deck and are very comfortable . I always get compliments . The seat color is a blackish-brown and the metal is a pewter color , which gives it the flexiblility to compliment other deck furniture .
 Wow ! Great price and great looking ! Arrived by Eagle Shipping right to the back door . The eight chairs came fully assembled and were carefully packed . I did n't know they stacked , so it was a bonus.They are sturdy but lightweight , comfortable too . I 'm using them indoors right now . Easy to pull a few to the table when we have company .
 We found these chairs to be very comfortable and what 's more , a GREAT VALUE !
 My city has been over run with rats this summer , after my purchase of Hawk Bait I have yet to see anymore rats . I would recomend Hawk Bait it worked for me .
 Saw a mouse running along the creek , and figured since there 's never just one , they wereprobably running relays ... so i bought a bucket of this Hawk Bait . Thought I 'd be conservativeand cut a couple of pieces in half -LRB- since the chemical in this stuff is supposed to be pretty powerful , on the list for being banned -RRB- and spread them around . Worked like a charm . It 's been a year . Have n't seen any since.This stuff works .
 i live in the woods and have out buildings , rats think i built it for them.their not welcome here . i have tried other baits that worked for a while , but they get use to them after a while.after putting a few of these out they went untouched for about a week then they were gone , next day i found my first dead one , killed very fast . i ` m impressed .
 Although it took a while for the table to be delivered , I had it set up within 30 minutes ... I did n't have any problem with the screws that other people seemed to have ... sometimes they did n't go in as easily as i would have liked , but using a wrench fixed that problem.Overall , a great purchase for the price .
 it 's a nice contemporary patio table in a petwer color finish . Its well mad and easy to put together and take apart for storage .
 to move around my deck . This is a handsome and comfortable piece that complements our cast chairs . We could not be more pleased .
 Im so very very pleased to have been able to get this table.the cost alone sold me but the table itself is very high end.It came very well packed.I was so happy to get it.B.W .
 I had no problem assembling the table , although I did have some help . The chairs are very comfortable , although they 're light enough that they do tend to blow around during storms.I 've gotten lots of compliments on the set .
 We bought this table as part of a set at Tarjay . It is part of the Target Home line and was part of a table , 4 folding mesh chairs and umbrella set that we saw and bought on Sunday for 99 bucks total . Yep , total . It is by the same manufacturer-I checked with a local patio superstore locally . It was in a color combo that Target calls lafayette -- dark beige mesh chairs with blackish brown metal legs for the table and chairs.Today , Monday , with the umbrella in , but closed , we had very high winds -- and tho we have no umbrella stand yet , nothing bad happened . No lifting of the table , no tilting , no movement at all . The weather was really bad -- light hail , high winds , soaking rains , power outages , etc. . TV weatherman said head indoors -- dangerously high winds and thunderstorms acomin ' so I went in ! Our area and specifically our small , unfenced townhouse backyard is a wind tunnel , so I was fearful and watched from the back window . But it passed the test so I am happy.And the table went together easily in just minutes -- no probs with the screws -- but I did have to hold the legs for my husband to turn the wrench to tighten them to the `` rack '' with the hole for the umbrella , so I 'd recommend two people do this.The negaive ? The finish is applied evenly and smooth but does not seem durable to me . It scrapes off very easily if a screen door frame hits it -- we found that out by accident when we lifted the table upright , thus the 4 stars . Also I would say that if shipped , the cardboard and plastic wrapping in the box probably is n't sufficient to protect the table glass . Since we picked our set up at the store , we had no problems with that .
 great value , could not ask for a better price and the quality is great too .
 Do n't let the sale price fool you . This is a top quality table . Excellent value . We absolutely love it . It was relatively easy to assemble , for one person , though two would make it go faster . It did have a couple of scratches from shipping , but it came with touch-up paint , which worked well . The chairs are great and we are very happy with this purchase . Shipping is a bit steep , but still worth every penny !!!
 Well worth the price . Table top is tempered glass and well made . Easy to put together and quite sturdy .
 The patio table was great , excellent quality and very fast shipping . The problem I had was the box had a hole in the corner when it was delivered and all of the hardware was missing . I contacted the Manufacturer they could not help me , I was only able to send the table back to Amazon .
 Overall I am pleased with this item . The table was easy to assemble and has a nice neutral look . It seems to be well made and sturdy . Since this table was a replacement for a SEARS brand that shattered -LRB- for no reason -RRB- after only a year , the price was fabulous .
 Great seller , will do business again . Item Arrived through a shipping company who provided good customer service .
 Have been using them for many years . They do the job and do it well . I find I have to close both openings a bit for the suet containers because they get rough treatment from the hungry critters . That 's no problem ; easy to do without harming the hanger .
 I 've been looking for these literally for years after having purchased some at a feed store that no longer carries them . I think every store that carries bird seed and feeders should have them , but since they do n't , I am so glad that I found them on Amazon . They are a wonderful invention and are very easy to use to hang bird feeders in places that are hard for squirrels and other animals to reach . They are light and fit on most broom handles . I got the eight-inch version as it seems to do the trick for my birdfeeders . Great product .
 We have many trees in our yard and enjoy feeding and watching the birds . These hangers make it possible to use the higher limbs . Very handy and best price we found anywhere . Speedy delivery .
 Seems to be good quality , putting it to the test , last two replacement forks -LRB- another company -RRB- did n't last , with the dura fork ... so far good ... !!!
 owning a farm and useing these forks every day several times a day they get alot of use . built well and works well . came fast . the challenge is removing the old heads . but once you have that the new one goes right on . I just wish it came with a new screw and bolt to .
 This fork is of tremendous quality yet not heavy like a metal fork . Very fuctional and compact . Durable and attractive .
 We can save significant $ $ by having mulch delivered in bulk . But it used to be a royal pain to load it into a wheelbarrow . NO MORE ! This rake is perfect for the job ! It is angled perfectly at the end to prevent back strain and tough enough to last ! -LRB- I had to get a replacement head as it is not tough enough to withstand being run over by an automobile ! -RRB- The replacement is exactly the same as the original and the service was fast and without any problems at all .
 I love swimming , but used to get bored doing laps . This waterproof mp3 has been a boon -- time flies in the pool . Make sure to get the new updated ear plugs -- you may have to call the company . The old ear phones used to slip out easily .
 This mp3 player was great while it lasted which is not to say that the quality is bad just my ability to keep track of things . Completely waterproof and the headphones sound amazing underwater . Perfect size for swimming.The only con is that the buttons are a little hard to operate and the system is not all that intuitive .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for a nephew and was so impressed with the product when it arrived , I ordered another set for myself .
 I agree with the other reviewers ... this set is abnormally large . The tongs are a bit clumsy because they do n't grab onto hotdogs well . However , all the tools were put to good use at a barbecue and look much better than our old set.The price is now $ 19.99 but I paid $ 8.50 . This set is a great value if it ever goes back to that price .
 This set is huge . Looks great and works great , but the tongs are so large they darn near require 2 hands to operate and they are hard to grab onto some things with -LRB- hot dogs , potatoes , vegetables -RRB- . Overall though this set is excellent .
 This bench has a great look . We use it at the foot of our bed to hold the spread and extra pillows each night . You can sit on it , but I would not use it for extra seating when having a large gathering at out house . Probably would not hold up under theweight of adults for very long .
 When you are out of Schlitz , you are out of beer ! My father is a Schlitz collector and this was right up his alley . Made a great fathers day gift . This is not a cheap plastic sign , it 's a legit outdoor quality item .
 These were a lot nicer that what I expected - a bargain at $ 27 . The only downsides are that I think they are probably too smokey to be placed on a table -LRB- we place them on the ground -RRB- and the fill hole is a bit small . Filled with Citronella , they last for hours , and are not impacted by the wind or rain . These have a reserved spot in my camping equipment from now on .
 Very pretty , well made . They have been out our deck which gets a lot of weather -LRB- we live in the mountains -RRB- and they still look great . Produces a good flame . Very happy with this item .
 These are well-constructed and portable . I ordered two sets , and they are an essential for every camping trip we take now . They look nice , though if you are n't careful with the oil they can get a bit dirty . Also , they can be a bit messy to open up and refill , but as long as you are prepared with something to clean your hands it should n't be a problem .
 Great product for the price ! I only had two small issues with them
 Energetic flame but not overpowering . There are no protective wick caps or snuffer but I like them anyway .
 These are great lamps . I do n't know why people are complaining about the height of the flame or how hard it is to blow them out . I adjust the wick to stick out about 1/16 '' and it produced a 1 '' tall flame ... Looked great . Blowing out was easy . Maybe these people that have the wick sticking up 1/2 '' or more are having problems with extinguishing the flame - buts that way too high . Just wish the fill port was a little larger . Work great though .
 I shopped around for this type of item and these are great for the price . They are large and solidly built , and the wick holders are fantastic at keeping the wicks from falling into the candle . Also , you get 3 extra wicks and wick holders , which is a great thing by itself . I 've only used them twice so far but they worked great . The flame is high , but you can always adjust the amount of wick that is exposed . Filling them is a cinch , and they hold a good amount of oil . The one thing I will note is that I have not left them outside , so I do n't know how they would handle weather .
 Recently purchased these Strathwood oil llamps for my Tiki Bar , they are well constructed and hold plenty of oil . They also look good around the bar . recommend for the price .
 Ordered one set . They exceeded my expectations . Ordered 2 additional sets , another set for me and one for my mother . Very nice lamps . We use them on our deck at night . They give a large flame , exactly what I wanted . I would recommend these to anyone looking for oil lamps to set outside . Would have given 5 stars if they would have came with a snuffer . But , each torch in the box does come with an extra wick , so 3 extra wicks included .
 These little guys are awesome ! For being so small they do give off quite a bit of light . We use them in our backyard when we have a fire , or camping to light up our pathways ! I 'm just waiting to see how the copper looks at the end of summer , because we do keep the lamps outside !
 I have used these oil lamps 4 times so far on my new deck , the wicks were alittle long , so i unscrewed the caps that hold the wicks , and very carefully i held the wick holder and pulled the wick farther down until just around a inch of wick was sticking out of the cap , i filled the lamps half way up , i gave the wicks around 2 hours to soak . after the wicks burnt for around 15-20 minutes , you get a nice 3 to 4 inch high flame . when i need to put them out , i use a old coffee cup as a snuffer.i am very happy with them , they were money well spent .
 I have a tiny little porch , minor bug problems and no lighting out there . One of these is more than enough light for what I needed and I 'm thinking of moving one to the back porch . The citronella oil on Amazon is a rip off . You can get a big thing of it at Home Depot for $ 10 and some change . Anyway , these are solidly built , nice holders for them , easy to refill , and even came with three extra wicks ! I am very impressed overall !
 These are nice items but wish they could have been a bit larger . Very nice looking but small in size .
 These lamps are wonderful . I use them on our patio and have received nice comments on them from friends & family . I liked them so much I 've bought them as Christmas gifts this year . The only reason I did not give these 5 stars is they do not come with snuffer caps . I prefer to leave them outdoors all summer and the wicks need protection from rain water . I found some black snuffer caps online and ordered separately . They 're not a perfect fit , but they get the job done . If these lamps included snuffer caps they would get 5 stars !
 These -LRB- not so -RRB- little lamps are perfect for placement on my covered porch , by the hot-tub , etc. . The bases are sturdy , nice thick wicks . The ` lamps ' are approx 5-6 '' across , so hold a lot of torch oil . The copper is clean and shiny , so they look really nice , not like cheap tiki-torches . Came with three extra wicks too ! Could n't be more pleased . Very good value for the price!Addendum 6/8/11 . There are a few issues with the huge flame burning the fuel quickly . TRIM THE WICKS to avoid 10 '' flames ! Also , you 'll need a snuffer to extinguish them , the thick wicks are extremely windproof !
 I organized a beach party , i put them on the table , they looked awesome , and they did not get too hot , it was such a cozy atmosphere .
 My friend got them on time and was delighted with her gift . They are nicely sized and she ca n't wait to use them on her patio !!!
 I bought these as a gift and they are really nice . A bit smaller than I thought but definitely heavy and sturdy . I would purchase again for my own home .
 These lamps are both great and cheap . The quality is really good and they look beautiful on display . Also the fact they are made of copper and you can display them with or without the stand is great .
 I 'm a tough critic , and I must say that these are the best lanterns for the money . They 're beautiful , kick off a lot of flame , and look beautiful on my railed square deck . They provide great ambiance at night and keep the mosquitoes away . They were left outside all summer in the Pacific Northwest and they still look just like new . It 's nice to get a good product , worth the price , that will obviously last -LRB- and they provide replacement wicks too ! -RRB- . Absolutely worth the purchase .
 These are fantastic . The quality is excellent . They come with 3 extra wicks . The wicks are fiberglass and will last a long time -LRB- several gallons of fuel each -RRB- . Finish on them is very nice and exactly like they are pictured .
 These lamps burned very well and look very stylish . Mine do n't sit perfectly in the bases but you only notice when you move them around.Recommended !
 These were a very nice addition to our deck . Very attractive . Well built . Give off plenty of light and gives off lots of smoke to repel mosquitoes.They do go through quite a bit of oil so buying the half gallon size containers of citronella is a good idea . And they will rust if left exposed to the elements .
 I just got these last night and I love them . They wo n't blow out and I like the large flame . This summer , Round Rock is having clouds of mosquitos , and I really needed something that worked . These are great . One reviewer spoke of difficulty putting them out . I use an empty food tin can turned upside down over the flame ... works very well , just be careful because the can gets hot , but will put them out quickly .
 Living in te Pittsburgh Peguins area , this flag was a welcomed arrival , we get many &#34; compliments &#34; from friends and neighbors !
 I bought this rip guide because it was said to fit the Ridgid 6-1/2 - inch framing saw . It does , in fact , fit perfectly . The design is rip-guide basic , with no frills or accessories . It is , however , just a bit more rigid and of thicker metal than I had expected . For a basic circular saw accessory , this is good value for the money . The four stars indicate just what the definition for four stars states
 We have 5 water garden ponds and love them but have found it very difficult to keep them clean as much as we 'd like . I have tried various methods ... even bought a shop vac that pumps water out but it 's not a continous cycle and occasionally it gets stopped up and it made cleaning the ponds extremely tedious . This Pondvac is wonderful . It was easy to put together and begin using immediately and although I am still working on cleaning my ponds , I can see the light at the end of the tunnel . I do n't think that my Koi have ever been happier . I would buy this product again in a minute and wish that I had known about it before I did all those other things . I think that anyone with a fairly large pond would love it . It works just wonderfully .
 I work full-time in the pond industry installing , maintaining and repairing ponds . We have several service trucks that are out on the road everyday making sure our customers ponds are crystal clear . That being said , every one of our trucks has a Pondovac 3 in the back . This is the best pond vacuum out there . It 's pricey , but you get what you pay for.I decided to type this review after reading the other negative reviews on this site . I use a Pondovac 3 EVERYDAY for a PROFESSIONAL pond service . If you ca n't use this product , it 's you , not the vacuum . Even if used everyday , these vacuums last many , many years .
 The pondvac makes cleaning debris , rocks and gravel quick and easy . With a 2500 gallon pond , the long tubes make reaching all areas quite easy , and the vac itself is very strong . Made the pond twice as clean in minutes , and tucks away neatly ! WELL worth the money , the time you save will more then make up for the price .
 The Pondovac 3 is expensive no doubt about it ; however , if you can afford it , you are buying a quality product that makes it easier to keep your pond crystal clear . I am impressed with the construction of the vac . It is well designed and sturdy . The suction is powerful . The reach is at least 6 feet deep . I only use 3 of the 5 hose segments for my three foot deep pond . I considered this purchase for three season 's . I reviewed several vacuum 's on the market . The Pondovac is the most expensive but I decided to take the plunge this year . I am not getting any younger and paying someone to maintain my pond would be very expensive . In the long run , I will be saving a lot of money by continuing to clean the pond myself . I searched numerous sites for the best price and decided that Amazon offered the best price . Do n't be fooled by the stated price since the cost of shipping is high relative to other sites but the all in cost was still the best I could find .
 Sweeping a pond is not a task for the faint of heart . This vacuum makes the job quit a bit easier , and the vacuum stays clean -LRB- mostly -RRB- .
 I 've used the Oase pond vac twice now and it really gets all the gook out . It is a little sensitive if it 's placed to high or low compared to the water level but this can be overcome by moving it to the right spot . It has plenty of suction and I 'm pleased with it so far !!
 What great service and WOW results . More than I expected from this product . What a wonderful way to expand your orchid collection . I had immediate results . New spikes growing and new keikis within 15 days ! YES in 10-15 days you can see and no stress or damage to the mother orchid . I am very excited and very grateful . Oh did I tell you I was a novice at this . THANK YOU !!!
 You need only apply a tiny amount -LRB- on the tip of a toothpick -RRB- to stimulate suckering on plants . 15mls is more than enough for a home gardener 's use .
 I used this product on a Adenium -LRB- Desert Rose -RRB- about 2 weeks ago and it is growing multiple shoots everywhere I used the Keiki Grow . Untreated areas only grow a single shoot.Although this is billed as a product for orchids it works on other plants as well .
 Fits my G series Karcher 3,000 PSI Pressure washer . It does covers all areas except the bottom . Good design . Did n't have to collopse the handle to fit . Also has a ajustable belt connector to help keep the cover on . Would reccomend this to help protect your pressure washer .
 This cover fits our pressure washer perfectly . We store the pressure washer outside , and the cover also protects it from the elements . We are very pleased with the quality as well .
 Fits perfectly to my Generac pressure washer . I think the cover is a universal one and heavy and reinforced where it should be . Water proof for sure . Would buy it again without question .
 This cover does an excellant job of covering the entire machine . It also is very good at staying on due to the elastic bottom . Winds coming thru our carport do not blow off the cover as prior tarp covering did , regardless of how I tried to keep it on .
 It was exactly what I expected . It fit and seemed to be well made and heavy enough to do the job .
 I bought this cover to keep dirt and grime off of the power washer I also bought . It fits great and it is doing its job well .
 This product covers our upright Husky power washer very effectively . I do not find the quality flimsy at all , the waterproof fabric is the same weight as the cover we use for our lawn mower .
 Great item , does exactly what I want it to do , the price was right and the shipping was outstanding .
 Excellent quality cover and Amazon was great to deal with and I received my item quickly !!
 I like to keep all of my seasonal equipment covered dur the off season . This cover fits perfectly , is well constructed and is exactly what I wanted !
 I have had this generator for almost 4 years without any problems . It has Robin-Subaru e13 engine in it and is very reliable.The only problem I had was that fuel tank mounts were glued and came off .
 Bought this as a gift for my Dad to use on the Huntington grill we got him for Christmas . I was n't sure what to expect when I ordered it since it cost less than half of what I paid for my Weber cover . I was quite pleasantly surprised ! The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because we have n't gotten to see how durable it is yet , but it seems very well built !
 Used this to add extension hose to power washer . Hooked two hoses together and now do not need to move power washer to do most jobs . No loss of pressure that I could tell .
 The coupler was an item I was looking for - for quite some time and was please to find it at Amazon . It was a fair price and I received in a timely manner .
 Right adapter for the job , No leaks and easy to install and uninstall . Should out live the hoses and last for a life time
 I live in Central america -LRB- Guatemala -RRB- and mosquitoes have been bad here this year . There is also a lot of Dengue fever , which is mosquito borne . I leave my doors open because of pets durng the day , and by evening , there are lots of mosquitoes in the house . Although I use a mosquito net at night for sleeping , I was tired of all the mosquitoes buzzing around my house so despite the wide range of reviews on this product I decided to buy it when I saw it in a local hardware store.I put it in my darkened bedroom and turn it on once it begins to get dark . I let it run for about 3 or 4 hours before I go to bed . The light is a little bright for sleeping . From the first time I used it , this little machine has captured 15-20 mosquitoes a night . It really is amazing . When I take out the catch tray , you can hear them all buzzing , that high pitched whining sound that usually drives me crazy at night . I put the catch tray in the freezer for 15 or 20 minutes to kill the little buggers.Needless to say , my new Stinger was a hot topic of discussion at the gym , and I believe most of my friends are also going to get one now.So , perhaps our variety of mosquitoes are more drawn to this light than others , but I am thrilled with this machine ; so thrilled in fact that this I decided to write my first amazon review in hopes of helping someone make up their mind .
 I purchased this about a year and half ago , not even reading the reviews . I was desperate and tired of being miserable with bites ! I love it so much that I have bragged to my friends and clients on how great it works , and they too have purchased with positive results . We ca n't believe how much bugs actually live in your house during the winter months . It has trapped 3-10 bugs on a monthly basis during the winter . Summer months I had at least 10-25 weekly . To get the maximum benefit , it 's important to understand the concept . If you purchased it for an isolated area -LRB- bedroom -RRB- and all the family members hang out in the family room , then most likely you will only trap 0-3 in the bedroom . I keep it on 24 hours a day in the family room -LRB- It has trapped baby to adult mosquitos , flies , and even moths -RRB- and every night move it to my bedroom cause all it takes is one little bug that thinks your their midnight snack or living pantry , and that 's one too many bite damages I prefer to prevent.I am now purchasing one for a friend and have actually started reading the bad reviews and decided to write my first review , ever ! I did n't want others to get discouraged or suffer from mosquito bites ... It really does work ! The down side is , it 's a bit loud but it 's something you can get use to ... . so much better then having bug bites ! As far as the light , it 's a great night light for my doggies!I still gave it a 5 star on efficiency , but I would like the company to improve the noise factor . But then again , it 's better than being miserable !!!
 We bought one of these units because mosquitos kept getting into our bedroom and buzzing around at night biting us.The first night that we used it , it trapped 4 mosquitos . You can not imagine the satisfaction of seeing them trapped in the machine . We have had the unit for 3 years . We only use it when we see a mosquito buzzing around in our room -LRB- seasonally -RRB- . But every time we see one , we know that it will be in the trap the next morning.Put the unit far away from your bed and face it away from you because the light is bright and the fan is noisy , but it is like beautiful white noise knowing that the stupid mosquitos will be inside the trap and not buzzing around your head at night .
 Bought one of these for my granddaughter 's room . Have been waiting for feedback from the kids on how it was working but they could never remember to check it . Sure seems like everyone either loves it or hates it . Finally got feedback today and they said it had lots of mosquitos and a few flys in it . Will be ordering a few more for our house as nothing worse than trying to sleep with the buzzing going on .
 I read many reviews about the Stinger mosquito trap which left me feeling skeptical about buying it . However we were so tired of seeing our small children with big mosquito bite whelps on them in the mornings due to mosquitos inside at night attacking them . I took the chance and bought it . We live on a river surrounded by swamp land , the absolute worst place for aggressive mosquitoes . We have tried so many different ways to prevent/kill mosquitoes with not much luck . The only way to kill them indoors is to use a flyswatter . This can be so tiring when trying to chase mosquitos around your ceilings . So the Stinger Mosquito trap came in the mail and we set it all up that evening on our bar in the kitchen . For the night it was the only source of light on in our home in the living room and kitchen area -LRB- very close to our garage door & back door where the mosquitos enter -RRB- . The next morning we discovered the Stinger Mosquito trap caught 7 mosquitos , fruit flies , 2 moths , and few other little bugs we could n't identify . We have been using the indoor mosquito trap the past few weeks only at night and turning it off every morning . We consistently have mosquitos and other bugs in the trap . The kids have not had a bite inside since having the Stinger mosquito trap . My husband and I are able to relax at night and not feel mosquitos flying around us . We laughed when we plugged it in because other reviews say `` it is so loud '' . It is not loud at all and truthfully if you were to have it in a bedroom it would be a great sleep aid with the white noise . It works great for us ; we have not had anything break . If it were to short out on us we will for sure be buying another one ASAP . It is really worth your money if you have a problem with mosquitos inside . It has been a lifesaver for us . Do n't listen to all the negative reviews .
 Let 's face it , you do n't know mosquitos unless you live in Louisiana ! I purchased this item last summer and have been very happy . We have an inground pool and koi pond in our backyard and it 's a breeding ground for mosquitos . Everytime you open the backdoor , 10-15 mosquitos come in . We were getting bit everynight . After I purchased this item , I was pleasantly surprised by the results . The other reviews read the fan is noisy ... it 's better than hearing mosquitos buzzing in your ear ready to feed off of you . It is no louder than an air sanitizer , which to me is almost soothing . The light is bright , but we put ours in a place where it appears no brighter than a regular night light . Great purchase without any regrets . Very easy to clean .
 This product definitely works if used as directed . It must be in place where it is the only main light source . I put it in the darkened bedroom during the day and move it to the den or kitchen when I go to bed and it works like a charm . I am entering this review as I order a second one to cover 2 bedrooms and both kitchen and den . The only thing that would make it better is if it interrogated the beasts to learn how they are getting into the house .
 I 'm very satisfied with this product , I live in a tropical country and the trap catch huge amounts of moquitos , in the first week was caught over 50 individualsI suprised with the comments saying that trap do n't catch any mosquitos and catch flies -LRB- in my case any fly was catched by the trap -RRB- . I suspect that the mosquitos species are different in their yards or the trap was located near a competeting light source , the best position is in a dark conner and putting it at work all day around.In my country we have the following genus Aedes , Culex , Anopheles , all them was trapped , moth also
 I was a little skeptical from the amazon reviews . I caught 5 mosquitos inside my house the first night I used it . I did n't think I had that many in my home . Use it at night when light from the unit is the only light in the room . The people that have not been happy with the unit likely tried to use it during the day . I have n't caught nearly as many during the day .
 despise mosquitoes , love my stinger indoor trap ! we used it all summer . it definitely worked for us . when the kids left the door open too long and a mosquito or two had gotten in the house , i did n't freak out . i know the mosquito trap will get them . gives me peace of mind . if you are humane , you can always let them outside after you catch them-not that i am . the noise is n't intrusive . more of a white noise which did n't bother any of us . it doubled as a night light . i kept it on when we went to sleep and the purple glow from the light worked perfectly as a night light . 100 % satisfaction !
 The fan is audible , a whispery rushing sound that 's not particularly obnoxious , but in the same room you will hear it . The ultraviolet light shines into a dark room , again noticeable , but not unpleasant . We find insects in the trap on a regular basis . I like the idea that you have the option of freeing the insect outside , or you can leave it trapped in the unit to die of dehydration .
 Before purchase I read the other Amazon reviews on this product . Basically half liked it and half disliked it . Not good odds , so I ordered with trepidation . I installed it in my new house where I had been previously savaged by mosquitoes . The first night it caught 50-60 , the second night it caught about 20 and since then it has caught a couple every night and I sleep soundly without awaking to bite marks over my body . The noise is easily tolerable and you soon get used to it . Count me as a satisfied customer !!
 I have been very impressed with this machine . I bought it after seeing mosquito bites on my infant one morning . We set it in the hall at night , and have caught 100 's of mosquitoes and other flying insects over the past year . I ca n't think of a more appropriate device for the job . The set up is very adequate for indoor use .
 We are immensely pleased with this mosquito trap . We just moved to New Mexico , where `` swamp coolers '' are the norm instead of air conditioners . These things produce a lot of stagnant water , so we have mosquitos buzzing all over the place . Every evening , we turn out the lights of the house , turn this thing on and head out for a little while -LRB- to do shopping , mall-hopping , etc -RRB- , and when we return , we find that this thing has trapped quite a few mosquitos . It does n't always capture them all , but it gets most of them for us . I was really apprehensive about buying this after reading some of the negative reviews , but am glad I did .
 This is the second bug trap we have , our first one broke after 4 years , which was used heavily by us.Attracts all kinds of flying pests , it works really nice .
 My wife and I live in a rural area near a lake have had a problem with gnats getting through our screens at night and generally tormenting us . It is not unusual to find dozens of them on our walls in the morning . We encountered this product in a Wal-Mart as a package deal with a bug-zapper . As we did n't want both , we opted to order this trap from Amazon . I admit that I was a bit skeptical after reading some of the reviews , but figured to give it a try anyway , as I was tired of going to sleep with occasional buzzing in my ears and waking up with bites.I must admit that I was pleasantly surprised .1 . It caught a lot of gnats -LRB- ca n't comment on mosquitos as we never had any in our house -RRB- . The first night alone , it caught well over a dozen of them .2 . The light is a bit bright -LRB- especially for bedroom use -RRB- but I turned it to face the wall with some improvement .3 . It is not as loud as some reviewers stated . About as loud as a fan -LRB- go figure -RRB- which I found kinda soothing in a white-noise sort of way .4 . Easy to use and empty and sturdier than some reviewers would have you believe.All in all , a pretty good product . Does what I wanted it to rather effectively . It lost a star just because of the brightness of the lamp but I guess that that is a necessary evil to catch the little beasties .
 This product has worked great for us . We live in the deep south , and there are lots of mosquitoes . We wanted something that would help get rid of mosquitoes and keep them away from those of us living in the house ! We have a couple of dogs , so the door stays open a lot from us letting them in and out . We caught a couple of mosquitoes on the first night . So far , it does what it says that it will do . It wo n't capture everything because flying insects tend to hide all over in the house . However , we do have a lot fewer flying bugs ! It has caught flies , mosquitoes , moths , and other flying critters . I recommend it . It 's worth a shot for the price .
 I bought one of these for my aunt a few months ago . She lives in Louisiana and mosquitoes always seem to sneak into the house whenever someone goes through the front door . The mosquitoes on her property are very small , so it 's harder to track them down and kill them like you would with normal sized mosquitoes . She had good results right away with this mosquito trap , so my parents asked me if I would get one for them , too . So this is the second one I 've purchased . I have n't used it myself , but everybody seems to be happy with it.My aunt mentioned that she does n't use it in her bedroom while she 's trying to sleep , because it has a light and makes a little noise .
 i bought this not to long ago . i bought it cause i was waking up with mosquito bights , i wouldnt see any in the day time . so i went out to buy something to kill them at night.for some reason i attract mosquitos , when ever one else is fine im the only one that they go for . no mater were i go.ok , so i came home pluged it in left it on all night . -LRB- i bought from store called OSHA , i didnt get it from amazon -RRB- i thought it didnt work at all , cause i was still waking up with mosquito bights . so i was going to return but before doing so i checked the bottom trap door and out popped out a few mosquitos . so im thinking it works for smaller type of mosquitos so the fan can suck them in.first 2 weeks i would still wake up with bights but fewer and fewer , now after 3 weeks i woke up to no mosquito bights . i have it on day and knight and still working fine . the light is bright so i use it as a night light . so im happy . i gave it 4 stars cause the fan is some what loud but it does what is says it should do . also my 5 year old is able to sleep close to it with out a problem -LRB- its about 1-2 feet away from her head since its close to the couch -RRB- . hope this helps out people .
 I bought one of these for my 4-year old son who was getting constantly bitten at night . I am guessing the bugs were attracted to his night light . After arrival , he went the rest of the summer without a single bite -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . So , it at least seems to work wonderfully with Seattle mosquitoes .
 This device works fine but will not work miracles . I previously used a regular electronic stinger indoors but worried about the fire hazard . Bugs come near this and many miss but if you leave it on all night in a dark room , it eventually gets most .
 I live in the tropics and got this at Costco in the bundle mentioned by other reviewers.I have a serious mosquito problem in my house , especially after we host parties and people leave the doors open for more than 3 seconds . This thing has been catching 20 mosquitos a night for me . I 've had it in my closet , in my kitchen just setting in my bedroom . I leave it on all day and just move it around the house as I see fit . It 's a little bright to have on in the bedroom at night but I put it back there during the day and it still catches quite a few.I could n't be happier with this product and will probably purchase a few more .
 The product is good . It is not that loud . We have not seen any mosquitos in the house since we go this product . I recommend it . As for Amazon , the shipping was outrageous and it took over 2 weeks to get the product . I got two emails stating that it was being shipped and the tracking numbers did not work and the estimated delivery date was wrong . It took way too long . I would not order from there ever again .
 Stinger Insect Mosquito Indoor TrapI bought this product to reduce bugs in the house as a result of me letting my cats outside at night thru i little door that has no flap out to my backyard . I turn the bug trap on at night and find 12-15 bugs in it every morning . I bought it mainly for mosquitos , but it mostly catches moths . My goal was to limit the amout of bugs in the house and I believe it does just that . It makes a good night light also . The fan motor is noticable but it kind of has a soothing hum , like when a computer is on , you do n't really notice it . If my bug problem was not solved , I would have bought another one , but one seems to do the trick
 We bought ours in the beginning of the summer and I was skeptical . In fact the first night I set it up in the living room at night with mosquitos buzzing around and the did n't seem at all attracted to it , me on the other hand was a different matter . Anyway we set it up in the corner of the bedroom and turned it on at dusk , when mosquitos are most active , with in a couple days the night time bites subsided . Now I 'm dumping out about 30 dead mosquitos a week , it has made a huge difference.I have never wrote a review but if anybody else is plagued with being woken up at night with buzzing in your ears and itching skin this would defiantly be a product to try , it beats wearing DEET to bed .
 We too had a fruit fly problem ! We tried many things to get rid of them from electric fly wands to fly paper . We bought this Nosquito and right away this thing was catching them Fruit Flies and taking care of the problem . My daughter once ate half an orange and left it out on the table and some fruit flies gathered on it . I moved the partial orange in front of the Nosquito and viola all the fruit flies are gone lured to the Nosquito by an orange ! Very sweet product for Fruit Flies . It does make a air cleaner type noise , the light is a little distracting indoors and it does n't seem to catch mosquitoes or regular flys very well but this thing is great for Fruit Flies ! I 'd highly recommend this product if you have Fruit Flies but less so for other insects . This product name is wrong and should be renamed to something more in line with Fruit Fly Terminator . Get it if you have Fruit Flies !
 This product works amazing . I use to wake up with Mosquito bites all the time . After two days for running the machine all mosquitos were gone . Great product buy it !
 I have had this product for more than 2 years . I have used this both indoors and outdoors . At one poit this unit was turned off and got caked in dirt and muck . I removed the bulb , washed it down , let it dry , and was amazed when it started right back up . This unit is still effective and zapping all kinds of bugs , day and night . This is why I am buying another unit .
 This is an excellent product that I bought from Costco ; I have two ; one is in constant operation . The bulb died very quickly , 3 months , a major downside . But the flexibility of the device allowed me to rig-up a portable uv light inside the trap . The device still works as the day I got it . I use two of these in my apartment b/c I live close to water and have lots of mosquitoes , flies and , incredibility , spiders . It is as loud as a small box-fan , noticeable , but necessary to avoid the bites . If you rig-up a party-uv bulb instead of the included bulb , it will work like a charm . The included bulb offers no advantage , its the design of the device and any uv-bulb . Cleanup , both a good and bad thing , sometimes requires a can-of-air from the dust and tweezers for those not-so-easy remains . All-in-all , the best `` residential , '' in-home solution for fighting flying pests .
 We have a small fruit fly problem in our house , so I picked one of these up , not sure what to expect since the reviews seem to be so love-it-or-hate-it here . Thankfully , the trap is performing wonderfully for our purposes , and after the first two days there were over 20 flies caught . I think that this device would work very well for any very small insects like fruit flies , mosquitoes , and maybe gnats or anything else that would be unable to fly against the built-in fan 's air suction , but it probably would not be very effective against larger insects .
 I came here to buy an additional unit , since my daughter keeps `` borrowing '' it from me as soon as I fall asleep.I ca n't believe all the negative ratings.I LOVE this product , and have used it almost every night during the warm months for three years , since the same cats that ripped apart my screens have no interest in chasing down the bugs they 've let in . We have clouds of them in Maine.It does n't catch every insect , but it gets a lot of them.Noise ? Yeah , there 's a fan . It 's not as loud as my air conditioner , and certainly not as loud as that pesky mosquito flying around your ear just as you are drifting off to sleep , or that scary moth the size of a small bat that crashes into all your walls.I 'd much rather have the white noise.Light ? Yeah , there 's a blacklight type light , bothered me the first night , now I do n't even notice it . I use it as a nightlight.I empty it outside , and yes , there are always a couple of bugs still alive , but hopefully they go warn their friends to stay away.I would honestly buy it at 5 times the price .
 We live in FL and I have lots of tropical plants that require a lot of watering . Needless to say we get a LOT of mosquitoes in our yard and to top it off my laundry area is in my garage . The mosquitoes are attracted to that area . We bought our first machine over 5 yrs . ago and I set one of these on a shelf above the washer . Poof a WHOLE lot less mosquito bites while doing laundry . The proof was when the machine stopped working -LRB- bulb needed replacing -RRB- and we realized how well it had been working . We replaced the bulb and are still using the machine today . Probably about 2 yrs . ago we bought a second machine to put in the house during the rainy months for the mosquitoes that inevitably end up inside . It really worked ! In the evening the mosquitoes would get into the house from the kids coming in and out all day but with the machine going all night long by morning they were trapped in the machine !! I realize this machine has gotten some bad reviews and wanted to mention that even if you get one of these that quits after a year or two it 's still worth $ 25 - $ 30/yr . I 'll be very surprised if it does n't last at least a year . Keep in mind you have to change the bulb from time to time . B04 4-watts Nosquito bulb by Stinger . If that is n't the problem and you 're handy or have a handy friend try the connection to the bulb . We think our second machine 's connection to the bulb has loosened -LRB- we got at least a year 's use -RRB- and hubby is trying to fix it but if he ca n't we 'll buy another because they work and are worth the money for mosquito free season/year . It is true you MUST ALWAYS remember to slide the switch to power off . Do n't simply unplug it or you will release the mosquitoes that you have trapped before they dehydrate and die . I would not use it in a child 's bedroom in case of a power outage . If you keep one inside your home with trapped insects and you lose power you 're no worse off especially if it 's been a over a day because I 'm told they ca n't live long without food and water -LRB- unless you put it in an enclosed room with a child -RRB- . Before Stinger 's Nosquito I was close to buying the kids mosquito netting for their beds !
 MOSQUITO ARE NOT ATTRACTED TO LIGHT.People who were complaining that this did n't catch mosquitoes have a fundamental misunderstanding about insect biology . Light only attracts moths and insects that have something called `` phototaxis '' . Moths evolved to fly straight at night by keeping the angle between themselves and the moon constant . The moon is very far away so the angle does n't change as they move . An artificial light however is very close to the insect so the angle changes significantly as they try to move . That 's why when they attempt to fly straight near artificial light , they actually auger into the light bulb they were navigating by.This unit , as well as ALL light `` attractant '' bug catchers , is for catching bugs with phototaxis , and it excels at that . I gave it 4 stars because of the EXTREMELY deceptive name of the product . IT WILL NEVER CATCH A SINGLE MOSQUITO , yet it 's called `` mosquito indoor trap '' . Shame on whoever named it that.Mosquitoes are attracted to humans and animals by smell and by heat . Light , if anything , may slightly repel them . If you want to do something about your mosquito problem , turn on a fan . They 're weak fliers , and ca n't get around in strong air currents . Chemical repellent is the only other option that actually works.I use this thing in my kitchen at night all the time to catch moths that fly in the door when people open and close it . It works great for that .
 I have had this for a year , and nothing but success . I bought it for mosquitoes , and found great success with fruit flys . I tried it next to where the dog sleeps , and behold ! - fleas . I plan to buy a second so I do n't have to carry my my present one around , from place to place . As far as the fan sound , it is more of a humm rather than a ` noise . ' Your refrigerator makes more noise .
 This is a great product . Not only does it keep my home mosquito free , it also catches any moths that happen to get in . Living in a rural area , moths are a big problem . That was a very unexpected benefit .
 Owned one of these a couple summers ago and loved it . Somehow we have misplaced it in the house and wanted to find get another one . Looked high and low in the stores and couldnt find it . Came here to Amazon and found it should have known . I love this thing . In the summer and fall we put this close to the front door to get all the little nats and mosquitos that fly in . Would I say that it takes care of 100 % of them no but it drastically cuts down on whats flying around my house . Fan is not loud and blue light is not obtrusive . Would reccommend .
 I live in Manhattan , and have been absolutely cursed by mosquitoes for the past 3 years . Between late April and late September , if I leave the windows open past dusk inevitably the little buggers will find their way inside . So , I tracked down this product -LRB- which was well reviewed -RRB- and figured for $ 30 , why not give it a shot.So I have been using it for several months , and have had mixed success . First , I turn this guy on only at light 's out -LRB- tv off , all the lights off -RRB- . Since I started doing this , I have not had problems getting bitten while I sleep , which is tremendous . Not only that , the quantity of mosquitoes in my apartment has been reduced dramatically . So far , so good ! The issue I have encountered is that whenever I open the catch tray , it is empty . Whether the trap is just attracting the mosquitoes to the light , and then they die elsewhere ; or the universe is playing a cruel joke on me , I can not tell . Regardless , mosquito problem solved.Overall , I am very satisfied because I can sleep through the night without getting crazy mosquito bites . One star knocked off because it does not seem to catch anything.On a few other points that other reviewers mentioned :1 . Very quiet , I do not notice the noise at all .2 . Light is not super bright , but I still would not want it in my bedroom .
 love this item . we have a small living room so we make sure the room is completely dark at night while we sleep and by morning the unit is full of bugs . buying a separate unit for our bedroom . the only con is that the device does not kill the bugs so you have to wait until they are all dead to empty the catch or you risk getting stung .
 We 're snowbirds . We came to Merida , Mexico for five months . We were being eaten alive inside the home we rented . We bought one of these at Home Depot based on a blog mention by an expat who lives here . What a difference this thing has made!But there are some problems :1 . Never attempt to clean the bug cage inside your home . Yeah , the cage is removable , but the `` clamshell '' cage will fall apart , releasing any living skeeters therein . Take the ENTIRE device outdoors for cleaning . Then reassemble and resume trapping .2 . Buy an extra bulb immediately . Do n't wait until the old one goes bad . You wo n't want to be without this device even for a day .3 . Never unplug the device while running . The bugs will be able to exit the trap , as the trapdoor will remain open without power when the power is absent.I counted 24 skeeters in about five days of operation , dead or dull in the cage ! The machine doubles as a nightlight . And the `` noisy fan '' doubles as a WHITE NOISE MACHINE . -LRB- We 're county folks wintering in a city . One person 's complaint is another 's remedy . -RRB- NOTE
 My office has a gnat / midge problem throughout the year . When most people see the unit , they want to hear it make zapping , crackly sounds . They are a little disappointed that it is fairly silent . The internal fan that pulls the insects in is not very strong , but it seems effective enough ! At night it is the only light source in the room and it seems to eventually trap everything . It has even managed to catch a rather large moth . I wish I purchased it sooner .
 This product was a wonderful buy . Amazon did a wonderful job shipping this product . We are having a very fluent year for mosqitoes . Our door opens frequently for our pets . Mosqitoes and other flying insects were getting out of hand . As soon as we set up the stinger it captured all the flying insects in the house . This stinger is an excellent eliminator without having to use sprays or skin products . I would take it camping too . Very clean and efficient .
 We have used this in our cabin in Canada for the last 5 years , and it still runs great and is still effective . Here 's what we found ... for it to be most effective is that there can be no other lights that will attract mosquitos , night lights , outdoor , etc. . Place it away from a window , along a wall , hallway , etc. . Not near sleeping people because their breath is much more attracting than the light . Also , the dark woods of Canada helps as I think as urban areas will have outside lights that will keep the mosquitos near the windows , and if they smell your breath they will migrate toward you . I 'm ordering more for those who come and visit so they can use them in their trailers . Too bad there are several negative responses , you have to think like a mosquito .
 Even though we live in Arizona , we have lots of mosquitoes in our house . We are running the trap pretty much all the time . We have a nice pile of dead bugs in the trap . Even running , it 's pretty quiet and the light gives off a cool eerie glow !
 I 'm not gunna lie , there are mosquito 's in the trap . Which means it works ! A lot of the other reviews talked about it not doing anything when outside , or having trouble pulling the trap out and putting it back in . First of all , this is an indoor unit . I put it in my one bedroom and den apartment , in the corner , turned it on , left for work , and there was a dead mosquito in the trap . Kept it on overnight , woke up , another dead mosquito in the trap . I 've caught about a mosquito or two a day for the last couple days . So it does work!The trap is not hard to take out or put in . You just need to pull it straight out and put it back in straight . I really did not find a problem with it . Now if only it would catch the mosquito 's more quickly , I could wake up one morning without a new bite !
 I used to volunteer at a kid 's camp every year , in coastal mosquito-infested campground . And I mean infested . Every year I stayed in a wooden building with ill-fitting doors , and invariably we 'd get a mosquito at night and it would either eat me alive or keep me up at night . This year , we were warned that the wetter weather created a really bad mosquito problem , and the camp 's propane-powered trap was broken . So I got one of these and set it up , and for the first time in ten years , I slept peacefully all week . There were probably a dozen mosquitos in it by Friday . The fan is not silent , but I was more than happy to live with that for what it did . I plan to bring it to work and see if it works on flies . I 'm tired of hunting them down with rubber bands . And , I got the package deal with the outdoor bug catcher , and hung that one outside our house because we also had probably the worst mosquito year ever . After a month I checked it and it was completely packed with dead mosquitos and a few moths .
 came across the indoor trap and it seemed like a useful thing for next years cycle of flies , skeeters and fruit flies . We unpacked it , plugged it in to check operation and left it running , within an hour or so it caught a housefly that followed us in after our return from shopping . Obviously the device works , even with other indoor house lights and LCD screens on . Buy it , it works
 I got one of these as a part of a package deal containing one outdoor and one indoor trap . I set it out in hope that it would catch European Meal Moths and anything else was a bonus . It catches clothes moths , meal moths , mosquitoes , lady bugs , house flies and anything else unwary enough to `` enter here '' . I found it pleasingly satisfactory .
 This is my second machine in 10 years . You have to have realistic expectations . It is not a miracle , but very effective . I live near rice fields , so have a big mosquito problem . I place the machine in the hallway at night . The Mosquitos get sidetracked by the machine and rarely make it to the bedrooms . It has greatly reduced the number of bites we get at night . I am always amazed at the volume of Mosquitos trapped in the tray .
 I was pretty skeptical about this appliance but was highly motivated to find something to remove mosquitoes from the inside of my home . My state and county are currently experiencing some of the highest West Nile Virus infection rates in the country . Being in the high risk group and having to let two dogs in and out of the house several times a day , I knew I needed to address the mosquito population both inside and outside of the house . I do n't want to cover up head to toe and drench myself in mosquito repellent while inside . Being allergic to most chemical repellents , my best option is to exclude and capture mosquitoes in my home.I have had a few mosquitoes enter the house and have noted them mainly in the morning and evenings when it is dark outside and they are attracted to the lights inside . I did wage a personal war with a flyswatter but wanted a back up plan for the ones I could n't find . So , after reading the reviews , this model looked likely . Moderate cost ; no chemicals ; fairly decent reviews . So , I ordered and it arrived quickly . I set it up on a counter close to the door where the mosquitoes would enter . It is also a central location for any mosquitoes hanging out in the general vicinity of the great room , kitchen and dining room . I truly thought that I had swatted all the mosquitoes into oblivion and no more had entered the house on the day it arrived , nevertheless , I set it up and went to bed.Lo , and behold , there were 4 mosquitoes in the trap in the morning ! I have moved it from one darkened room to another over the course of several days and shut the doors and found at least 1 mosquito in the trap each time . So , I am a Believer ! I am now going to order two more so I do n't have to play musical chairs with the appliance.Yes , it does make some low level noise of the `` white noise '' variety and the blue light is quite bright . It does not bother me and I can sleep ever so much more peacefully knowing I am reducing my risk for exposure to mosquito-transmitted disease . A sleep mask may be in order for those with sensitive eyes if you sleep with it in the same room .
 We 've owned the Nosquito for about 4 years . I got it in a two pack along with an outdoor mosquito zapper from stinger . The outdoor zapper died in one season but we have owned , and used , this one for about 4 years now and the bulb only just went out.The bulb inside is a black light which attracts bugs at night when the house is dark . We have our unit set on a timer and it comes one approximately when we head to bed and the house is completely dark . I think any othe light in the room would make this product less effective . However , in a dark room it does attract and trap small bugs . The fan runs constantly and dries out the bugs and kills them . A lot less stink and mess than a traditional bug zapper.I do think the fan could be stronger so that it could hold bigger bugs but it has managed to trap beetles and inch and half long click beetles . A roach would probably crawl in and out with no worries but if you have roaches this is not your answer!It does not do a thing to attract bugs in the daytime so if you are turning it on in the daytime , or using it oudoors during the day , it will be completly ineffective .
 We were being eaten alive by Mosquitoes due to extra irrigation this summer . We nearly missed this winner but a review caught our eyes from a family who lived on a river surrounded by a swap . The comment was basically , this was the only trap that worked . At under $ 30 dollars , we gave it a try . The first night the mosquitoes were down to a manageable number and the next night , there may have been one or two in the house . Before that , I was sleeping with my head under the sheet trying to keep from being mosquito bait!Highly recommend this product !!! A MOINTH LATER
 I 'm not sure why so many people have issues with this machine , but I 'm glad I did n't listen . We have tried all types of fly/mosquito catchers : The cheapest and easiest way to catch them , inside or outside is with theTAT Fly Paper , 8Pk Fly Paper Ribbon.Another that works very well OUTSIDE is theRescue FTA-SF4 Reuseable Fly Trap with Attractant , but they STINK horribly -LRB- and the smell really travels ! -RRB- . Probably better used on a large property away from people.TheStinger UV40 40 Watt 1-Acre Advanced Bug Zapperis just about the WORST , not worth any amount of money , in my opinion.But thisStinger MA06 Insect Mosquito Indoor Trapdoes the trick very well . We put it in a corner in our kitchen and turn it on at night . It attracts flies , mosquitoes , and other insects with the light , and the fan pulls them into the chamber below where the fan dries them out and kills them . I have NEVER , not even once , had anything fly out when turning the machine on , or emptying/cleaning the chamber . We run water over it before opening it for cleaning , maybe that 's the difference . Anyway , this is the only electronic trap that works for us and we would purchase it again.Noise
 Made drafty house livable . Had been swatting 30 mosquitoes each night late spring & summer , but no more . Stinger machine traps 80-90 % of them . Put the trap in the freezer for an hour & that kills them . Accidentally unplug it for 1/2 hour & yes , some escaped , but not all . Wonderful machine . Hard to imagine any bad reviews . Was a bit hesitant , expecting failure at first - but no way - it most certainly traps mosquitoes effectively & inexpensively with no poisonous bait or methods .
 I took this with me to Sri Lanka -LRB- home -RRB- and I knew this was something I should have bought a loooong time ago . I got rid of my mosquito net and plugged this in . I have to keep the doors and windows closed at 5.30 pm and switch this on for three hours . I go to sleep and let it run for a few mins and if I do n't get bit or hear any buzzing I turn it off . I even add a little air freshner ball to the tray and the whole room smells good after a while.The only problem is if I find it did n't catch a mosquito I have to leave it on and it 's super loud and I got ta sleep facing the other way because of the bright light
 I see all these negative reviews , and I 'm laughing . Mine worked GREAT . Mosquitoes were getting in the house every time we opened the door . Put this in the living room , and they disappeared . It actually drew them away from the bedrooms . So , I 'm wondering how many people here are really customers or jealous competitors .
 I purchased this a short time ago and noticed that the screen mesh on the bottom is larger than the small flying pests that came in my house on my Oregano when I brought it in last fall . This was easily remedied by using my hot glue gun and gluing a finer knit mesh fabric on top of the existing screen . Now the flying pests are staying trapped !
 I bought this product from Ace Hardware : I tried to cancel this ship to store item , but it was too late and it shipped and I took delivery of it ; and I 'm glad I did . I thought my home was mosquito free , but one snuck in and attacked me at night in my bedroom . The next night , I set up the Stinger in the other end of the bedroom and turned it on at dusk to dawn in the bedroom . The next morning , the Stinger captured it and I sent the little vampire to mosquito heaven.It works best in a darkened room , where the bug is attracted by the UV light . The fan noise and the uv light were in the background when I went to bed , and it did n't bother me ; as opposed to hearing that high pitch whine of the wings of the mosquito near my ears , every few minutes and the anxiety of where is it . I 'll take the fan noise any day.Bottom line is , it 's the best purchase this year I 've made .
 This has been a lifesaver for us . The mosquito population where I live is unbelivable.We started using one after one -LRB- maybe two -RRB- mosquitos were in my infant son 's room one night and bit his legs and feet 10-15 times - not an exageration ! By morning his feet and ankles were a mass of welts and blisters . Never again with this mosquito trap!We have trapped mosquitos , flies , gnats , and other annoying flying things most everytime we run it overnight.You will not regret purchasing this mosquito trap .
 I purchased this item for my cabin in Indiana , there are 15 trees on my property within a 3000sq ft radius not to mention all around me . I get alot of bugs due the need for lighting because it gets pretty dark.I purchased this and an outside unit packaged together from Costco when I bought the cabin 4 years ago , the other unit is more of a zapper tpye and we use that too . On the box it stated that one unit was for outside and one for inside so it was self explanatory for me.I LOVE this unit , I keep on the counter next to the sink in a dark corner , it 's a really small corner that I have it in so it 's easy to tell what lands where . I turn off all the lights , the bugs are attracted to the light so they go to it . They enter the unit and it freeze dries them . BUT , they dont ' even need to go INTO it , they just go near it and they FREEZE DRY . I have found NO SEE UMS in the teens and twenties the next morning lying there DEAD . It 's digusting but cool to see . Sometimes , they are DEAD on the walls or on the fridge . I actually was commenting to my husband the other day how great of a purchase this was . I was saying that it 's like bugs are mezmorized or something by the light and that it must be pretty powerful if the bugs land and never move ... . they are frozen dead . It was only today that I happened onto Amazon to search for a large untit for outside -LRB- mosquito magnet etc. -RRB- because it 's gotten pretty bad outside.Like I said it works for us . In fact , I read the negative reviews and I opened it to see how many captures that I have had since April which is the time of year we start coming out here . There are quite a few bugs , moths and mosquitos.YES , it 's a little like having a fan on ... it has a fan in it ... duh.The light is pretty bright too but it HAS to attract the bugs so ... common sense says , turn off all the lights and the bugs will go to it , maybe not right away but you have to give them time to find their way from the screens , windows , bathroom , ceilings and other places to THE LIGHT .
 We and our neighbors were fighting this horrible fruit fly infestation . Put this on the kitchen counter and it 's really made a difference . It 's not perfect . It does n't catch everything . But it 's better than fly strips and those bug zappers . It also catches any stray mosquitoes in the house . I 'd definitely recommend.PS . Some of those other reviews ... I do n't know what they were expecting , a miracle ? : -RRB-
 when it rains we get mosquitos real bad . We like to entertain so when we hae a barbaque people are going in and out . The mosquitos come in also . so at night you look at the walls and see mosquitos or you fell them biting at you . since getting this trapper we dont have that problem anymore . plus its quote it and you dont hear it .
 A good product that works as advertised . We put in juvenile chicken room to cut down on the fly and mosquito problem . The trap filled up with insects on the first night , but remember all the lights have to be out . The only draw back is in the emptying . You must remove the trap and take it outside because some of the trapped insects will still be alive and you do n't want to release them back into the space you just caught them in .
 I purchased the unit for inside my house at night because with recent rains many tiny mosquitoes seemed to infiltrate house . Yes , we have good screens and windows , and no , we do not leave the door open , but mosquitoes find their way in when anyone enters . Outside deterrents helped , but if even one comes in , there is a problem!This is not a cure-all , but it does help . Due to the light and fan noise I keep it in another room at night , but it does attract and trap the occasional mosquito . Definitely worth the price for me , and no breathing in more poisons !
 I love this product . It catches all types of insects , including mosquito 's . It 's best to put it in a dark location so it will attract the bugs .
 This product is so great . I bought 2 , one for each of my kids rooms -LRB- 2 and 3 yr old -RRB- who were getting eat ups by mosquitos . My kids always manage to kick off the covers exposing there legs and arms , and I would find bites all over them , the most alarming were the ones on the face -LRB- poor babies -RRB- . I thought it was bed bugs at first because of the alarming number of bites . I would always do a spot check on the walls and ceiling before putting them to bed , but those buggers would always manage to get bites during early summer.I plug it in and leave it on all day and night . The first day I saw three mosquitos in each , boooya . I love this machine , I only wished it killed those darn things .
 I purchased this bug trap for my office that I built in my backyard . It 's done exactly what it says it will do and eliminated mosquitoes , moths , etc. . It 's not catching flies but I do n't know that it claims it will catch flies . I 'm very , very happy since I can now work in peace .
 It has killed about half the mosquitoes that have been inside our apartment so far this summer . We 've killed the other half , but this machine might have gotten them if we did n't . There are not many indoor traps out there , and in my opinion this one is the best .
 We took this on a camping trip and had this in our tent cabin . It caught lots of bugs , including moths , mosquitos and gnats , and helped us stay comfortable while sleeping . The fan makes a soft `` white noise , '' and the light acted like a nightlight . Great buy !
 After reading the other reviews , I hesitated in ordering this product - wow was I wrong!I bought 2 , put them on a shelf in rooms that are dark at night and where the light could cover a large area , and waited to see what would happenThe first night each one caught 4 mosquitos and one also caught a `` daddy long legs '' to add to the mixEach night after that we catch at least 4 each -LRB- 6 is the record right now -RRB- , and are sleeping better knowing that we will not have bites in the morning -LRB- not to mention the sound of them in your ears -RRB- . As a note - we live in an area not well known for mosquitos , but we got a few anywaysIf you are thinking about buying one , then do so but follow their recommendations for where to place them for maximum effect - they have exceeded my expectationsGood luck !
 yes , the light is a little bright and the fan a little loud . but this gadget is the real deal . it really works . it attracts and confines the little bugs and makes our night 's sleep much more pleasant .
 For years I have been plagued with tiny fruit flies that somehow sneaked in to my house . I have been told they sneak in fruit you buy at the supermarket , or fly in the foor when you walk in . I bought this on a whim , and decided to give it a try . The fan is a little loud -LRB- not really that bad , sounds kind of like a humidifier -RRB- , so I sat it in my kitchen on top of the fridge . After just ONE DAY I caught five fruit flies , a wasp -LRB- did n't know I had that -RRB- , and a stink bug . It also acts a a nice nite light in my kitchen when I raid the refigerator at 3:00 AM . For me its a definite keeper .
 we had a problem with fruit flies in our office and after installing this device within two days all the flies were gone
 I have owned over a year now and the bulb is still working . It attracts nats and mosquitos and once they get close to , the fan vaccuums them into wire basket .
 This product traps all the flying insects in the house while you are sleeping . Its perfect for pet lovers who may carry bugs in their furs . I highly recommend this products
 I was skeptical about buying this since it had some bad reviews saying it did n't work . We live next to a bayou so there are mosquitos year round and they like to hang around the doorways . As a result , at least one gets into the house every time the door is opened . Turns out my infant and 2 year old are both allergic to them ... they swell up into quarter size red welps . Add to the fact that west nile virus is in our area I did n't know how to get rid of them INSIDE the house . Most recommendations are for outside the house which I ca n't control the environment . I did n't want to spend too much money on something that may not work . This works!I have this set up on a bookshelf in the hallway by the bedroom entrances -LRB- upstairs -RRB- . It is somewhat noisy-like a small electric space heater . It has a light that is just a tad too bright which is why it is outside the bedrooms . This runs continuously and I catch at least one mosquito a day in it . My infant has n't been bit once since we had it but my 2 year old did get bit once a couple months ago . This is really worth the purchase and I 'm really glad we got it ! No more welpy kids !
 Caught 7 the first night and around 3 each night . Needs to be in a dark room for it to work the best .
 after returning the first one because the fan was broken , I 'm happy to report that the replacement did what it promised!I 've had it all summer and it has trapped many of the random mosquitos that have made it into my nyc apartment . It 's probably trapped a dozen mosquitos , some moths and other random bugs over the past few months . totally worth the money . Note
 I 've had this product for a week now and so far it has caught 1 fly , and 1 mosquito . This may seem like a low number to you , but I assure you , one fly can ruin an entire weekend . Especially the extra friendly ones that land on your face in the middle of night . I usually end up going to bed raging when a fly is in the house , so this keeps my anger at bay . 1 mosquito ... totally worth it . There are no words that can accurately convey the depth and totality of my hatred for mosquitoes . The mention of the word mosquito always causes me to itch . Knowing they 're being slowly dried out like a piece of beef jerky does gives me a warm feeling in my heart . Ok enough . I do n't live in the swamp , and the mosquito problem is minimal where I live , but I do absolutely hate them , and to catch one is a winner in my book . The blue glow of the fluorescent lamp gives me peace of mind . All this for under $ 30 I ca n't complain a bit .
 My neighborhood has been having serious mosquito problems and this thing is great . No mosquitos are waking up me at night and it caught about 4 mosquitos in the first couple days alone . It works better if you put it high up in a dark place like a closet shelf .
 I purchased this for my boyfriend because his apartment has a weird infestation of mosquitoes , causing him to get bit numerous times in the middle of the night . He and I were both skeptical at first , but after using it for about 2 + months , it 's caught quite a few insects and prevented a bunch of irritating bites ! It 's even caught moths , gnats , and regular flies , so it 's doing more than hoped . The only thing I 'd have to say is a negative , is that the light is extremely bright . If you can get yourself used to a bright blue light glowing over the soft hum of the fan while you sleep , then this product could work wonders . However , if you 're a light sleeper or have trouble sleeping with a light in the room , this may not help so much . All in all , though , this product is pretty amazing .
 This trap caught so many mosquitoes inside our house , we could n't count them ! We set it up on furniture away from the windows , and when it began to get dark around 8:15 p.m. , we turned it on . We 've had a terrible problem with mosquitoes all winter and have been trying everything we could think of to get rid of them . After observing that having the trap door open as far as it would go did n't seem to be trapping mosquitoes , we set the trap door so it was open maybe 1/4 inch . We ran it all night and turned it off at 6:30 a.m. the next morning . The tray was teaming with mosquitoes , but it was easy enough to remove and take to the far end of the back yard to release them .
 I love this product and the company is great , too . This was actually my second unit . The first died after constant use over 3 years . Constant as in approximately 300 nights out of 365 . After contacting the company and explaining the situation , they made provisions for me to get a new one at no cost . While waiting on the new unit to arrive , I also purchased one and gave it away.I highly recommend this item for those that love to sleep with their window open and do n't mind the motor and light .
 This one worked for me and every night it caught three or four mosquitos that had previously been buzzing around my head . Some notes from other reviewers that I agree with - if the mosquito is in the room when you are in the room , this product may not work . However , when it is dark and there is n't anything else to attract the mosquito 's , it did work . I would usually run it for a few hrs in the evening in my room before going to bed , or in another room all night after going to bed and keeping my door closed . Over all , it worked surprisingly well .
 Place this in a dark spot , preferably near standing water , like in your bathroom -LRB- the toilet is standing water -RRB- . They will wander their way to it , they do n't stay put unless trapped in a closed room . I 've had mine 3 days and it has around 30 mosquitoes in it . I did n't ever know there were that many in my house ! I guess they go in there smelling the water , see the UV light in the dark room , and get sucked up .
 We live in Florida and naturally we have lots of mosquitoes . If we have one in the house it will drive me nuts trying to sleep . When we let our dog out into her yard in the evening she invariably brings some back in with her . So I bought two of these . One on the screened in pool deck and one in the house where she comes in from the pool deck . After using them for a week we 've caught many mosquitoes . One night there were 10 in the one on the pool deck ! This is awesome , the one in the house has caught 4-5 . So we 've had very good luck with this trap . I really do n't understand why some people have had such poor luck with them . It 's a very simple design and either it works or it does n't ... hard to imagine why it would n't work for someone . The fan is a little loud , but being a constant noise in an adjacent room it 's not a problem .
 We bought this thing yesterday -LRB- at Walmart -RRB- . We set it up last night & it is amazing ! The lit is bright , so we put it where no one is sleeping . I just checked & there are about 15 mosquitoes in it ! It 's been going less than 24 hours !
 We live in Savannah and just had a Hitchcock-like attack of mosquitoes this spring . Inside . I bought the indoor/outdoor combo set and have mainly used this indoor one so far , having had the set for about 2-3 weeks . I just checked the trap area and there were dozens of dead mosquitoes in there . No other bugs just mosquitoes . So there you have it . I was worried when I read bad reviews but seeing those dead bugs makes me feel so good !
 We live in bug central Florida , and I got this to kill mosquitoes ... it works great . I am not sure what some other reviewers were talking about it will not open if the power goes it does not open . I love it , ran 4 times ... 40 dead bugs . You do have to turn off all the lights so that it works.But I love it !!!
 This item works great . I was a little scared after I saw some of the reviews but decided to give it a shot anyways . To my surprise it did exactly what it said it would do . I set it up in a dark place near the door where most of the mosquitos come in and by the next day I had caught over 10 of them .
 Works great ! No bug zapping sounds to wake you . soft fan is low white noise works great in bedroom .
 I live in Santa Clara , CA -LRB- problem with West Nile Virus -RRB- . Bought it a couple of weeks ago and put it in the living room . I guess it 's only common sense to turn it on at night with all the other lights are off . Works like a charm , caught about 20 + bugs when checked today . 10 + mosquito , some fruit flies and others I do n't recognize.Recommend to anyone !
 I have owned my Nosquito for almost 3 years now , and I am in the process of buying 3 MORE ! Why / , you ask ... Because they work so well that I do n't EVER want to be without one , and I want them in my office , my bedroom and my kitchen.These traps catch a WIDE variety of insects - mosquitoes , wasps , hornets , flies of all kinds -LRB- even HUGE horse flies ! -RRB- , fruit flies , and MOTHS.We have a motion detector/security light on our front porch , and the minute the door is opened to allow entry , my guests are not my only guests if you know what I mean . I mean . it 's really hard to come through a swarm of moths , and mosquitoes and not bring/allow them passage into the house itself.We have a screened in patio , and I would n't think of sitting out there without ` my little bug machine ' ! I currently unplug the one in the living room and take it out there with me . The bugs are drawn to the light and get sucked right into the holding chamber , and I no longer have to slap myself silly while trying to enjoy a nice time of peace and quiet in the warm summer breeze ! How did I ever live without this thing?As far as the ` noise ' is concerned , I have never even had anyone question me about it - and as far as we are concerned -LRB- and I just took a poll of all 6 people that live in the house - the general concenses is `` what noise ? '' My middle daughter said `` It humms the sweetest tune ... There ai n't no bugs on me ! There ai n't no bugs on me ! I would bet there 's bugs on the rest of you mugs , but there ai n't no bugs on me ! `` Personally I like the fact that I can sleep with the covers off and KNOW that in all probability , I wo n't get bit throughout the night and wake up with so much as one single mosquito bite , never mind a whole face full of bites , like I used to.Even my dogs reap the benefits ! And I know this because I came home from vacation , and my dog sitter had not groomed any of our 8 dogs & 2 cats -LRB- all indoor animals that potty OUTSIDE -RRB- , in the two months we were gone - She also had not emptied out the nosquito - and boy was it FULL . And YES ! there were a LOT of fleas in the trap , but none of us got bites on our ankles like we used to . -LRB- and I do n't groom anywhere near as often as I used to , and we still do n't have a flea problem - IF they are even there , they do n't live long enough to breed or become a problem !!! -RRB- Well , as you can see I am a MAJOR fan of the Nosquito , and I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone who does n't like mosquitos or all kinds of other pests that invade your homes and your lives !
 I bought this item a few weeks ago and have noticed a drastic reduction in the number of mosquitoes !!! Even when I do n't see any in the house , I can go back and check the tray and see that it has caught several dozen , large and small as well ! It 's bigger than I thought but is incredibly light . A very good buy !
 I do n't leave reviews for things unless they really stand out as being a good purchase for me . My husband and I often talk about how impressed we are with this grill and how it 's easier than our gas grill was . I bought this grill because my new apartment complex did not allow open-flame grills on the patios . I searched amazon for the cheapest outdoor electric grill that got good reviews and decided on this one -LRB- it also comes in other colors , which had good reviews , but I wanted black -RRB- . I had planned on buying a table to put the grill on , but ended up just using a wooden TV tray that I had which worked out just fine.I had never used an electric grill before so I did n't know what to expect - would it take forever to cook , would things taste different , etc. . Turns out things taste exactly the same as I remember them tasting on the gas grill . I just preheat it on high for about 5 minutes , put the food on , close the lid , and come check on it every 5 minutes or so . I leave it on the highest setting all the time . I 've grilled chicken , steaks , hamburgers , hot dogs , crab legs , veggie burgers and catfish . I do n't remember my gas grill cooking hamburgers this well actually . It 's not easy to burn food on this grill - I 've forgotten about my hamburger and came back like 15 minutes later to find that it had n't burned the side facing down , just started cooking the other side , so I did n't really even need to flip it . I use it maybe once or twice a week . I 've had it for 8 months now and besides having a little grime on it because I never clean it , it works good as new.Putting it together was easy , not very many steps , probably took 15-20 minutes . It 's a pretty good size , you could easily fit 4 hamburgers on there with plenty of room around them . I use it for myself and my husband though , so I have n't put a ton of food on it at once . Amazon does n't have a lot of information or photos of this grill , so I would recommend looking on other websites for more photos and specs.Overall , I would definitely recommend this grill , I ca n't think of any features it is lacking that I need . Since I always leave it on the high setting , I just plug it in , cook my food and unplug it , it 's really easy .
 This grill is exactlly what I wanted . I take it out on the back porch , plug it in . It 's ready to go in 5 minutes . Grill my stuff . And it 's cooled down in 20 minutes . No charcoal or propane tanks . No fuss ! And the food tastes `` grilled '' . Yum !
 So , for so good ! Its much bigger than I was picturing . I use this inside when its too hot or too cold to grill outside .
 I had a smaller grill earlier and it broke so I seen this on here and said what the hell . Well this is much better than my old one because of all the space it has for cooking large pieces of meat . Pretty simple to put together , took about 15-20 min . Cook most of my meat on this thing , well worth the money i got it for it .
 I use these Stinger Octenol zapper bait and I have a lot of skeeters living in Ag country with flowing irrigation . I change my lamp annually as recommended and change out the Octenol bait monthy as recommended ... In the peak of summer I have to take my shop air hose out the door and blow out the bug zapper DAILY . I remove on a daily basis 1/2 to 1 cup of dead dried fried mosquito 's ... If you have n't used an Stinger bug zapper with Octenol bait your are not getting rid of all your mosquitoes . BTW , I have been Stinger zapper and Octenol user and a convinced user for six years after trying everything else on the market only to find I wasted my money . You will see serious results if you follow the directions enclosed with the product .
 This is a good product and performed as described in the description itself , however , there were a couple of disappointments . The first was when the product came , it mentioned that if my zapper was a certain type , or did n't have a particular `` holder '' on the underside of the zapper , that I would have to buy the correct holder for the bait . Since I was being eaten up by mosquitoes , with an average of 6 to 8 new bites each evening when going out to water my garden , my husband opted to tape on the bait on the bottom . It has worked very well . It took about a week to get the mosquitoes under control , and then I was able to go out and sit on my deck or water the garden with no to maybe 1 or 2 bites . A great improvement ! My second disappointment was only 1 bait in the package . For some reason I thought there would be at least 2 baits in there and that was a letdown . It also has a strong smell and probably should be opened outdoors when ready to install in the bait holder . Overall , however , because of the bait 's performance and for the lasting of 30 days or more , -LRB- mine has been at 5 weeks thus far and could be because of the taping ? -RRB- , I would recommend and buy this product from them again . I am saving all their connect info for next Spring in time to order for the upcoming mosquito season .
 Mosquitos here are incredibly thick this year . We tried the citronella repellents and they were ineffective . Nothing is better then drawing the bugs in and burning them . this product enhanced the bug lite tremendously but they need to be replaced every few weeks so I just had to get more . thanks
 Mesquitos are not attracted to bug zapper lights , they find you by your exhaled breath . This stuff when attached to a Bug zapper give those nasty little varmets a reason to fly into the zapper and end there miserable and annoying little lives
 I needed to replace the Mosquito Octenol Lure and because it 's hard to find and you can not beat the price !!! Thanksbigwill360
 We use these to replace baits as the dry out . I am not sure if they attract or not , as most of the bugs head for the light . I know we kill good bugs also , but life is not fair .
 As I roamed through the vast depths of Home Depot I came upon a light which shown down on the Stinger UV-40 . My eyes light up like a child on Christmas morning . I raced home to try out the product at approximately 6pm . Without hanging the unit up , which violates the warnings in the instruction manual , we zapped numerous insects . Currently it is 11pm and we have a pile of bugs reaching to the heavens . This product is highly recommended because it decemated the entire insect community in the 80210 zip code while offering hours of entertainment .
 This review is for the 80 watt model , but wanted to post what i found about these.I dont know why all these web sites are sayin `` bug zappers dont kill mosquitos '' ... my wife kept telling me her parents had one that worked well . I just bought one and in 30-60 minutes I had killed 200 bugs , about 45 % asian mosquitos , 45 % black -LRB- local -RRB- mosquitos , and 10 % other bugs . After the first hour I 'm impressed and do n't understand why people say these dont attract them . Next im going to try the octenol and then the lurex to see if it helps , even though it did fine without either . I 'm in east texas where we have both types of mosquitos . One word of knowledge , the mosquitos do stop flying when the temperature drops to 60 degrees . GET ONE , IT WORKS !
 One costumer ask for it and I bought it , our costumer is very happy with it . He said
 nice little addition for any household , designed to get the bugs drawed in then zaps them and almost self cleaning
 We love it because when it ZAPPER bugs it really works and we do n't get bites anymore because of the STINGER . Also you can not beat the price !!! Thanksbigwill360
 This was a replacement for a 20 + year old bug light . This model has a very conveniant no tools trap door on the bottom to remove , replace or clean the lamp , thanks for the engineering improvement .
 my intention was to use inside areas and that was my mistake , but I try outside and work great , so I am looking something for the indoor that was my initially purpose .
 I changed my Stinger rating from a 5 , to a 1 -LRB- there was no O ! -RRB- Stinger : Pros - With mosquito lure , killed lotsa bad insects -LRB- at first , then would n't zap small insects !? -RRB- - BUT!Cons - Their electric wire grid uses square wires that QUICKLY clog up . Pretty soon it was packed solid & killing nothing!I had to keep blowing it out -LRB- air compressor -RRB- every couple ofdays - HASSLE!Flowtron `` 80 ! '' -LRB- took puny 40 back ! -RRB- - Pros - Killed lots more bugs , because it NEVER clogs up -LRB- zaps small insects too ! -RRB- ! The electric rods are straight up/down , so no cross wires to catch falling insects & clog.Dead insects fall out the bottom - Blow clean once a month ... I used the Stinger mosquito lure , purchased at Wally World ... Cons - The only con is that the outer protective plastic cage HAD bars only about 1/2 '' apart -LRB- same with Stinger -RRB- - This kept larger moths ... from being able to easily get in to the electric grid.I used a large wire cutter & cut out every 3d bar - on top 2/3ds of cage - Alternating ... , so cut bar was in the middle of two solid bars on adajacent side - Still rigid!I put it on an outside timer -LRB- for when evenings cool down - Not much insect activity below 55 degrees ... -RRB- . Adjust accordingly.Never hang it near a door , as their is always a 10 ' + swarm of insects around it.Try to hang it over head high , in a DRY -LRB- electric -RRB- area .
 I HAD a `` BAD '' problem with mosquitos -LRB- West-Nile fever ... ! -RRB- ! I web searched for a bug killer ... that would work!Top choices , for me-1 . Propane powered models/traps ... - High-maintenance , bulky , heavy , expensive -LRB- about $ 300 + ... for `` top-rated '' models ! -RRB- , 5 gallon propane tank lasts only about 30 days -LRB- $ OUCH ! -RRB- , fire danger ... , then you end up with a messy net full of mosquitos -LRB- still alive ? -RRB- ! Too much of a HASSLE ... ! NOT for me ! 2 . Electric bug zappers - I read SERVERAL web reviews saying that these types of low-maintenance `` electric '' bug zappers would not attract mosquitos -LRB- My old Flowtron did not ! -RRB- ? a. I reviewed the Stinger UV40 . THIS WORKS !!! -LRB- I recommend getting at least the 40w -LRB- 1 acre -RRB- ! Only $ 7 more than the puny looking 15w . The 80w `` looked '' AWESOME ?! - It comes with a mosquito bait lure - `` Octenol -LRB- a USDA tested mosquito lure -RRB- cartridge included '' . They recommend replacing it every 30 days -LRB- I replace mine `` when '' it stops drawing mosquitos . $ 5 @ Wal-M -RRB- . The Stinger unit has a place DIRECTLY UNDER the light , to place the Octenol lure - The fumes rise up and draw the mosquitos in to the electric zapper grid . Was this just `` sales hype '' ? # 1 $ Wal-M & Lowes have liberal return policies . I decided to `` give it a try '' ? Every morning there WERE `` hundreds '' of dead mosquitos on the patio , under the Stinger !!! Some environmentalists claim bug zappers `` may '' also kill helpful insects ? - All I 've ever found , are LOTS of dead mosquitos & moths!Some helpful tips-1 . Do not mount near doors ... -LRB- draws `` swarms '' of insects ! -RRB- . Hang it 7ft high -LRB- head room -RRB- .2 . As a test to see when it stopped zapping -LRB- temperature -RRB- ? - I left mine on all night , and checked it frequently -LRB- I 'm a night person -RRB- , to see when it stopped zapping ? We `` usually '' have cool evenings - it stopped zapping at about 1am . Does nothing `` before '' dark!I put mine on a timer -LRB- I will adjust settings , as temperatures ... change -RRB- !!! 3 . For easy cleaning -LRB- only once in awhile -RRB- - Instructions say - you can blow it off with the exhaust side , of a vacuum cleaner?I blow mine out with an inexpensive air compressor -LRB- if you do n't have one , you should ! Lots of uses ! -RRB- . I would `` not '' recommend turning a water hose on it -LRB- electronic parts/shock hazard ... ! -RRB- ! 4 . They recommend that after a year - Even though UV bulb still glows , it loses its effectiveness , and stops drawing many insects . I will `` then '' `` easily '' replace the UV bulb -LRB- $ 12 @ Wal-M -RRB- . ENJOY !
 I put a couple of these zappers between my house and some treed wetlands . They kill so many Mosquitoes and other insects that I have to clean the Stingers out every week or two . Fortunately , an electric yard blower cleans them out pretty easily . I do n't even have to unplug them . One precaution
 I am surprised by all the negatives this little gadget got . I have owned mine almost 6 years . The light bulb was replaced for the first time today . I use it indoors to kill moths and flies , and just started using it outdoors to kill a nest of yellow jackets.I set the zapper right on the entrance hole to the nest . Had it on for 4 hours . Just when I noticed no more activity , I started digging into the ground , and found the nest . The bugs went straight to the zapper , instead of me . Round 2 is going on . I expect to have no more stingers within hours.LOVE my zapper . I 'd buy it again in a heartbeat . Highly recommended .
 We live on the water ... front and back ! We can not go outside day or night without these zappers . We fog , put out larve killing donuts in any standing water puddles in the spring . We hang two Stinger bug zappers . Each night there is a PILE of dead mosquitos under each one . Every three days we have to blow the screens clean with the air compressor . I can go three doors away and eaten alive by the neighbors mosquitos . We bought an expensive Mosquito Deleto - $ 400.00 What a waste of money ! It caught 6 mosquitos to the Stingers MOUND ! We have had bug zappers for as long as they have been out and ca n't live without them ! We feel safe about West Nile virus in our yard . Ca n't say enough good things about these lights .
 Finally , I have found something to help keep all night flying bugs a way from my family . We have our porch back again . I purchased two of these and if I need more I will get them . A really fantastic find ... I found this on Amazon and it was sent to my home in the knick of time . Thank you .
 I have had this for about a year now , it works great for all insects , but it will only zap mosquitoes with the octenol attractant.The zapper is full of mosquitoes everyday . i just go shake all the dead bugs out . Keeping me and my kids sanity !
 Bought the Stinger UV40 40 watt 1-acre bug zapper and it works well . Kills anything that gets inside of the electrical grid . Doesnt work very well on mosquitos .
 Awesome bug zapper , but , a small adjustment made it that way . I opened the cage and cut off 1 row of the metal grid to make it a bit tighter to kill smaller insects like gnats and flying ants . I do have to clean it more often but at least the bugs are dead . I either turn it off and spray it with the water hose or the air compressor , whatever is closer . It 's been working for well over a year now out in the Florida weather .
 I was hesitant to buy this as I have read a ton of poor reviews on it and was really leaning towards the Flowtron units.I have 10 large Arborvitae trees in the back yard and every year they host a ton of small flying insects that are usually a pain in the butt especially when you are trying to mow the lawn . Well I finally just said screw this and went up the road to Menards and this was one of two options they had available.The first night I plugged it in I was disappointed that I did not hear it `` zap '' anything and thought I would be returning a defective unit in the morning but to my surprise in the am the thing was covered with dead bugs.One of the complaints that people have with these units is that they have to use compressed air to blow them out frequently and thats quite true . I have had to blow mine out daily . I am fortunate that I have a Hitachi 18v blower that came with a tool set that I purchased but a can of compressed air would work just as well.What you have to keep in mind with any mechanical means of dealing with bugs is that maintenance is going to be a way of wife for you , its a trade off If you want it to keep your life bug free you have to keep it clean.Regardless of which method you choose being chemical , electric or propane powered all will need your intervention to combat the buildup of dead bugs , tasks required include ; replacing fuel , cleaning fans , adding attractant or merely proper application if your using chemicals.Its also important to note that this is a high voltage electronic item and I feel that many of the negative reviews out there are due to misuse or simple neglect . An example of that philosophy , if you took your electric blender and left it outside in the rain turned on for 8 + hours a day how long would it last ? I find it funny that some reviewers would be stupid enough to admit hosing down their units . Come-on its an electronic device you do n't hose it down with pressurized water!Simple precautions are in order here to prolong the life of the product and guarantee that it will perform its intended job.First mount the unit properly so that it does n't swing and hit anything or even possibly fall . I use a shepherds hook which is almost 7 ' tall . its easy to position by stepping on its leg and can quickly be moved when cutting the grass or repositioned to another part of the yard.Secondly its important to make sure the unit is at MINIMUM 25 ' from where you are going to be . the light on these will attract bugs and if you are too close they my take a detour to snack on you before going towards the light.Third . Use a GFCI equipped outlet or extension cord . This unit REQUIRES an external timer and its important to the life of the bulb to not keep it on 24 hours a day . -LRB- besides , the bulbs spectrum of light will not attract bugs when the sun is out -RRB- Fourth MAINTAIN THE UNIT , During the spring and summer I am in the yard daily . either I am testing the water in the pool , watering the garden or shrubs or just sitting there watching the kids play while dinner is being made . Get yourself in a habit of checking it every once and a while a can of compressed air is cheap -LRB- $ 4 -RRB- and will last you a month if you have an obscene mosquito problem replace the lures as directed which is usually monthly and lastly unless its under an overhang or covered do n't turn it on if its going to storm out .
 I 've read a lot of negative reviews about this and other Stinger Bug Zappers on Amazon , so I thought I 'd throw my 2 cents in.I 've had this particular model for 3 years now and it 's still working . The bulb and electrical grid still work fine . Since mine was manufactured 3 years ago , it 's possible it 's build quality is better than that of the newer Stinger models that other customers our criticizing on Amazon.I live in Colorado and this Summer we 've had an abnormally large amount of rain , which of course has made the mosquitos twice as bad . I purchased some Stinger Octenol Mosquito Lure from Home Depot and it has seemed to help , although it definitely has n't rid our yard of the mosquitos entirely . I still wind up with a few in my room every night that I have to chase after and kill myself . I live in a room in the garage and have the zapper hanging from a tree roughly 15 away from the garage in our backyard -LRB- our yard is roughly an acre in size -RRB- . I would n't recommend using one of these to help with Mosquitos unless you 're planning to replace the Octenol lure every 30 days or so . While it will kill some Mosquitos without the lure , Mosquitos are not really attracted to ultra-violet light , so the Octenol lure is a must . If your goal is just to kill other types of flying night time insects , you can probably skip on the lure.My only real complaint about the unit is the electrical grid design . It 's designed with small squares through the grid , sort of like a checker board , and this does cause the dead insects to get clogged up in the unit . I have to clean it out every few days with a compressed air can . I 've seen the Flowtron zappers and it is true that they have a better designed electrical grid -LRB- basically long , narrow vertical strips -RRB- , so you might want to consider buying one of their zappers instead IF this is going to be a major annoyance to you . Another minor issue is that , unlike the `` Ultra Model , '' this one does n't have the ` from dusk till dawn ' feature , so you might want to get a timer for it.Overall I 'm pretty happy with this product and I 've definitely gotten my moneys worth out of it . At -LSB- ... -RSB- , this unit is very reasonably priced . But like I said , judging by other customer reviews , it 's possible the build quality on Stinger products has declined recently . So purchase with caution .
 had a bad bug problem till i got this . now i have my back yard back . it works gr8 . its even gets the big bugs like moon moths . not that they bother me but just to give you an example .
 i 've had to blow out dead bugs three times already , aint had it for a month and half.i added an outdoor timer to save money , or i would have given 5 stars .
 We live out in the woods . Mine works so well I had to take my air compressor and blow the dead bugs out after just 3 days . I even came up with the idea of cutting out a few of the plastic slats to let the bigger bugs in but you really do n't have to go that far . Boy does it ever cook 'em ! I think next time I might opt out for the 80 Watt model . Ca n't get enough of that `` sizzle '' noise ! Guuuuuzzzzzt !
 In past years Dupage County -LRB- just outside of Chicago -RRB- had a mosquito abatement program . For some reason this year perhaps because of budget constraints that have abandoned the program for this year . With that said I had to find alternatives since West Nile is alive and well in our area . I looked into the mosquito magnet and after reading the reliability issues I opted against it . I then looked into bug zappers -LRB- I grew up with one in MI and it worked extraordinarily well -RRB- I decided on the Stinger 40 based on the design and it is a decision that I am very happy to have made . As I speak I can hear it zapping away and for the naysayers that say these things do n't work I would like to invite over to clean it out of all the mosquito carcasses that I empty every few days -LRB- easy use compressed air -RRB- My best advice for those who have trouble with these is to make sure you are at least 25 feet from a deck or a patio . The zapper with the attractant will give you tremendous results just be sure to follow the manufacture recommendations ...
 I have a hydroponic system and Physan 20 has controlled the pythium in the system . Physan 20 is non-systemic making it safe for consumables .
 My Koi 's love it . They 've grown so much since I 've started feeding them Dainichi for several months now . I 've just switched them to the All Season formula for the winter months . Definitely a repeat customer .
 Very nice sign . Shipped quickly and seems high quality . I really like the graphics as well . I was surprised by how clearly the words appear on this sign and how quickly it arrived .
 this is a good sign it was sturdier than i thought it would be . really easy to put up hole where the right size for bolts . .
 First class product . Exactly as one would expect.Highly recommended.Quality very good , excellent finish . Remember you have to find a special fitting if you want to attach to a pole
 I have an in home daycare and I ordered this for the end of driveway -LRB- I plan to put it on a post in a bucket filled with sand in order to move it when we play out front - I purchased 2 and will use pennant banners to create a barrior between them -RRB- They are very large and seem to be of good quality . I will post another review after they have seen a Michigan winter outside 24/7
 This is a very nice looking sign and was delivered quickly but it really is entirely too small . Most drivers do n't even notice it .
 Perfect ! I really like the screen material I ordered for my backdoor . I can leave the porch door open and it is so handy for the dog and I to go in and out without letting in a lot of bugs . -LRB- and it keeps out a light rain too -RRB- It is exactly as I had hoped it would be and would not change a thing . I have already recommended it to a couple friends ! There seems to be an issue with the Velcro provided for some folks , but I just hung it from two cup hooks at the top and it works just fine . The Velcro I used for the side of the screen at the top and it helps it hang straight . I really appreciate the two-for-one deal , and I was going to use the second one as a gift . . but I like it too much to give it away just yet .
 I am quite pleased with the quality of the screen and the ease of putting it up and down . However , the velcro used to to mount the screen is poorly affixed to the strip of adhesive used to stick the velcro to the door frame . The velcro separates from the adhesive backing and the whole door falls down . I have used krazy glue to re-attach but it was frustrating until I was able to fix it!The screen is a great size , has a nice weight at the bottom , and overall I am pleased with my purchase .
 The perfect , portable screen door.Glad we bought it.A little bit of duct tape to re-enforce the velcro and its all good .
 Worked like a charm . Hung the screen , cut a small hole in the bottom so my cats can get to out their play area without letting flying critters get in !
 I have had several of these screen and I like these the best . The others had a set of marbles that weighted the screen down . In the wind , these made a horrendous racket when they hit the metal doorframe . These new ones have sand and are soooo much quieter . The only real downside is the velcro and tabs are REALLY cheap . A simple fix is to nail or screw them in place . Works well .
 I got in and hung up my mesh curtains . They came with Velcro tabs and a weighted bottom . We stuck the tabs around the door frame - easy - and noted that the weighted bottoms kept the mesh curtains in place . We can easily put up the curtains and take them down as needed . During the day I roll them up and place them in a drawer.The big test is at night when we have the doors open and the inside lights on . Usually we attract a huge moth colony in the living room . But now , several days into using the mesh curtains during the evening hours , we notice very few flying insects inside . A huge success!The glue-on tabs are a tad flimsy -LRB- we will probably have to reglue them shortly -RRB- . I do n't think they were made to have someone put up and take down the curtains each night - I think you are just supposed to leave the curtains up all the time.We take them down during the day because we need every breeze that can possibly enter the house . The curtain lets air through , certainly , but not as much as an open door with nothing blocking it.We were also able to arrange the back porch mesh curtain so the dogs can go in and out as needed to potty at night , without our having to `` let them out . `` Overall the mesh curtains do the job we wanted - to let let some fresh , cooler air in at night and keep the bugs out . The price was right for this need . : -RRB- For people who go in and out of their doors a lot -LRB- ie - families especially -RRB- , the tabs holding up the curtain and tacking it to the sides of the doors will probably fail pretty quickly .
 These mesh screen doors are exactly what I needed . Having read the prior reviews , I knew to purchase a heavy duty velcro stripping and all worked out !!
 velcro is weak , but we just tacked it to the doorframe . exactly as pictured . happy with product .
 We installed these last weekend , and they work just as we expected . An inexpensive solution to having a screen door.However , the glue for the velcro strips does not hold at all . We used a staple gun to attach the velcro strips to the door frame where they came unglued . Now , no problem .
 This product was just what I was looking for . I am temporarily renting a place at the beach and was having a fly problem outside in my courtyard . Since there are no screens on this house I ca n't even open a window . These screens were a great temporary fix for me . I opted to not use the velcro and just use tacks to put it up . Works great , and my dog can go in and out of the house too .
 Great thing about this flag is that the design is crisp and colors are intense . It ships folded up in a package . Only complaint is that this leaves a grid of fold creases all over the flag . It 's made of polyester with plastic thread stitching it together , so likely not safe to iron . I 'm open on suggestions on how to get all these creases out!In case you 're wondering , there 's a wide loop across the top to feed a dowel or rod through . There are no rings to clip hooks onto . A small tag says `` Machine Wash Gentle / Air Dry / 100 % Polyester '' .
 price was great-shipping was great - bought this for a friend who does n't have internet-he was pleased with all aspects of the sale !
 The product came well wrapped and was found in mint condition.The used cloth for this flag is of super quality , able to sustain for a long time , even outdoors in our very changing climate -LRB- europe -RRB- . There is possibility that we will need more of this , and will certainly come back to purchase this same item from this same provider.Thanks Amazon !!
 The product came well wrapped and was found in mint condition.The used cloth for this flag is of super quality , able to sustain for a long time , even outdoors in our very changing climate -LRB- europe -RRB- . There is possibility that we will need more of this , and will certainly come back to purchase this same item from this same provider.Thanks Amazon !!
 I bought this product thinking it would work on on our Barbeques Galore barbeque . The clamp on the light would not tighten enough to stay put on the handle on our barbeque . I returned it . I think it would probably work well on the barbeque it was designed for .
 A little tricky to put together , but once we got thru it , it was easy to use and gives you just enough light to see what you are doing . We 've got a lot of bugs at night , so this is much better than turning on the big over head light so we do n't attract all those bugs .
 I love this product . It is a definite must if you grill after it gets dark outside . The fact that it turns itself off when you put the lid down is a great feature.I would highly recommend it .
 Lights up the whole grill space . Easy to install and remove for battery changing . Mine gets some water in it if it rains but so far it does n't seem to have done any damage . I plan to take it off for the winter since I lost my last light that way .
 This light is simple , straight-forward , and easy to install . It lights up the grill plenty and makes cooking at night a breeze !
 I debated if this was really worth with -LRB- why not just use my patio light -RRB- but I love this thing . It lets me keep my outside are dark to sit outside and enjoy the evening without attracting bugs but still see whats on the grill.Best feature is how it turns on automatically when I lift the grill cover up.Everyone I have showed this too thinks it is the coolest grill gadget ever .
 Used last night for first time . Excellent little device . Mounted properly , it illuminates the entire grill surface ... love the tilt-sensor on/off . Just a simple , useful , well-designed item ... so long as it holds-up ... I highly recommend it .
 The light is bright enough to see the food on the grill . Easy to put together . I love it
 I love this light . It works great , does n't get in the way , the batteries last . great design and function . what 's not to like ?
 They suggest one for my grill -LRB- a Genesis 320 -RRB- but after my last clip on led light I got two . I have mounted them on the left and right side of the handle and love them ! Together they are quite bright and make quite a difference . Also to one of the other reviewers who said that they stay on after closing the lid , they do stay dimly lit for a while , but appear to go completely out after about a minute or so . I turn them on when I start grilling and turn them off when I finish.Additional Details
 I do n't know why , but I end up grilling at night a lot . This light is a god sent!It should really just be standard with every grill . Switch it on once and forget it , it only lights when the lid is opened .
 I bought this for my sister and she says it is wonderful ! Great product !
 Purchased this for my husband for Christmas . He LOVES it ! It attaches to the handle so it does not get in the way and lights up the grilling surface . Since it gets dark about 4:30 pm grilling dinner is a snap .
 This work great . I ended up getting two of them for my Weber Grill . It has a great feature when you shut the grill it automatically shuts off .
 This is the best BBQ light ever . It shines right on the food , exactly where you need it . It lights up when you lift the handle and goes on low when you close the handle . You do have to remember to turn it off , when finished . But otherwise I love this light . I was leery about buying it because some reviews were not that good , but I think this light is great !
 This is great . It installed on my grill in seconds and it does exactly what it 's supposed to . It 's brighter than I thought it would be and it 's nice that it turns on and off when you raise or lower the lid . The batteries have lasted almost two years with no issues at all -LRB- moderate use -RRB- . It 's a lot better than trying to use a flashlight or something else.It 's simple and it works .
 Superb addition to your new grill ... Easily attached and provides plenty of light for `` seeing what you are grilling '' after dark . Focused and bright ! Weber should have included it with the grill !!
 I do a lot of late evening grilling , being a night owl , and I could n't imagine not having this . I purchased this light to go on my new Weber Genesis e-310 grill . The bright L.E.D. 's light up all 507 square inches of my grates and the ball-bearing switch turns the light on when the lid opens and off when it closes perfectly every time . The batteries have been going strong all summer ! If you have one of those freakishly large grills you may want two of these .
 looks great on our blue genesis 310 , easy to put on ... and great light on the grill when the lid is open ... would recommend ... all your friends will have grill envy soon !
 I love the compact size of this light and how bright it is . Someone bought me a larger light but this one fits perfectly on my grill and does what it says while looking good on the grill .
 I love that this light is attached to the grill handle and not clamped onto the side of the grill like most other grill lights . It provides just enough light to help cook out at night !
 I was looking for a cheap , convenient light for reading in bed , and this actually worked great -LRB- if you have a headboard with tubes to attach it to -RRB- .
 I found this product to be very easy to install and use and it has greatly enhanced my grilling experience after nightfall . It puts out a nice beam of light that readily enables you see how your grilling is going .
 I like the light , it could be a little brighter but then you would probably be changing batteries all the time . It has a sensor built in that when the light is switched on , and you lower the lid it goes to a low power mode so your not wasting battery life when you do n't need it . It 's still hard to tell if your meat is cooked to perfection but it 's much better than being in the dark .
 Although this is a nifty little item , my Weber grill was not a recent enough model for this to work with . The light comes with two handle adapters , but both are for circular style handles -LRB- mine is rectangular -RRB- . The tilt sensor works well . In addition , you can just use the easy to access on/off button . The light is not extremely bright and is a bit yellowish , but it will give you enough to grill by .
 I was n't sure how well three LED 's would provide enough light for my Genesis B , but this product really impressed me.I no longer need to wedge myself as close as I can get to my porch light and attract every bug in the neighborhood to my back yard -LRB- and food ! -RRB- . The tilt-activated on/off works flawlessly , and installing it took minutes.It looks great on the grill handle , and battery life is really good , too . I bought this in May -LRB- when it cost $ 10 more ! -RRB- and have n't needed to replace the batteries yet . And I ususally use this about 3 times a week.I 'm actually kicking around buying one as a spare , just in case .
 I 'm very happy with this light , it fits on my Weber Summit perfectly , installation was relatively easy and only needed a screw driver . When installing you do need to be aware of where you are positioning the light so that it does n't hit the control knobs on the grill . I have n't had to change the batteries on it yet , but as I recall it is n't too hard to change them . The lights appear to be LED 's so they should never burn out on you.It should light up the 4-burner Weber Summit pretty well , but since I have the 6-burner model I 'm considering getting a second one.It does have a sensor in it so when you open the lid it turns on and when you close it , the light dims for a couple of seconds and then shuts off . It is very convenient , and way better than dragging a flashlight out side to check your food.A couple of cautions
 I purchased two of these lights for my Weber Genesis e320 grill and they are wonderful . It 's nice to have them mounted right on either side of the handle , where they are not in the way at all . They turn on automatically when the lid is opened and turn off when closed . Others had mentioned the lights staying on when you close the lid ; they do go `` dim '' for a very short while , then turn off when in the `` Auto '' mode , but I do n't see that this would cause any big problem with battery life , as they are extremely dim and only for a very short time . They also can be turned completely off when you do n't need them -LRB- such as during the day . -RRB- They are fairly bright , but they could be brighter . It 's enough light to grill by with no problem though . I would recommend having two of them for sure , unless you have a very small grill .
 Even though I do n't own a Weber grill , this still fit my 4 burner Nexgrill gas grill . It comes with two adaptors , I believe the smaller one is for a Weber and the larger attachment is supposed to be for everything else.Install is very easy . There are just a couple of phillips style screws . Just like that it was installed on my grill -LRB- under 5 mins -RRB- . The 3 LEDs produce enough light to let me grill in the dark without any problems . Could they be brighter ? Sure , but that would mean the changing of batteries a little more often . I 've had the light for about 2 months now and have n't had to change batteries -LRB- used on average 3 times per week -RRB- . The tilt feature is neat -LRB- not really necessary as I turn off the light when I 'm done grilling anyway -RRB- , kind of a nice add-on . It tends to rain here in Portland during the winter -LRB- go figure ! -RRB- , so the light has been through the elements , including below freezing temps and some snow during grilling , some rain , and of course the heat from the grill . I have n't noticed any difference in how the light operates.The light seems to be well made , with hard plastics . The On/Off button is a softer rubber.Anything over 4 burners I would recommend buying two of these , I just do n't think there 'd be enough light to cover that much grilling surface.No complaints thus far , so I would recommend this to anyone who 's looking for a light for their grill .
 It surprised me how well this little contraption lights up my grill . I leave it turned off when not in use . The LEDs glow for a while when the lid is down , but they do gradually turn off on their own . To be safe , just push the little power button .
 This grill light is great ! It 's very helpful when cooking at night and provides the perfect amount of light .
 I did n't see my grill listed on this page or on the Weber page even though the Spirit E-310 has the same bar configuration as the 2004-2005 Genesis Silver models , so I gave Weber a call and I confirmed the compatibility.My light arrived shortly after and it attached perfectly using the included `` B '' bracket . I tend to do my grilling at night and I 'm impressed by how much more I can see with this little light overhead instead of a porch light behind my back .
 We are using ourFORK SPADING FRGD 30DH 4TINEto dig up some beds in our yard to plant vegetables . It has good tine strength . The handle attachment seems very snug and secure , and it appears to be a hardy item .
 I bought the whole valve rather than just the solinoid since I was not sure how many parts I would have to change . Plus , I wanted to see how it really operates . Pretty nifty , but they have modified it a little in the last 12 years , but most of the parts still fit my old one , and I dis the replacements and the rebuilt valve works like new .
 I was pleasantly surprised by this pressure washer . Unlike some reviewers , I found the assembly was a snap , at least for my ten year-old son who put it together in fifteen minutes with no input from me . He just followed the directions.So far , I 've been impressed with the cleaning ability of this pressure washer . Although it 's made of plastic , the unit feels quite solid in hand and generates a good amount of pressure . Sure , its not one of those 3000 psi monsters , but for most jobs around the house , it works just fine . I 've used it to clean my deck and driveway , wash garden tools , and scrub my grill rack . Best yet , I 'm comfortable letting my ten year-old use it , albeit under supervision , for jobs around the house . The fact that he can take it and have it running in no time shows just how easy it is to operate.The only drawbacks I can see are that it comes with just two nozzles and does have too much breakable plastic . It does not seem like a unit that can handle much abuse . But as I said , for regular tasks around the house , it works just fine .
 I was going to dispose of 2 outdoor wood chairs and a table - they both look new after cleaning with the Karcher K360MPlus washer . This pressure washer is absolutely amazing in what it can clean . It even took old paint spatters off our drive way !
 Okay , I 'll admit it
 The first one I received did not work because the cord was messed up . Amazon sent me out a new one immediately and it works great . Very powerfull unit . Will clean everything you got , you will not need and thing more powerfull than this . I used it on my deck , patio set , car , house , driveway , garage floor everything . I love it . The only bad thing it the holder that holds the unit that lets you push it around on wheels . The holder and wheels are cheap plastic . The unit is very heavy for this cheap plastic , it should of had rubber wheels and better plastic . You will love this power washer .
 I used this pressure washer for cleaning my deck . It is pretty effective . Definitely a huge step above the garden hose . The fit and finish are good and simply works out of the box with very little assembly . The rotary nozzle was pretty good on the concrete driveway.I found that it probably saved 30 % of time in cleaning the deck , however it provided a much deeper clean compared to garden hose.Subbu
 I found the washer able to do what I wanted and more . It is easy to use and changing heads takes seconds .
 My wife was not impressed when I walked into the house with my new pressure washer . I cleaned the old wooden fence by the pool , looks brand new . I cleaned the cement deck next to the pool , looks brand new . I cleaned the plastic poolside furniture , looks brand new . I cleaned the side of the house , looks brand new . I removed paint from the side of the garage , it 'll look brand new when I repaint it.My wife now thinks this was a great investment for two reasons . 1 -RRB- The darn thing really works . 2 -RRB- It 's so much fun it gets me off my butt and makes me productive . Love it .
 I was looking for a pressure washer primarily for cleaning my car and the driveway . I thought i 'd get an electric one due to the price , weight and noise factor.I purchased K360MPlus after doing some amount of research and reading everyone 's review . After making the purchase my brother brought home one of those `` no name '' electric washers ; he said it was a very expensive garden hose nozzle . I was worried because i thought that i had made a bad purchase.When it finally arrived i was happy to find that there were no broken parts and the unit was indeed brand new . I had no problem assembling the handle and the different accessories.The main problems however are that the plastic trolley and the handle on the trigger gun where the H/P hose is attached are very frail . However all the part are in tact so farAnd the best part is the power ; the power is awesome once this thing gets running up to speed . Follow the operating instructions and you wo n't have much problems . It really rips through dirt and grease , and the rotating nozzel is even more powerful -LRB- not recommended for autos by manufacturer -RRB- . This is really a good product to use around the home !!
 I received the product today and went right to work . First a little background info
 This one 's hard to rate . It does everything it claims , and everyone involved has been great , but ... I bought it back in April . Upon assembling it , I saw that a piece was missing . I emailed Amazon 's customer service , and I got a prompt reply saying that they were having Karcher ship the part . A few days later , I got the part , but it was the wrong one . Amazon put me in touch with Karcher directly , we determined that there were two versions of the part and they sent me the right one.It worked like a champ for 3 months . I cleaned my deck , my patio , my walk , my fence . My brothers borrowed it ; their neighbors borrowed it . Everyone loved it.About 3 weeks ago , I hooked it up , turned it on , and water started leaking from the center of the handle . I took it apart and found that one of the gaskets inside had blown -LRB- in the trigger itself , not at the hose attachment -RRB- . I emailed Karcher , explaining the problem , and within 12 hours I got a reply apologizing for the problem , telling me it was still under warranty , and letting me know they were sending a new trigger and hose that day . The new parts showed up later that week , and it 's all worked great since.So , great performance , some disquieting QA/QC issues , and some really great customer support .
 I read all the reviews on this pressure washer before buying . I almost decided not to buy because of all the negitive customer reviews . I did buy however and was pleasantly suprised . The shipping packaging was very good with the nylon straps . The assembly instructions were pretty good , I had to think a while on a couple of the instructions to understand . After it was assembled I tried it on my pickup using Wal-Mart washing solution . I was really amazed , the truck looked alot better than it usually does when I hand wash it . Next I washed my wifes truck , the results were good but not as good as on my truck . This may be due to the fact my truck is white and my wife , s is burgendy . I was very satisfied with the truck washing results . Next I tried the washer on some old wooden patio furniture that had been in the Phoenix AZ. sun for many years without any repainting . The paint was flaking badly and I was not looking forward to sanding the lose paint before repainting . I used the rotating high pressure nozle and it worked great . I had to be careful not get to close to the wood because the nozle has enough force to damage the wood . I hope this review will offset some of the negative reviews that almost deterred me from buying this washer .
 Used this on a deck that had n't been washed in years . Worked like a champ . Also took the green algae off bricks and siding . And , at a lower pressure , did a great job of washing the car , saving water because of the built in trigger feature . We 're very pleased with it .
 I bought this product in Germany . It is a fantastic maschine , which includes a so called `` dirt blaster '' . This is a rotary high pressure tool , that cleans off really stubborn dirt . I clean with this machine my car , mossy garden paths , walls , my terrace , my lawn mower , etc. . With this high pressure cleaner you can clean all these things very quickly and easily . And I use 80 % less water than I would with a normal garden hose !
 I recently bought a 30 + year old house . There was mold , old paint , etc that needed to be cleaned off . also , imagine 30 + years of dirt and grime on sidewalks surrounding the house . the concrete was almost a dark grey color . After about 6 hours of washing , the concrete looks like it was poured yesterday ! Granted , there were some rust stains that did n't come up , but i was n't using any sort of a chemical cleaner , just water . The dirt just sprayed right off ! Not bad for the price either , although i found a $ 50 cheaper brand the next day . The unit is not quite strong enough to remove paint , but it does take some of it off . The only reason the washer got 4 stars is because the hose connection on the unit is very touchy . the slightest pull or tug and it pops off , hose and all . Even just moving the unit around , you have to hold the hose so that no `` pulling '' occurs on the connection . Even turning on the hose too quickly will cause it to pop off .
 As a female DIY enthusiast , I 'm always looking for tools that are powerful , but not out of my weight class . I found the Karcher 205 pressure washer to be a powerful and easy to use cleaning tool . The manual is actually clearly written , which made the minimal assembly a quick job . I especialy like the tall wheels-and-handle arrangement , which allows for easy moving of the unit when in use -- as well as convenient cord and accessory storage when not in use . Also , the spray wand rotates on the end of a good long hose , so I was able to carry the spray wand up the ladder to clean the gutters without having the drag the rest of the unit around with me . However , my favorite feature is the fact that the motor only activates when you engage the trigger on the spray wand , which lessens the noise factor . And , you do n't have to worry about burning out the motor when you 're not spraying , because there is a five minute `` rest '' period built in . Thus , you can take your time to reposition your ladder or yourself , while leaving both the motor and the water supply turned on . I have used this tool for a couple of jobs so far , and I can see where it will prove invaluable come Spring.The only drawback , and this is very minor , is storing the unit . The manual is quite explicit that even after the unit is emptied of all water , the unit should not be stored in areas where temperatures drop below freezing , which elminates my garage and attic . However , since I am a real tool lover , I do n't mind storing my Karcher 205 in the corner of the spare bedroom where I can admire it at my leisure !
 I live in a townhouse . Rather then pay the homeowner association to do a poor job for $ ... , I bought this product . Works great . Mildew from the front courtyard was instantly removed . Did a wonderful job . No problems .
 I used this to perk up some plants that were not doing very well and WOW ! I now use it once a week on all my plants inside and outside . This stuff is wonderful . Highly recommended .
 Super Thrive is hands down the best thing you can use to insure the success of a transplant , and that the plant will fulfill its maximum potential . I 've been a serious gardener for more than 40 years and I 've just never seen anything work as well as this.You can spray in on plants , or just apply to the soil when watering and it does what it says , it cause them to thrive in a super fashion.And the price on this is the best I could find on the net , and way less than what it goes for locally . It cost me less to orderand have it shipped than to go out and buy in town.I am extremely happy with my purchase.DonnaEugene , OR USA
 I have used this product for years , would n't live without it -LRB- my plants certainly would n't -RRB- . It is the absolute best product out there , do use it with some sort of fertilizer , these are plant hormones not a fertilizer.Plants , flowers , vegetables , trees , you name it , everything thrives on this solution , just mix with water , lasts forever too ! I know I sound like a commercial , it 's just so fantastic you wo n't believe it . Makes you look like a fantastic gardener , people are always complimenting my lush plants and flowers , this is my secret .
 Length :
 I use this on all my plants . It has helped my almost dead ones come alive . My mango tree had fruits last season , first time in years . My hibiscus plants are revived from the severe cold and my cactus plants bore flowers!I only use a small amount in a gallon bucket and pour the solution into the soil once a month . It 's worth buying the larger bottle because you save money and it will lasts me for two seasons.Thank you Amazon for making it possible to purchase the larger size !
 Excellent reviver for your plants ! Use with your fertilizer and Especially when you transplant ! You 'll get better blooms and better `` life '' out of your plants !
 THIS PRODUCT CAN PRODUCE HUGE PLANTS BUT IS BEST WHEN USED SPARINGLY TO BRING BACK A FAILING PLANT OR TO SPUR GROWTH IN A DAWDLER .
 I baught this product for the first time because of all the hype I heard about it and it is amazing . I put it on some assortment of plants from fruit trees through cactus that have n't bloomed or grown for the last year or two and within one week a few bloomed and some grew and looked more livelier . Great product . Shipping was quick .
 When I am fertilizing my garden with Miracle Grow , I add about an ounce of Superthrive to the automatic feeder . My plants , especially the flowering ones , have tripled in growth rate and flower production . I highly recommend this product .
 Notice how he said HYDROPONIC , this is for a soil based plant , do n't use hydroponis on soil or vice versa . This for soil .
 My plats are very happy with the superthrive , the vitamines and hormones are helping to grow more faster . They are looking very good and beatiful .
 Superthrive is the most wonderful stuff , and all my plants love it . It will help revive a sickish plant , and add that extra ooomph to flowers and vegetables . I have mixed it with water , put in my hose end sprayer and let my plants have it . I have concentrated using it for my vegetable garden and annuals , but only occasionally I will give some to my perennials . I will use it on my veggies and flowers only about once every two weeks .
 I use SuperThrive on orchids . The product in conjuction with a non-urea fertilizer make a powerful potion . I have never `` lost '' a plant since using this product . Flowers stay alive longer on stem after blooming . I also use it in cut flowers purchased at the grocery and in Christmas tree water . A good price is less than $ 2 an ounce including shipping and tax .
 My plants have been hooked on ST over 20-yrs , with excellent results . Healthy , vivid green foliage and long-lasting blooms.Dossage...4-drops per gallon of water . Newly purchased plants get 10-drops per gallon.I follow directions according to label when first purchased , 20 + - yrs-ago . I do not mist/spray plants with Superthive.Superthrive is NOT a fertilizer ... It 's recommended to use with fertilizer.After reading feedback here on Amazon and other plant forums , I 've noticed many people assume Superthrive is a fertilizer , in the process neglect adding plant food . Some plants can do without fertilizers for prolonged periods , -LRB- succulents -RRB- but others , espeically plants that require specific fertilizer types . EG
 We though our plant was a goner for sure when we used this product it came back very strong and green !
 product really helps reduce stress to plants and seems to make any other supplement work better . Product packaged well , received promptly just as ordered and price very competitive . Would buy again !
 I have been using Super Thrive for at least 20 years and love it . You use very little but my plants do very well . I mix in one cap of Super Thrive with other nutrients in a gallon of water and I am done ! Wonderful stuff .
 This product was received in great order . No spillage which is critical because this product stinks and will burn . Thank you !
 I have found this product to be very benificial to plants and bushes I live on the high desert with drought conditions and poor soil and I do believe this helps with the growing after they start to bloom .
 My plants absolutely love superthrive . They grow bigger and bloom longer when using just a couple drops in a 5 galloon bucket . I 've used superthrive on flowers , household plants , vegetables , you name it ! It 's really great stuff !
 First let me say , ordering was a brease and delivery was done in a very timely manor . I would recommend to anyone to order .
 I love this stuff and used it for years until it suddenly disappeared from Oregon . I would be interested to know why this is restricted . There is a new product from Japan HB-101 which I saw at a flower show that is supposed to be similar to Superthrive . I 'm testing a sample .
 Some of the very best plant food every made . The product speaks for itself . And people who use it will say the same
 I 've been using this product for 10 years but found that it is not sold in stores any longer . Instead of the 2 oz bottle for $ 8 , I went with the pint size . For anyone who loves their plants , indoor or outdoor , this is the way to go ! The plants love it , too .
 Item received quickly , well packed.Excellent service , excellent price . I 'm very happy with this item , it can enhance a gardener 's work . .
 was recommended by the top landscaper in our areaam sure my trees will be beautiful and sturdythank you
 I bought this product a week ago , and have used it twice while watering my houseplants . I 'm amazed at how their color is more vibrant and they look healthier and more vigorous . I expect this to take weeks , but evidently not . I used 1/4 tsp in a gallon of water and give them all a good drink each time I water . I added plant food at the same time , since this does n't feed them . I 've fed my plants every 2-4 weeks for years , so the difference this time is the Superthrive vitamin and hormone I added . I 'm really happy with it , and plan to use it when we start our garden plants in the house next March . I 'm also going to try it when rooting a cutting in a glass of water . This stuff smells a little stinky , like vitamins often do , but once added to water the smell is n't noticeable.I wish I 'd found this product years ago - I have a green thumb and my houseplants have always done well ... or so I thought . What a difference !
 This stuff works incredibly well and have already paid for itself in the trees , rose bushes and grass it has saved . It is n't a plant food it is plant vitamins and works amazingly well . A little goes a long way and when I ran out I was frantic to find more . None of the garden centers had Superthrive so I ordered it online and even saved myself 10 $ including the shipping.I highly recommend Superthrive . Professionals to beginner gardeners need this super supplement for all your plants - indoor and outdoor .
 Superthrive is a fantastic product that truly makes a difference in your plants . I highly reccomend this product to anyone who wishes to expand the indoor or outdoor garden .
 This is my first time using the product so I 'm still observing . I tried to add ST regularly when watering orchids and they were a rescue and currently in recovery.Given a combined effort to save the plants and the spring time , it 's hard to say which factor made a difference . I do have a new leaf and a root immerging but then it 's also a spring time with the increased light level and more hours in the day .
 I ca n't think of a better product to add to the soil for the best and biggest vegtables and flowers
 Product packaged well , received promptly just as ordered and price very competitive . Would buy again!it 's just so fantastic you wo n't believe it . Makes you look like a fantastic gardener , people are always complimenting my lush plants , this is my secret.And the price on this is the best I could find on the net , and way less than what it goes for locally . It cost me less to orderand have it shipped than to go out and buy in town.I am extremely happy with my purchase .
 Your plants will look great ! I use it in the winter on my house plant and they look great . I still give them plant food . I use it in all my gardens in the summer and the grass . I never let myself run out . One little drop to a gallon of water . It lasts forever . I am extremely happy with my purchase .
 I also use it for planting ground covers , seedums , etc. . Works great . I refuse to carp about minor price differences , but I paid under $ 20 for mine at Home Depot .
 Excellent tool ... I had 100 bulbs to plant and could n't spend the time on my knees to dig that many six inch deep holes . The tool is very well made and made it easy . Suspect my heirs will be using it for many years to come . Thank you for such an honest tool.Clark E. CoffeeSan Francisco
 Great tool ! Love the all steel construction and durability . Works well and helps me plant my plants quickly . Can easily dig all my holes and then just drop my plants in and finish the job fast .
 at first I felt ripped off because everything I ever read said bonsai soil should be peat , loam , and crushed granite . well all this is , is crushed granite , but I will say it does work for some applications for quick drainage for example I have Chinese elm outside and it rains alot here so it 's perfect , I never have to water . but be weary other apps
 My bonsai was ready for a new pot and the transition was made much easier by Bonsai Boy . To say that this soil is amazing is an understatement . It came with a very detailed slip informing me of the process taken in order to create the soil I had received . The care they took in ensuring the safety of my package was very much appreciated , as well !
 I received the soil and transplanted my gardenia bonsai and noticed that the little tree was doing less well day after day . In hopes of trying to revive it I transplanted into regular soild . I 'm not quite sure if this soil was for juniper and pine type bonsai and I mis-used it or if there was another problem . I 'm not sure if my bonsai will make it or not but I am a beginner with bonsai trees .
 This seems like just crushed gravel . Good crushed gravel , but just that.I must be wrong , though , in that other reviews here say it works well for bonsai . I re potted my Juniper Bonsai yesterday with it and hope it works out for me.I have to refute what others here are saying about the ` detailed ' instruction sheet / guide included with this . I was pretty disappointed in it actually in that for the most part it was touting how great the product was , and just in general talked about how to use it.Time will tell -- I 'll update my review if things do n't work out .
 Interesting stuff . Made of some kind of ceramic material . Light as a feather , but absorbs a TON of water . Looks nice in the pot as well .
 I am glad I ordered it I am going to order more as all my Bonsais needs some fresh soil and Fertilzer . I have used it for my new plants . I would recommend this soil to anyone that has Bonsai trees .
 Bonsai Boy 's potting soil is a good value . It comes in a large bag and is very convenient . So far my bonsai is thriving in this soil .
 I love this hose , we use it for our yard hose because it is so lightweight . As we get older this hose is easy to haul around and rewind .
 A well designed quality product.Every household should have one . A small price to pay for communication during a disaster .
 I think there are other etons without the camouflage , but I bought this one without mfurther investigation . It has to its great credit the ability to lock in AM and stay there . Sangean -LRB- cc radio plus -RRB- will take FOREVER to do this even with digital tuning instead of the FR400 's analog . Of course , the tuner is off , you always have to aim high.I did not buy this for an emergency radio , but would hate to have to figure out the controls in the dark . And there are too many of them to control the myrial of things it does.However , it has great sound for the price and size , and that 's enough for me . Added benefit
 Pretty cool that you can just crank it up and it 'll work . I bought this radio mainly for emergency use when electricity goes out.I do wish it felt a bit better built but otherwise does what it 's supposed to do .
 This is really an invaluable life-saving tool . Every family should have one of these around the house regardless of whether or not you go camping.HighlightsMultiple power sources with standard battery , rechargeable battery , AC outlet , crank.LED Light-it is n't super bright , but it will get the job done in case your lights go out or you are fumbling for bug spray in the tent.Siren-It is pretty loud , and will certainly garner the attention of onlookers in case you are in trouble.It also comes with a coupon which you mail in to get an adapter to run your cell phone in case the battery dies . Once again great for home or camping.Offers direct communication with the weather channels so there is no fumbling with the tunning dial .
 I purchased this radio after several severe storms left us with no power and no idea of what was going on . This radio has already seen my family through several tornado near misses . We have no basement and the alarm on this radio lets us know , even in the middle of the night , when we need to take cover . While it is a bit annoying to have the `` weather alert '' alarm go off for every alert in the central Illinois area -LRB- many of them do not apply to us -RRB- it is far preferrable to the alternative . The NOAA weather stations come in crystal clear . The hand crank does require quite a bit of cranking to power the radio for 1/2 an hour , but it is a great alternative to always having batteries on hand .
 Good quality electronics . Great reception , for the size very good quality sound . Weather channels and alerts work very well . Very timely for us as we have been getting pounded with severe thunderstorms and tornadoes . We have experienced several power outages and the radio came in handy.Only minor complaint is that the cell phone charging takes a very long time for a significant charge . This feature is for when you REALLY want to make a call .
 I love this emergency radio . It has just about everything you might need during a power outage . I use the FM radio regularly , and keep it handy for tornado warnings . Since it comes in fun colors it makes a nice gift
 It sounds good but I have n't tested it yet to see if I have set it right . I leave it on on and it did n't come on when we had 10 in of snow . I guess it only works for tornado weather .
 No complaints . Works as it says it does . Would not consider the unit rugged , but adequately made .
 This unit provides exactly what I wanted in case of an emergency . When the power goes out , it provides communication with the outside world so that we can learn what is going on . The weather alert went off the second day I had it due to a flood warning . There are many more expensive units available , and cheaper ones , also , but this is just what someone needs to see them through a short time of emergency .
 These are good radios , this is my second . But be warned when the US goes DTV right after the Superbowl Febuary 17 , 2009 the TV audio feature is dead . The FCC is already in the process of auctioning the frequencies off .
 This works fine - got it in the time promised . The only difficulty is that there is not much of an instruction manual .
 Since we have n't yet had a real emergency , I ca n't speak to its use in that capacity , but this little box of energy does everything it claims to do . Use the hand crank , and the flashlight and radio work beautifully . In fact , the sound from the radio is clear and loud . I have other Eton products , and they are small compact wonders , in my opinion . You really do n't need an emergency to enjoy them , but think how useful they will be when one occurs .
 Love the light-weight and compactness of this emergency radio in addition to the multiple energy sources.Tried it out on a recent camping trip and could n't locate TV stations , seemed to get radio on TV setting . In subsequent test at home , I got all our local TV stations , plus some unidentified broadcasts which sounded like radio.NOAA weather broadcast was very helpful on campout.The cover is a good idea , but it fits too tightly to be used easily.Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator -LRB- Red -RRB-
 Product is very good quality and durable . Reception is good and seems to last for quite a while with only a little bit of cranking .
 This handy little radio has plenty going for it . Every family should have one in case of emergencies , which as we know , can happen anytime or anywhere . What I really like about it is the fact that in addition to AM/FM stations and Weather broadcasts -- it picks up the audio from our local TV stations . This can be great because they are the ones that will be broadcasting news and weather as it happens . One added benefit that I did n't realize was also included is a great carrying case with shoulder strap . You ca n't go wrong for the money on this one .
 To start with , we received the Eton FR400 Emergency Radio as a gift a few years ago . The antenna had been snapped off -LRB- as can happen with any radio of this type -RRB- , but a quick visit to Eton 's website and a replacement was quickly obtained , which is far better customer service than many of its competitors.Simply put , this radio does everything that 's expected . Had occasion to use it earlier this year when we had a power outage that lasted for a little more than 24 hours , and cranking the generator for about 90 seconds resulted in use for about an hour . Have n't had occasion to use its noisy emergency siren or its 1 flashing red LED emergency light , but its 2 white LED flashlight is handy , though one might wish for more light.When it comes to radio reception , have had occasion to use all of its AM/FM/NOAA / TV1/TV2 -LRB- VHF channels 2-13 -RRB- bands , and reception has been just fine . Have used it on the NOAA weather bands , and the alert function for emergency broadcasts works as expected . Should also mention that the radio is sturdy but very light weight , and only 1 lb 4 oz.This sturdy emergency radio might not be `` waterproof '' in the classic sense , but it easily qualifies as an all-weather emergency radio , though I would recommend this only under battery power , and not with an AC adapter!For those who want to use it as an emergency cell phone charger , check the documentation that came with your radio . You should find instructions on how to obtain the proper tip for your cell phone , or you can contact the company at etoncorp.com and you 'll find the directions online ... it 's that easy . You 'll find replacement parts there as well , including NiMH 3.6 V rechargeable battery packs -LRB- like I need to order -RRB- and such.As far as ruggedness , usability , quality and reception go , this is a 5-star product . However , on February 17 , 2009 all full-power broadcast television stations in the US will stop broadcasting on analog airwaves and begin broadcasting only in digital . This radio -LRB- and most of the others that have TV bands -RRB- will not be useful on the TV1 & TV2 bands due to this changeover , so I feel it 's only fair to post this as a 4-star rating , with full faith that Eton will come out with a digital product in the future.But if the TV bands mean nothing to you , then please do consider this to be a 5-star rating.Others worh considering are the very similarAmerican Red Cross FR400 Emergency Radio , White , which appears to be almost the same . If size is a consideration , then the super-small and full-featuredAmerican Red Cross FR150 Microlink Portable Radioor the similarEt&oacute;n FR150 Microlink Portable Radioare well worth your consideration . If the addition of shortwave receprion is importent to you , theEt&oacute;n FR500 Solarlinkhas that , along with an array of encapsulated solar cells that can also run the FR-500 .
 I love this thing . I got it on sale when Amazon offered it at significant discount . Its brothers and sisters in other colors were 30 dollars more expensive . I guarantee you that if I ever need an emergency radio I am not going to care one damned bit that it is pink . In fact , I confess , it is kind of cute in hot pink . But on to its functional delights : This radio will handcrank power to the radio and to your cell phone . The radio comes with a coupon so that you can get an attachment to hook up and power your specific cell phone . The radio has FM , AM , TV channels and weather . Besides the handcrank it can be powered with batteries or a wall plug in . The wall plug in attachment is included.It also serves as a flashlight . It has a carrying case . This thing is so cute and functional that I can almost imagine that someone crossed an iPod with a standard emergency radio and came up with this . Great deal for 29 bucks as a Gold Box special .
 I have not use it yet , but is a great comfort to have it at hand
 The radio practically has it all . A hand crank , a rechargeable battery -LRB- by crank or by AC adapter -RRB- , and a battery slot for normal batteries . It has a tuner for TV , AM , FM , and weather channels . About the only thing it lacks is a solar panel.So much for the promotional , here is the good and the bad with the radio ... The Good.It is quite compact and comes in its own storage bag . But the bag is not waterproof and is intended just as a carrying case . If you plan to use this radio when out in the woods I would recommend putting it in a ziplock style bag to keep out the water and moisture - and it is small enough to do just that.The hand crank appears to be of solid construction and takes very little winding to power the radio . 30 seconds of cranking gives you about 5 - 8 minutes of radio play if the rechargeable battery is plugged in . Otherwise you will have to continously crank the radio to keep it powered on . This is a nice `` last resort '' option , but when Murphy 's Law kicks in it is nice to have that feature.The Bad.Although it comes with a TV tuner , I was unable to pick up any of the local channels even in town . Maybe I am unlucky or maybe this feature just does n't work as advertised . It could also be that this feature no longer works as TV signals are now digital and in HD only and even the audio portion of the broadcast can no longer be picked up with this type of equipment.Also the weather bands do n't seem to be picked up very well . I deliberately tried to pick up weather warnings during a bad rain storm in my area . I picked up nothing on any of the weather bands . Again it could be because they were n't sending out warnings or maybe it does n't work as intended . But with multiple weather bands getting those warnings maybe hit or miss and you maybe better off sticking to the local FM stations for weather warnings.All-in-all it is n't a bad field radio . Some of the features are questionable but it is of solid construction and looks like it will last for some time . The only thing you may have to monitor on this radio is the rechargeable battery . To get the most out of the radio you may want to replace it every couple of years .
 Pros : Battery operated.Can use hand crank if battery failsAlso is a conventional radioHas a built-in flash light.Will charge your cell phone . Card enclosed to receive the correct adapter.CON
 This is an excellent radio with good sound quality for both talk and music . It is sturdy and well built . It comes with a convenient carry case which holds the instructions and batteries which is very useful in the case of an emergency . Sound is clearest after a full charge using the built in re-chargable battery and also clear using AA batteries . The least clear sound is produced when all other power supply is exhausted and you need to use the crank . However , this radio has a lot to run on before you get to the crank stage.The company was very prompt in supplying the cell phone adapter , however they have sent two and neither of them fit the phone so in an emergency we will not be able to charge the phone until we get this aspect straigntened out . this is the reason for 4 rather than 5starsEvery home should have this radio for both emergency and ordinary portable use .
 A little pricey but came with all of the features I wanted . Easy to use , durable construction . Do n't forget to contact the company for a cell phone charger as it is not included in the box , you have to order it with a postcard found in the box or by email .
 This radio is a quality product . It tunes in stations easily . The sound is clear and crisp . Buttons , knobs , and switches are easy to use . The plus is that can generate power by itself . Aside from rechargeable batteries for emergencies , it uses three AA batteries for daily use .
 I bought this product based on a friend 's recommendation . I have been very impressed with the features and functionality of the FR-400 . The quality of the unit is nice and I have already had the benefit of the `` alert '' function .
 Nice radio and weather settings . The radio has does not tune to any UHF channels so thats a loss but good reception and sound , nice for what it is . The weather warning function is not real useful since it goes off for a 5 county area and 90 % of the time there is no reason for it to wake me at 2 in the morning . This is not he radios fault but more NOAA 's so cant blame eton for it .
 In these uncertain times I have felt a need for an emergency radio , and this fits the bill quite well .
 The Eton radio has excellent reception . It is compact , easy to use and has a useful flashlight and emergency light .
 Just what I orderer . for the price it was a steal . does everything it should do as an crank type radio .
 This is radio that is for your `` Must Pack '' list whenever you travel . Quality is excellent with solid sound reception for AM , FM and Weather . No need to worry about power if you end up in the wilderness . Just turn the crank and you 're back in touch with the world . Just ordered one as Christmas gift for my outdoor-obsessed son in law . It 'll be a fixture on his boat and in his golf bag , I am certain . He has to stay in touch with what 's happening and this this will make that happen for him .
 After the hurricane hit Houston this was a necessity for my family for over a week ! Worked just as it was suppose to .
 We started playing with this right away , even though it is really for our emergency kit . It is heavy duty and holds a charge real well . We could listen to TV or the radio . It has a goofy port for `` charging your cell phone '' that we ca n't figure out . Our cell phones do n't hook up to that , and there are no directions . At all . You just open this and play with it . No directions at all . But we got one for each of our grown children too .
 I originally bought a `` Jeep '' all weather radio for my husband for Christmas - I thought paying more might mean a better product ; not so , the hand crank broke on 2nd use . I then ordered this one - my hubby loves it . It contains everything we would want for an emergency radio ; we have no problems picking up any of the t.v. , National or local stations . The light is sufficient for an emergency and the Alert would definitely get you out of bed . The only issue we have seen is that we had it on one night and the alarm went off for no apparant reason ... If not for that I would have given it 5 stars . I think this is a must for any household that lives in a storm prone area -LRB- which seems to be just about anywhere now a days -RRB-
 Received this emergency radio several weeks ago , and I have used it several time since then -LRB- thank the Lord not in an emergency situation though ! -RRB- . It worked great out of the box . Did everything that was promised it would do . The only draw back is that I still have not received the cell phone adapters that I sent for when I received the radio . I guess it takes the company awhile to get them into the mail to me ? Otherwise , a great emergency radio !
 I went seven 1/2 days with no electricity following Hurricane Ike and did n't use one battery . Love this radio . Yes , I had to crank and crank to listen to the radio , but it gave me something to fiddle with - and the light stayed on long and strong without recranking , whether the radio was on or no.Don ' t know if the VHF TV Band will work after digital transition in Feb 2009 , but I 'd buy any Eton crank radio on the strength of my good experience with this .
 Unless you have crazy expectations , this radio is good for the price . I had to use it recently after Hurricane Gustav blew through our area , and everything I needed it to do , it did just fine . The radio reception was clear , flashlight threw off a good amount of light , and it was compact and sturdy . The radio was on continuously for three days with the same batteries . It was also nice to get a tv station , to get a break from the continual blather about the situation around town . I did n't try the cell phone charger .
 After noting some less than satisfactory reviews by others on similar Eaton products , I decided to go ahead and buy this product . I found that the FR400 meets all my criteria in a weather radio . First , the crank system covers our communications need should we have an extended power outage.This past week , over 100,000 people were without power in our area . The crank generating system works excellent . It actually works easier than I thought that it would . I also find the Alert function very important . You simple turn a Selector Knob to Alert , and when the National Weather Service issues an alert , the radio comes on automatically . This alert gives you advance warning of dangerous weather , and can save your life in case a tornado is about to happen near you.It also warns you of other bad weather conditions such as extreme straight line winds and hail . Flood Warnings are also covered in these alerts.Yes we have tornado sirens for impending tornados . Since we have satellite TV reception , we usually lose our TV signal just as the bad storms get close to us . With the FR400 , we easily can slide the selection bar and tune in any of several TV stations , and pick up the sound portion of the broadcast . We can also access our local FM and AM radio channels.The reception is excellent on both AM and FM bands . I have mine set to Channel ll the CBS TV affiliate in Dallas/Fort Worth . The tuning bar reads TV2 . Channel 5 , a lower number would be set on TV1 . We consider this product an excellent value , and recommend this model due to the included AC Adapter . The included cell phone adapters fit both my wife 's cell phone and my own . Hers is an ancient Motorola and mine is a recent LG . There are excellent set up instructions should you need them from the Eton website . It 's actually very simple to set up . Lights , Sirens , Radio , Crank and Auto settings are clearly marked . Dialing is no problem , and the TV and Weather Service reception is excellent . This product has it all , and is a must for having a dependable weather warning or disaster communication radio .
 This radio is reviewed on Amazon several times , but most are under the Red Cross version 's listing , even though this is exactly the same radio . I read several negative reviews prior to buying this item . Well , as it turns out I think this is a nice little unit . I would describe the sound overall as good . Maybe I 'll amend this review in the future , but I 'm happy with the features , design & performance.Opening the battery cover and connecting the battery was just that simple , and it has remained securely closed . Maybe the design has been modified because that procedure has gotten a lot of negative feedback , but I ca n't see any reason there would be a problem . The cellphone charging cord & several connectors -LRB- let 's be honest ... we 're never going to use this -RRB- were included , and my Sanyo phone is covered.This is a light , inexpensive case . The tuner seems fine . Here in NYC I 've had no trouble tuning in the various AM & FM stations that I like . This is not a high-end indestructable radio . I think this is a good , relatively solidly built & designed radio that can be used every day . I charged it over night with the included adapter . It 's brought me a few ballgames over the past few days without needing a charge -LRB- I 'm just going to let it drain completely once to complete a battery cycle -RRB- . I like this little radio very much .
 I needed more info on this radio and others so I called Amazon tech support . I was given the Eton customer service number
 The inexpensive Eton FR400 is a nice little radio as well as a potential lifesaver . For its size it has a surprisingly good balanced tone -LRB- not adjustable -RRB- , and very clear reception on NOAA , AM , FM , and TV bands alike . The power crank/dynamo doubles as an exercise machine ... not the easiest thing to crank -LRB- especially if you follow the recommendation to crank at 2 revolutions per second for 90 seconds to acheive maximum power charge -RRB- , but you get up to an hour and a half to rest up before you need to recharge . I wish the case had a compartment for the power and cell phone adapters though , to keep all parts in one place . I gave mine to my electronically picky and critical sattelite-TV field manager brother-in-law -LRB- to keep at his home in the US Virgin Islands for hurricane use -RRB- , and immediately bought another for our own tornado , thunderstorm , icestorm and power vagary usage here in beautiful rural West Michigan . I 'll take it camping and its light weight and weather resistant design may even cause it to join me in my treestands this deer season -LRB- I wish an earphone was included as well , but as I seem to be the last living man without an iPod I ca n't blame Eton for my not having my own headphones , I suppose ... -RRB- . By the way , the available metallic colors offered on these are `` way cool '' ! You wo n't regret buying the FR400 , regardless of the weather in your part of the world . BTW
 The FR400 is a good , though pricey , radio . The LED flashlight is intense -LRB- you wo n't want to look directly at it -RRB- , but not so bright . This is the case for most LED flashlights , so , if you need to be active during a low light condition , you might be better off with an ordinary flashlight . I have two gripes :1 -RRB- It does n't stand well on its end . During a recent power outage , I tried pointing the light upward , as I did with my other flashlights , so that it would reflect off the ceiling and illuminate a larger area . The dynamo crank prevents the radio from standing well on its end .2 -RRB- The AC adapter does n't fit in the bag , as another reviewer already noted . The bag , by the way , fits rather tightly , so it is easy to accidentally turn knobs and flip switches as you 're pushing the radio in .
 Everything worked out of the box . Construction is plastic , rather than metal , so long term durability may be an issue especially if it is used daily . Nice rubber sealed battery door to keep moisture out , but I 'd still avoid getting it wet . I 've experimented with the crank charger which worked fine , but have n't really put it to a tough real world test yet.It has a nice little battery pack that is included & you can also insert three AA NiMh batteries of your own . The tight fitting fabric case has a shoulder strap , but no room in the bag for the AC charger.It did n't include an adapter for my Motorola Razr cell phone , but when I called Eton , they sent one for free.I only use it occasionally during emergencies . Not sure if it 's durable enough for constant everyday use . If your looking for something for constant use , get ready to spend a lot more money for a radio .
 and ... it has `` nice lines , '' has a smaller footprint in Emergency Kit , great for the car where space is a premium .
 I have used every aspect of my new Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio , since it arrived . I 've been putting it through its paces , testing everything I can , so that , should I ever need it in an emergency , there will be no surprises.And so far - none.I am very happy I listened to other reviewers here and took their suggestion to buy this great product.If anyone cares , the AM side of things comes in great - as opposed to many smaller radios where getting a strong AM signal is often difficult.Also - the siren is very loud , which is great -LRB- because I did n't expect it to be -RRB- Pros
 Shortly after purchasing this radio our electric was off for six days . I had the radio turned on for six days , 24 hours a day . I am still using the same batteries in the radio . This is a good radio that I recommend to anyone considering one . I am pleased with my radio and would purchase it again.Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator -LRB- Red -RRB-
 This is a nice little radio for the price . I 've noticed that it does n't seem to work very well from the wall adapter , but works great either from batteries , or while you are actually turning the crank . Regular FM radio and the weather band stations come in loud and clear , which in my remote area is not true of cheaper radios . The alert feature works very well also . This little radio kept us informed during some scary summer weather , even with the power out.As far as the phone charger goes , the adapter tip for my cell phone came in about 6 weeks . It does in fact charge the cell phone -LRB- veeeerrrryyyy slowly ... -RRB- Many minutes of cranking would probably get you enough juice to make a very brief call or send and receive several text messages . Not fabulous , but it would make essential communication possible in an extended power outage -LRB- if cell towers were working , anyway -RRB- .
 ... no need for them since analog is dead early next year . Great multi-function radio-light hand-crank device , but the flash light portion is really small in comparison to the overall size -LRB- light is about half the size of the smaller FR-150 -RRB- . Just ordered the cell phone tips AND connecting cord . The cell phone connecting cord is NOT in box like it is in the FR-150 . As you can tell , we have both models ; they are good complements for each other .
 This radio exceeded my expectations . It has everything I need for an emergency weather alert and the company sent the correct cell phone charger as soon as I registered the radio.I did n't find anything wrong with the material . Its just a hard plastic that you typically find on these products . Great Buy !
 I had this radio for a month and so far had excellent experience with it . They are taking their time sending me that Cell Phone charger though . I am not sure if they will ever send it but I will try to get a hold of them soon .
 This is not a radio designed for the audiophile . In fact , it really should n't be viewed as anything but a radio to be used during emergencies or for occasional portable use . That does n't mean it ca n't be used everyday , as I do , but it does mean your expectations should be relatively low.Audio quality is mediocre
 Product description says it comes with connection tips to recharge cell phones . It does not . One other reviewer said you have to call Eton to get such . After Christmas , I 'll give that a whirl and see what happens . Otherwise , it 's a good radio and the cammo version is much less expensive than the others though I 'm not sure why . Maybe the cell phone tips ????
 Great little product . Have not used it enough to test the battery life yet . Still waiting on the phone charger . It required sending in a card with the model of my phone . Would have made more sense to have a cigarette lighter receptical for this purpose so it could be used for more than just a phone charger .
 I use the most basic features of this radio and it works great . The color is nice , it is a small size and easily portable , to use in the garage or out in the yard . It comes in most handy when the power goes out and I can crank the charger to power the radio if I am out of batteries .
 Thirty bucks shipped ? Sold . It does exactly what they said it would . We have a fair amount of power outages due to older large trees in our neighborhood .
 Bright red , nice carrying case , multiple functions all make this a great emergency device . The hand crank with rechargeable batteries or regular batteries gives you many ways to have lots of power . The weather channel feature , TV channel feature and especially the cell phone charger feature are all must haves . I highly recommend this radio . It is also Red Cross recommended which is a plus . Buy it !
 I compared this radio with many others , and decided to go with this one . My decision was on mark , it is without question the `` best '' radio I have owned , and I 've owned plenty of radios over the years ! The standard AM/FM and TV stations are exceptional ... I live 65 miles from the stations and they come in crystal clear with great volume and no static . The weather channel is crystal clear and good volume . I love the option of using the rechargeable batteries that come with it -LRB- or using regular batteries -RRB- or , and I love this , the crank ... just a few turns of the crank and you have a flashlight , emergency flashing lights , siren , and all the radio stations ! What is better than that ?
 I love my little pink Eton . I initially got it simply because this radio was on my wish list but I justify the purchase . When it went on Gold Box Special I was less than thrilled with the color on the screen but got it anyway.Sooo glad I did . Love the radio . Really love the color .
 I ordered this Deluxe All-Purpose 3 Gallon Lawn & Garden Sprayer from B&G Equipment . I received a similar unit but it was all black and I ordered the semi transparent unit so a person can see the liquid level in the sprayer . I contacted B&G Equipment and they sent out the correct model with in a very short time . Just be careful you do n't get caught up in there phone system .
 It pumps easier . Holds pressure well . Provides a nice even mist . The only complaint is the trigger spins around and is not fixed . If you hold the wand the wrong way the trigger can pinch . The wands is all metal and has no plastic . Is easy to clean . Thick walled plastic tank , is for the most part unbreakable . We have been through several cheap $ 12 Walmart specials and this is defiantly a step up in both functionality and durability . Well worth the extra cost , if cared for properly -LRB- cleaned after each use -RRB- should last for many years .
 This product is well worth the money . No more buying a plastic sprayer only to not be able to purchase parts to keep it functioning correctly . the only drawback on the sprayer was that it came with a flat spray tip and not the adjustable spray nozzle that is more versatile .
 I purchased this sprayer on the recommendation of a professional pest control company and it is as advertised . I received the sprayer in good condition , the company notified me of receipt of the order and shipping of the order . Performance is great , I can spray up to 10 feet and up to 10 minutes at full spray . I would definitely recommend this sprayer and the company to others .
 The metal detector -LRB- gold century easy hunter -RRB- has been amazing for my grandson . He has found objects below the ground that has made him happy to find . It was a very good buy .
 I have n't used this item yet-it is a gift for my fiance 's birthday in January-but it did arrive quickly after my order was placed .
 We received prompt delivery and the detector was well packaged . It was a Christmas present for our grandson so there was some delay between our receiving the detector and giving it to him . The detector worked fine out of the box and all are happy .
 Finding stuff ... 5 '' to 6 '' underground ... For a Beginners , Metal Detector ... . I would say tuff to beat ...
 I bought this for my son 's 12th birthday . It was just what he was wanting . I chose this one over other similarly priced models because of the `` extras '' that were included . It works great and he was super excited ... when he received the box from the UPS man that read METAL DECTECTOR on the outside of it . I read another review that had a similar experience for Christmas . If you are buying this as a gift for a child who can read , you may want to consider having it shipped to another address .
 the head set did not come with the metal detector , and as soon as i let the company know i had the headset within 2 daysi will order from this company again , they were very helpful and no problems.very refreshing customer service.made my day thank you.oh the product is great too
 Shipping was great , received order within 3 days of placing it . Purchased as a birthday gift for my 11 year old son . Tried it out and it works great . We were only out about 15 minutes and we found the top of a pop can , the bottom portion of a Federal Monark shotgun shell , and a nice sized chunk of iron ore . Some of the items were buried about 5 inches down , so it works really well . ''
 I received my detector quickly , though not as fast as I was led to believe from the reviews I had read on Amazon . The metal detector works great but I had a difficult time connecting the two main pieces together . For some reason , it just would not connect . As such , I was forced to use duct tape to put the two pieces together . This solved the problem , but is very ugly and I am concerned that the two pieces will eventually come apart . The metal detector itself works fine and I would recommend this product to anyone , however the company should look into the problem with the connection .
 Bought it for my father - in - law for CHRISTmas , wwe used it that day to find a item we had lost on the farm and found it !! Proved it 's worth to us
 The product is simple to put together , seems to be functioning well and a good value for the money . We actually ended up with the next level up due to a supplier issue .
 `` Amazing delivery time . Ordered Nov 24 , received it on Nov 26th . Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 stars was the outside box it came in stated what it was in big bold letters `` Metal Detector '' . So much for a surprise when my 10 yr-old beat me to the door to greet the UPS guy . The excite-o-meter was n't quite so high xmas morning , but he is out on the beach in front of our house everyday looking for treasure . ''
 The product is okay -- but so far , no birds -LRB- including bluebirds -RRB- will have anything to do with it . Maybe you will have better luck .
 The product is very nice and is as described.I order 2 and after a few weeks got one , never got the other one ... canceled the order.Shame
 Item was delivered fast and worked great . Price is very competitive . Will definitely order from this company again !
 I 'll let the wrens speak for this . I bought four houses this spring , and we had a 100 % occupancy rate . Not sure of how many chicks , but they did a lot of chirping when hungry . These are easy to hang , and easy to clean . Ca n't say how long they 'll hold up , but it appears they 'll last a while . Jim Rossi
 My ` critters ' are baby geckos and I have n't figured out how they get in but I definitely want them out ... and this product works . It is not as silent as purported but better the sound than a houseful of geckos !
 I have this by my front door as we have a poodle.It is very well made and very cute . I would recommendthis item to anyone and they have other breeds to chosefrom .
 The photos of the product do not do it justice , nor show what I was looking for , and hoping for , eight wheels - and they are there . This unit is Big , Bold , Brilliantly Colourful and puts smiles on the faces of all who see it . This is my second in the series of Premier Designs John Deere Wind Spinners . I purchased it in part because of the proven durability of the first . I live in the land of the midnight sun , and the long extremely cold , -LRB- -40 * -RRB- winters with winds gusting to the point my anemometer broke at a little over 100MPH ! The color stays bold , the fabric taunt , the plastic spine does not break , the wheels spin on and on and on and ... Keeps em all smiling ... The packaging for this shipment was also impressive , big bold and reusable shipping container , we continue it 's use as a repository for posters and large pboto-prints . Buy with confidence and buy for your neighborhood friends , it will improve your views !
 These path lights are delightful . No 2 are alike as each is handmade . The quality and beauty are there . The glow softly along the walk providing just the right amount of light . truely worth the price .
 As the other review also states , this is incorrectly described . It is an 11 watt fixture , and can not handle a 18W bulb . I informed Amazon of this 2 months ago , and apparently it is not being corrected .
 I ordered 3 of these lights , all 3 came with 11 watt bulbs not 18
 -LRB- ... -RRB- There is only one bulb in each box , however buying additional bulbs -LRB- is not expensive -RRB-
 We have had this about two months now and are pretty satisfied with it as opposed to the Weber grill cover we were contemplating buying . It was vinyl , this is double stitched cloth/canvas with a vinyl lining . Looks real sharp . Our only complaint is that we were advised by Two Dogs -LRB- reminds me of an old joke ... -RRB- to get the 53 '' long model for our Weber Spirit but it is several inches too long and drags on the ground . Eventually , it got caught in the cart 's wheels and was accidentally torn by a laborer who moved it to work on our patio . We replaced it with a 53 '' regular and the fit was perfect -LRB- 5-6 '' off the ground -RRB- although the price was around $ 20 more , for whatever reason . Oh , the color choices are a bonus !
 I bought this grill cover for the new grill I bought from Lowe 's . After checking the measurements on the new propane grill it was time to shop online for a durable grill cover since Home Depot and Lowe 's had cheap material covers at the stores for a hefty price.This cover was easy to go over the grill and with wth front and rear velcro straps it fit tight around the grill bottom for those high wind days of Winter in Northeast N.Y.
 December 28 , 2010 - It fits perfectly . My grill is exactly 53 inches -LRB- measured at side burner/wing -RRB- , by 26 -LRB- at fattest depth -RRB- , by 45 inches tall . It is a $ 200 Kenmore 4-burner gas grill with additional side burner on left , and shelf on right -LRB- Sears Item # 07116128000 | Model # 464220110 -RRB- . October 5 , 2012 - I still like the cover , but it is no longer `` chocolate '' especially on top . Most of the fading was in the first season . I like the color better than black either way , but next time , I 'll get something lighter to start with , then at least it would look more uniform when it fades . Still in great shape , it is durable canvas , and I expect a few more seasons out of it .
 I bought this on sale thru Amazon for $ 23.00 . This cover appears to be made of extremely high qulity materials and is very roomy . The velcro tabs at the bottom on the sides is very useul to cinch the cover tighter against the grill for added protection . I have received a huge number of comments on the cover - some good and others not so much - but I LOVE that the cover has a presence and is not the typical boring black or beige so no matter what people say , I could n't be happier !!
 it arrived on time and fit perfectly . it is wonderful for the flamingo lover !
 I bought this cover to fit my slightly odd-sized barbeque grill , and it fits perfectly and is made of very heavy vinyl . There are also convenient velcro straps near the bottom of the cover that ensures an even better custom fit . The color is nice and blends in to my dark red brick house .
 This is my second item from this vendor ; first lasted 5 yrs outdoors in a corrosive seacoast environment . This one looks even better made and slightly roomier than the first . Smart looking , tough , sized as advertised and very fair price . I would recommend to anyone .
 I have tried a few grill covers and this one stands out as the best so far . It does a great job with a nice colored layer on the outside and a rubber waterproof layer inside .
 Finally , I found an attractive BBQ Cover at a good price . It 's such a nice change from the usual dull black that is so commonly sold . This Two Dogs cover is a nice rich brown that , after over two months in the Southern California sun , has not faded at all.Well made with Velcro tabs on the bottom to keep the wind from blowing it off .
 Good quality grill cover-definitely made of a sturdy material , love the fact that it covers the grill completely . However , I 've had the cover for approximately 8-9 months now , and it 's starting to fade a bit ; considering the description says it has an `` exclusive color infusion process that prevents fading '' , I was somewhat surprised . Nonetheless , I 'm not too concern , my goal was to protect the grill from rain , dust , etc. , and it 's doing its job.Two Dogs Designs 72-Inch Extra-Long Grill Cover , Chocolate Brown
 I bought a HUGE BBQ & needed a ` huge ' cover . This one is it ! Great design to fit perfectly so easy to get on & off . -LRB- Before I would let my poor ` ol BBQ just sit in the weather cuz it was such a hassle to put the cover on . -RRB- Very heavy canvas material , & so far no issues with color fading like I read in other reviews . I love it & recommend it highly !!
 Perfect for our grill ! Slips on and off with great ease and secures nicely with velco straps . Looks good too !
 Very happy with this purchase . The cover is very well made of strong canvas . The fit is perfect and , best of all ... It 's not just the typical ugly black !
 I think it 's made of a good material and does the job very well . It 's a good buy for the price .
 This is the best grill cover I have seen . It is heavy duty and has a fabric look . Very impressed by how easy it is to put on . We have had it a few months and if it is as tough as it seems to be I certainly would buy it again . Little pricey but worth it .
 Beautiful , adds really great color to the deck . We wanted waterproof , not flimsy black plastic , and this cover is not only waterproof , but really great looking , and fits great .
 As I could n't find a good quality grill cover at the local stores I began searching the internet -- and how cool is this sunflower grill cover ??? It is great quality and great looking on the patio -- I ca n't wait to see what else this company offers -- love it !!!!!!!!!!!!
 We had such a hard time finding a cover for our large grill . This cover not only fit , it is also very nicely made . Even better than the original cover that came with the grill !
 I loved the cover . Looks great and is made very durable . This was the only one I could find in the size I needed and the only place I could find it .
 This is a great grill cover . It 's a great fit for an over sized BBQ . It 's really well made and looks good on the patio .
 Got this in the usual 2 days via my Amazon Prime account . I had been searching for a sturdy well-made grill cover for my 48 '' permanent post-mount gas grill . This fit the bill extremely well . It is made of a very heavy lined material . There are long and wide Velcro straps that allow me to wrap around the post . The only thing for me is to see how fade resistant it is going to be .
 The quality of the fabric is as described , and the print is pretty.The only problem is that they used single stitching , so quite a bit of water will get through . Since I sew , I 'm going to add another row of stitching to make the seams more waterproof . My old grill cover used two rows of stiching , and that seemed to keep the grill dry.Overall , it was more important to me to have a pretty cover , instead of a big black eye sore on my deck , so the extra work is worth it .
 Great grill cover - it was even better than I thought it would be ... roomy , bright , sturdy , fun !
 Super fast delivery ! Item exactly as described ! If you love chili peppers this item is a must ! Thanks !
 The smoke chips are so easy to use . The flavor is true to mesquite ... how could it not be when it IS mesquite . : -RRB-
 Very nice flavor . Best with chicken . I recommend it . I got 4 buckets just in case :-RRB- strongly recommend it .
 Have used the Mesquite , hickory , and alder chips in my Camerons stovetop smoker , and all are excellent . The aroma and flavor are really good . Easy to use , and simple cleanup .
 Mosquito Magnet Replacement Net for Liberty Plus MM3100NETThis is the net for the 2008 Version of the Mosquito Magnet , called the Liberty Plus . It 's larger and more expensive than nets for past models ; but , it works !
 Worth getting since cost elsewhere is so much more . Does what it says if you use it right -- it catches mosquitos
 What can I say - it 's a net . It came with no rips , tears , or holes large enough to allow getaways . It fits in the Mosquito Magnet ; it catches the bugs ... what more could you ask for ?!
 Just thought I would let everyone know that after searching around online , Mosquito Control Technology sells these for the cheapest price I 've found . Great product , fast shipping , and their customer service is great -LRB- I had my machine repaired by them too -RRB- .
 Would give it a 5 except it you are goging to put it around a flower bed make sure the ground you place it in is not lose soil or mulch or the guide will get pulled loose .
 We are huge football lovers . We love our new house divided sign . I love doing business with this company . I always receive great service and the products are always on time .
 I like it , for the price ... The only complaint is it is n't heavy enough / anchored . If you are pulling the hose out , it often does a faceplant and falls over . A piece of slate stone on top is my workaround
 Very nice hose reel , does need to be held on to when rolling up hose though . Would be nice to have a place to put your foot and stabilize when reeling in hose . Recommend this product for the price .
 I was originally looking for a one gallon can . I use this can for my oil mixed gas . This can should last the rest of my life and maybe my kids as well . This can is extremely well built . I would recommend this can to anyone .
 I have both eagle and Justrite safety cans and prefer the Justrite over the eagle . I find them easier to fill . They are 10 times better than a plastic can though .
 I have both the Justrite and the eagle and prefer the Justrite . either is 1,000 times better than a plastic can .
 A great container to safely store gas to easily fuel a generator , mower , or any gasoline engine I own ! Highly recommend it !
 The only problem is that long spout is too thin and mightnot last long . If that breaks you will have to use a funnel.The company does not have a web site to see the price forthe funnel.The tank will last forever .
 I previously bought a crappy plastic Briggs & Stratton 5 gallon diesel container which never failed to leave me smelling like diesel after inevitable leaks and spills . This sucker , however , is well-made , easy-to-use , and of an elegant simple design . Highly recommended .
 All seems to be going just fine with these Eagle UI-50-FSY Yellow Galvanized Steel Type I Diesel Safety Cans . I have no complaints .
 All these no spill safety gas cans keep breaking spouts and cracking on me and spill gas all the time ! NOT with this Eagle can , this will put the fuel where it should go with control ! The can is metal and will not crack in the sun or leak . The 2 gallon is great for chain saws and weed eaters . Try one and you wo n't go back !!!
 I 've gone through a few plastic cans that kept giving me problems with leaks while filling . I worked with a friend on a burn unit who was himself burned when he ran out of gas while cutting the grass and tried adding fuel to a hot motor -- NEVER a good idea . The plastic fill tube on his and on most of mine leaked . I live in Marquette , Michigan and could n't find any metal cans locally.This can is n't ideal since apparently they have decided we ca n't have a separate fill opening.Getting gas into the can requires take the plastic funnel off and pulling back the spring loaded gas pour cap while filling . That being said once the gas is in the can you can fuel your machines safe in the knowledge that unless you try to gas a hot engine -LRB- and are careless -RRB- that you 'll be able to complete the task without setting yourself afire .
 I am impressed . Between the welded steel construction , the galvanizing , and the power coat paint , I do n't imagine that these gas cans will rust away in the next couple of decades . They are a HUGE step up from the standard plastic gas cans that will never sit right , will never seal right , and will rarely pour right ! We have tried a dozen other gas cans , and these are the only ones that we really trust . If I had bought these in the first place -LRB- 30 years ago and more recently -RRB- , I would have probably saved money over the long haul . Do n't be put off by the price - they are good for many years .
 I bought several of these after becoming frustrated with the new `` safety spout '' features on the plastic cans . These are well built , sturdy cans that you can pour from without spilling fuel everywhere . If you plan on using these to fill a tank for your deisel engine , I reccommend that you get the funnel spout with it , or get the type II that comes with a metal hose attached .
 Of course while in the service I used the heavy duty cans with flex spouts , and those are the best , but very hard to find these days . So I 've had to make do for years and years with the plastic ones that you have to take off the spout to fill , and they always leak either there or at the `` safety valve '' they were putting on the spout tip for a while . I 'm testifying tomorrow in a deposition about one of those , you can find my review of it if you look for the lowest rated gas cans ... haha . That one not only leaked while using and filling , it split along the handle at the top and exhausted fumes all over the shed all day every day , and sloshed gas on my hands when I carried it , and then poured gas out of the split onto whatever I was filling ... forget that ~ !! But I 've had two of these Eagle cans for over two years now , and they get a lot of use and store in a southwest Texas storage shed that gets really hot in the summer ... so these metal cans help give me at least a little feeling of being safer . I 've never had a spill with these , and taking off the funnel is no problem when filling ... for me anyway , apparently some other reviewers do n't realize all they went through with other types of cans when filling , like the ratcheting safety clips and the rubber washers that fall off and then the can leaks ... these are spring loaded at the cap , just a squeeze to open it , and even though a `` little '' pressure could build up in them in the heat , not much , since it can just push the cap up and the spring lets out the pressure . This is a good design and I 'll stick with it . The price is higher , but they 'll last a long long time and stay trouble free.I recommend .
 The steel gas can is much better than the non-steel ones in terms of safety . The Eagle one is well made and easy to use . I do not have the strength to open the caps of any newer non-steel gas cans no matter the brand . -LRB- My strength is good enough to shove 8 inches of wet snow continuously for 5 hours . -RRB-
 As a farm owner , I have to store both diesel and gasoline . The plastic containers were just not cutting it with me . They have switched to these new spill proof tops and they also meant it was harder to try and fill a tractor -LRB- ever try holding 5 gallons of diesel over a tractor while trying to press the little green handle to continue the flow?This container lets you fill and forget . the spot and balance allows you to start the fill on certain equipment -LRB- like a tractor -RRB- and go elsewhere until it is done . Better yet , it stores nicely and I do n't have to worry about odors like I do the plastic containers . Solid and nice .
 the can has a very tight seal to help keep gas fresh , and the spout comes in very handy when filling every gas powered item I own . I 'm tired of the plastic gas cans and their spouts that always break , this is the way to go .
 What can I say ? This is a well built can and the price was great via Amazon . I purchased four of them to have on hand in the case of an emergency . I also purchased eight five gallon gasoline cans as well . I really wanted to purchase the more expensive model also made by Eagle , but could n't convince myself to spend the extra money it would have taken to make up the difference . I must be honest and say that I have not yet used them but reading the feedback about the fuel spraying in your face did not concern me . I 'll just be careful when I use them and wo n't fill them to the brim . From what I have experienced so far , I highly recommend this product.UPDATE 1-1-13I 've used these cans since I first reviewed them . I submit that they work `` fine '' but are a bit of a hassle to use based on the way they are designed . When the spout -LRB- provided with the can -RRB- is in place , it becomes a little difficult to use ... since the stationary spout dictates everything ... . If I were to do it all again , I think I would spring for the extra cash and get the more expensive model which allows you to adjust the position of the can more while filling because of the bendable spout that is supplied with the more expensive model . I still stand behind my five star rating because this can is still a quality product and saves you money if you are watching your wallet . If you can afford the luxury model ... then go for the more expensive model ... it will probably be a little smoother sailing ...
 I am very pleased with my eagle gas can . It really is VERY accurate when filling my lawn products . The only thing I was n't totally happy with is the fact that the funnel has to be removed each time you fill the can with fuel . But ... I 'll live with it because of the easiness and accuracy of filling my lawn products . Also ... Amazon has always been fantastic for their reliability of getting your orders to you and with tracking to boot !
 People just need to have some common sense when using this can . It is the only one that will outlast those plastic cans and it is made in the USA . I know some people do n't care about that , but I do.I work part time at a Stihl power equipment shop and we service all kind of power equipment because of the plastic residue getting into the carburetor . I only mix one gallon of fuel at a time and this is perfect for keeping fresh gas in my chainsaws . The ethanol in gas attracts moisture and that moisture also breaks down the gasoline and destroys carburetors.I would suggest this can to anyone who wants a Great can to use for their power tools . Yes it is a little difficult to use , but that is how the safety aspect of the can works.Get used to it and it may save your life some day or someone you love .
 Eagle UI-10-FS Red Galvanized Steel Type I Gasoline Safety Can with Funnel , 1 gallon Capacity , 8 '' Height , 9 '' Diameter.use for 2 cycle engine tools
 Excellent product . Holds gasoline fumes even on a hot day and safely dispenses gasoline thru attached plastic funnel . Funnel easily removed to fill can at gasoline station . Does n't spill gasoline and contains fumes -LRB- when closed -RRB- and by goodness dispenses fuel easily !
 we needed so many of these during and after sandy for the generators ... plastic ones are awful and leak like crazy . . this product is so secure it doesnt leak at all ... dont leave them outside , people steal them they are so good ... we lost 2
 I really like this diesel can . I thought I must be crazy for paying so much for a fuel can but it has been worth it . I have never spilled fuel and , when I transport it in my Tahoe , I ca n't smell it at all . I see the complaint about the plastic handle but I think it seems pretty tough . I do n't anticipate any problems . As far as cleaning it ... what ? ... cleaning the handle on a fuel can ? Not worried about that , either .
 I &#8217; m removing a star just because they used a plastic spout handle . I don &#8217; t much care for anything plastic . Other than that it &#8217; s great and I like it . I have only used it about four times but it &#8217; s decent.Round bottom design makes for a sturdy platform when driving with it .
 Plastic cans are terrible . Eagle brand metal cans just ca n't be beat and they 're been around forever . Really like this purchase .
 These cans are great , we use these for are mixed gas because they are just the right size for 2 cycle mix .
 This is a very solid can with the funnel which makes pouring near flawless . The funnel attaches to the spout so you can insert it before releasing the fuel . This was best price I could find and was delivered quickly and free .
 These fuel cans do a wonderful job , and you do not have to worry about them cracking open and gasoline going all over your storage area .
 My husband is very pleased with this gasoline can . It is the perfect size to store gasolineused in the lawn mower or snow blower . It makes a great Christmas gift .
 While I agree that the plastic handle with grooves is a bit of a downer , this can is solidly build and should serve me for any years to come .
 These containers are strong , stable , do n't leak , and best of all they last . I have 20 of these . The first ones I purchased in 1977 , the most recent , 2012 . The design has remained pretty much the same except for the release handle . The older ones had a metal handle that worked fine , but would stick to your skin in sub-zero weather . Painful . The Newer plastic handle is tough at all temperatures -LRB- I live in the white mountains of NH -RRB- and easy on the hands when you pull on it at 20 below zero.Haven ' t had a problem with one yet .
 I recieved it in a timely manner and used it to put fuel in equipment . The funnel fit perfectly and made pouring the fuel without spilling . Great product .
 Forget the other `` safety '' gas cans ! After one of those `` safety '' cans splashed gas all over me , I bought this . It may be a little more , but you get what you pay for . You will never buy another can in your life !!
 Much better than those cheap plastic cans on the market . It allows you to control the flow of gasoline so you do not spill it . Well worth the extra cost for safety alone . The funnel puts the gasoline where you need it .
 Purchased this item along with Eagle FD-25 12 '' Flex Spout , 9 '' Length , 9 '' Width , and learned that I ca n't use them together.I gave it a 5 rating because ... Eagle is still made in USA and Justrite brand has a reputation for leaking through the hose and making a mess.Can not return because it is for use with a hazardous substance . -LRB- It is still in original wrap , never used -RRB- Will be shopping for the 5 gallon version WITH hose .
 I could never get those plastic safety cans to work well . Gasoline would go everywhere except in the gas tank ... This metal can is a little more expensive , but the design is simple and it works well -- seems like it should last forever . To fill it , you pull the top lever/handle and remove the plastic funnel.The only issue is that the paint is chipping a little on the bottom , and that 's the reason for the 4 star rating . I do n't think this is a big deal and should deter anyone from buying it , but just be aware .
 i got so sick of those stupid plastic `` non spill '' cans that have caused me to spill more gas than ever before i started looking around and found these . simply amazing , made here in u.s.a. , solid build , no spills and affordable , consider this , if you spill two gallons of gas in the life of a cheap plastic can at $ 4 a gallon you 've almost made up the price difference , it 's a no brainer . now i just need to buy about 6 more of them .
 I am sick of all of the junk that is on the market these days when it comes to cans and safety standards . The plastic mechanisms crack , they spill and are FAR from safe . These Safety cans have been great . Will never buy a plastic piece of junk again . I have replaced all of my cans with these now and have the 2 and 5 gallon cans .
 I love this can . It 's not impossible to spill , but you really have to work at it . The can itself is sturdy and the lid truly tight . The funnel , though , is the real highlight of this product . The way it is attached to the can means you do n't need a third hand to hold the funnel while the other two are manipulating the can . I now own two of these cans and plan to buy at least one for gasoline for my other gas powered machines .
 Buying items locally is a major reason to purchase from Amazon.com as everyone knows ! That said , when you can save on a quality item and cost its ' easier on the pocketbook.I tried to purchase a good quality gas can such as this at NAPA Auto Parts and it was priced at $ 78 . Buying a plastic gas can always causes spills because of design and cheap parts . So buying this item at Amazon saved on the original price and no shipping is always a plus.No frills -- no spills , I 'm Happy !!
 After purchasing 2 plastic gas cans in two years , I finally bought a true quality item.Expensive yes , but this can will be around for my son to inherit . The same goes for the 1 gallon can .
 Very happy with these cans . Solid and easy to handle . Very happy with Amazon customer service . First order arrived with crushed boxes -LRB- and side of cans -RRB- . Amazon , without hesitation , sent out two replacement cans . Have only owned less than a year , but feel so solid , I doubt I 'll ever need to replace.ADDENDUM -LRB- 15 OCT 12 -RRB-
 I purchased two of these cans . I have only used the Eagle 5 gallon cans twice . No problems . You do need to squeeze the metal handle to open the can lid . It is not a screw on metal lid , but instead , a metal flap type lid . It seals just fine and the plastic funnel works great . The funnel makes a good seal and I had no leaking when pouring fluid into the tractor . A special note
 I own 4 Justrite gas cans and 1 Justrite Diesel . The Eagle works just as well and is cheaper . I still use all of them with the Justrite flex funnel part # 14411 not the plastic funnel .
 Eagle gas cans - whether you 're looking at the 2 or 5 gallon version are the only way to go . The funnel stays attached -LRB- although it can be removed to refill -RRB- for easy fueling of any equipment . They are easily cleaned and the large metal and plastic handles give you a great surface to hold onto while fueling . Invest in an Eagle gas can . It will be the last gas can you ever buy .
 This is definitely worth the money and far superior to any plastic can I 've used recently . It 's a bit awkward to fully empty the can -LRB- hence the 1 star deduction -RRB- , as you have to basically twist it about 180 degrees to get the can completely empty , BUT it 's far better than any plastic can .
 I ca n't stand the ` environmentally friendly ' plastic cans that are in the home improvement stores with the plastic spill proof spouts . My opinion is they create spills . This can never rolls over in the car and the funnel style spout pours consistently . The lever action opener works perfectly to stop the flow when you want it to . I have the 5 gallon and the 2 gallon -LRB- for mixed gas -RRB- .
 I will say that it is much better than even the no spill plastics that I used to have but it is not perfect . If I had to do it again I would spend a little more and get a Type 2 can . With this can you still have to pour the correct way or you will get some gas the leaks from where the funnel and the can attach . I have found that it mainly only happens when you tip the can up and back multiple times in a row , so it is not a huge deal , but it is annoying.Besides that the can seems very sturdy , it sits well in the back of a truck , it is the perfect size for my generator and lawnmower and if you read the instructions and release the pressure from the can before use -LRB- away from you -RRB- it performs very well.The leaking issue is kind of a big one for me , but it can be worked around and the build of the can is rock solid so overall this still gets 4 stars .
 In this case I am tired of lugging 5 gallon cans so settled on the 2 gallon , metal can , to fill my jet ski . Hopefully no spills .
 The can itself is well made and the lid closed as intended . However , when the funnel is attached , gasoline leaks a little from the connected area . It is still far better than plastic cans .
 These are top quality and worked as expected , I have used this brand for over 30 years and they still deliver
 This is not one of those lousy crappy plastic cans that break easily and leak gasoline fumes no matter what . This thing is built tough and its only the low end version built buy the company . I am NEVER buying the cheap plastic ones again , this metal beast will last me for a very long time and is well worth the extra dollars .
 The can is fine . Heavy duty with a spring loaded cap that closes completely keeping fumes from escaping . The funnel used to pour leaves something to be desired . It leaks around the mouth so you have to be careful when pouring gas .
 I considered the 15 gallon portable auxillary can to carry in the back of the truck and decided that weight and portablilty were a factor in my needs . I have been using three of these cans in the past for regular gas , gas/oil mix , and diesel for specific equipment needs . I decided to go with the proven product and buy two more to carry in the truck .
 Priced it several places local and on the net and could not beat the price anywhere . Very fast ship and great packaging .
 I purchased this gas can to replace one from a big box store . I was getting tired of the nozzle on that , it was difficult to work . That would always stick , then the gas would come rushing out and splash everywhere , that 's when the nozzle worked . I have the Eagle Type 2 can in the five gallon flavor for my regular gas needs -LRB- lawnmower , snowblower , chipper vac -RRB- . I wanted another Type 2 in the smaller two gallon size for my 2 stroke gasoline needs , but that was as much as the five gallon I had just purchased!So I picked up this Type 1 . Some people in these reviews have complained about the funnel on this one . The directions are printed on the side of the Eagle factory box that this comes packed in . You simply pull the handle to lift the gas cap , which is spring loaded . Then twist the funnel on and pour . You can leave the funnel on until you need to refill the gas can , at which time you do the same thing , pull the spring loaded handle , which opens the cap , and twist the funnel out . It takes some minor effort and practice , but it 's really nothing to get frustrated about . I noticed that the lawnmower crews that work for my city use the same gas can , so it must be good.The best part of all is that it is made of steel and it 's made in the USA . No cheap , foreign made , plastic crap . I 'm just waiting for my Tanaka 2 stroke oil to arrive via Amazon and I 'll mix up some 2 stroke gasoline and test the pouring capabilities . I 'm positive my spilled gasoline days are over now with both Eagle gas cans picking up the slack of the imported cans .
 These cans are 10,000 times better and safer than the craptastic plastic cans with the `` spill proof EPA spout '' that makes it impossible not to spill gas everyplace . You can actually carry them in your car and not stink up the car too!That said , they will spray gas all over the place if you do n't VENT THE CAN while it is still flat . The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the funnel setup will spray/spill a tiny amount of gas anyway if you are not very very precise with opening the can . Much better than the plastic ones , but I wonder if that issue could be solved .
 I was looking for a diesel fuel can since I 've now resorted to buying diesel at the pump and dumping it in my home fuel tank for my furnance . I saw this can and I read the other reviews . They make it for gas as well as for diesel . It 's a lot more than you would pay for a typical gas can but worth it . It 's well made and it does n't spill when transported . When you pour the diesel -LRB- or gas -RRB- , the cleverly designed funnel attaches to the can like collar so fuel ca n't leak . Make sure you push the collar all the way down on the neck . On my first attempt I did n't have the collar seated snuggly and some fuel leaked out . The spring-loaded top allows you stop the flow instantly if necessary . I wish the funnel had a bit more bend to it so all the contents could flow out easier when you get to the bottom . I 'm thinking about buying the gas version as well . Highly reccommended and I do n't write these reviews too often
 This can has a good seal , and is a pleasure to take in your car to the gas station , w/o smelling fuel vapors , or spills . Just make sure you press the funnel down , so that it gets a good seal with the can , and pull the lever back slightly -LRB- with the can flat -RRB- to relieve pressure prior to dispensing fuel ; otherwise fuel squirts all over the place . Much better than plastic containers . Also , got the one gallon can for 2 cycle mixture .
 As soon as you see this can you know it is the absolute best that money can buy . Well made , thick gauge steel , nice enamel finish , and welded on handle are a few of the features that set this apart from the cheaper ones . This can is going to outlive me by a long shot . Made in U.S.A. ... you can tell !!
 Got this for my son after purchasing a 5 gal for myself a while back . These are made well and gives you piece of mind when leaving this in the garage . Plastic funnel a little hard to get off at first but you have look at it and think of how to get it off . Use your brain .
 Forget those spill-proof plastic containers . This one is a little costly , but I plan on using it for many years to come . And unlike the `` spill-proof '' ones , I do n't lose any fuel on the ground .
 The gas can will probably out-last me . I have three I use them all the time . The funnel is another matter , it 's shoddy and they only last about a year . So I buy funnels way too often . Sure wish they would improve the UV resistance of the plastic .
 This is a very nice well made gas can , it is not some cheap disposable type that just goes to the landfill after a few years . This should last a lifetime , does not spill any fuel , and contrary to what others have said about the funnel , it is very easy to remove and install , takes about 3 seconds . You do have to remove funnel to put in fresh fuel and re install funnel , its a snap to do , anyone with common sense can do this . Like the 1 gal . so much I bought the 5 and 2 gallon also . Made in USA .
 i think overall it 's a excellent gas can . -LRB- i have some piddly inconsequential dissatisfactions though , i 'm a sculptor so it 's visual attributes are important to me , i wish they 'd have a prettier handle , though i can understand how a manufacturer needs to keep costs down . i wish the pull handle would 've been made out of steel instead of the injection molded plastic . i can see this can lasting longer than i 'm alive and/but the part that 's going to fail first will be the injection molded plastic pull handle -LRB- and by that time it 'll be impossible to get a replacement part . -RRB- other than that so far i love it . beautiful can . seems worth teh money . -LRB- i know my concerns are ridiculous , i like the can , only things i could change if i could are the things i 've listed . -RRB-
 8 feet of fencing -LRB- about 9-10 inches high when it is in the ground -RRB- . The fence looks great , and you ca n't beat the price . It is a bit flimsy and awkward at the joints -LRB- I broke one while trying to install it , but it still looks OK -RRB- .
 I used this mainly for my < 1 year old plants , which arguably did n't need training at all . I mainly used this to arrange my plants -LRB- in my seedling started case -RRB- so everyone had enough light.After about a year you 'll want a bigger gauge -LRB- I went with 2.5 mm -RRB- . All that being said , this wire is quite good . Cuts easily , easy to work with , and gets the job done . Also , unless you have hundreds of plants , 500 grams of this is plenty -LRB- I still have 70 % of my roll after working with ~ 30 plants -RRB- .
 These foams fit my underwater filters perfectly and work great . I have been using them for some years now and never had a problem . They filter dirt very well and even mud .
 This adorable little half-dog has really given our garden personality . We are so glad we found this ! All of my neighbors have commented how unique it is . They had no idea such a garden decoration even existed . If you are looking for something to add character to your garden , do n't hesitate to purchase this . We are extremely pleased with the product . Other websites sell similar products , however the pricing is substantially higher and/or the item needs to be shipped from the United Kingdom.This little half-Westie is virtually life-sized , and the texture on it is very realistic . Quality is excellent . A fun conversation piece at a great price !
 Packed well , arrived quick but a bit smaller than expected to put in the garden . If you have a smaller area it would be great .
 Looks like my little Maltipoo . Everyone that comes to our home thinks it is her digging in my flowerbed . Great conversation piece
 Looks funny in the garden . Devoted westie lovers need this for their flower beds . Cute , sturdy , no discoloration from rain .
 Item was exactly as described ! I am constantly receiving compliments from ourneighbors on how cute it looks on the front lawn .
 I love this dog digging in my Garden . Received many comments from neighbors and it looks so real ... . Received it fast and well packed and it is a big part of my animal statues , I highly recommend it
 this is exactly as it looks in the picture . put it in my yard and it appears as though our terrier is digging in the dirt . very realistic . our dog began barking at it when she first saw it .
 We have 2 Westies so when I saw the Digging Dog on Amazon I HAD to have it . It is so lifelike , cute as can be . I have great fun when company comes , by going on the porch and telling them that Molly -LRB- my female Westie -RRB- has gotten out and I ca n't find her . Of , course , they all look around and spot the Digging Dog and at first think it is Molly . We all get a good laugh . I 'm sure you will enjoy it if you love Westies like we do !!!!!
 It looks just like the picture displays . Its great size . Looks hilarious in the yard . My mom loved it .
 This mat is pretty much what I expected , although the weave is more open than is evident in the product picture . However , for my purposes , that 's a plus.I bought this to line the bottom of a large nest box I made for my chickens . It 's angled so the eggs will roll out of the main compartment into a smaller section , keeping them from getting stepped on and broken . I needed something to cushion the eggs as they drop from the hens , but would let dirt fall through so the eggs would stay clean . So , it 's working well in that application except for one thing - the squares are large enough to keep the eggs from rolling to the back section . It cushions well and is easy to clean , so I 'm still using it . It 's also holding up well under the daily chicken-scratching traffic it has to endure.Since my 26 chickens have n't been able to scratch it into oblivion after a month of use , I think it would last well under human foot traffic . It 's stiff and holds its shape . It 's very easy to clean . I just hose off the dirt and let it dry.Since I have n't actually used it as a door mat , I do n't know how well it would work for wiping dirt off shoes , because it does n't seem like it 's rough or brushy enough to clean inside the treads . I also do n't think it would work for wiping wet shoes because it 's not an absorbent material .
 I looked all over to find a replacement blade for a 30 '' bow saw that was my grandfather 's , Home Depot , Lowe 's , etc. . Nobody had anything bigger than a 20 '' blade . Finally found this online , including shipping it was less than $ 8 . Fits perfectly , very sharp , I am well pleased .
 Seems as good as the original blade , plus you get two!twelve , thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , eighteen , nineteen , twenty .
 What a wonderfully priced pool ! Comes with pump with one filter -LRB- you will need to buy additional ones and you should change your filter every two weeks -RRB- and pool cover too !!! That was a great bonus ! I set the pool up by myself and had no problems at all . It took about an hour to get the frame , pump and liner adjusted , and then I just filled it with water ! Wow , we 're quite impressed!We have a little pitch in our yard , but the pool is standing beautifully . I purchased black gym tiles here on amazon to line our concrete backyard as a base . A wonderful addition if you have concrete yards like us . Makes a nice cushy bottom for the pool , and we do n't have to worry about concrete poking holes in the pool!Sure the price is right , but keep in mind that you need to buy lots of chemicals and pool cleaning accessories to keep yours up and running . This is my first pool and so far so good - learning to get the water levels just right will take time , but I am happily learning.I recommend this pool highly . We have two little children and this size is perfect for them , as well as Mommy and Daddy ! When I sit in the pool , the water level hits my chin . That is a perfect height to get me through the NY summers . I plan on carefully packing this pool away after the summer -LRB- and scrubbing and drying my foam tiles -RRB- and I hope to get at least two-three more summers out of it ... then we will step up to the bigger Intex pool !
 I spent weeks searching for an appropriate pool for my 11yro step-son 's b-day . I was really concerned about purchasing something that would be unsafe , a pain to set up , require a lot of maintenance , or cost a fortune . I had to take into account a 4 year old that is just learning to swim , our not completely level yard , our LARGE lab , durability , and cost . We have had this pool for several weeks now and it is phenomenal . I was so worried about getting something that would be too small , too big , cheap , or would n't work on level ground . Based on the other reviews , I decided to go with this pool . As previously mentioned , this pool is very forgiving . There is about a 2 '' difference from one side to the other in water level which has not caused us any problems at all . My boys are rowdy and this pool is showing absolutely no signs of wear . This pool is big enough for me and the two kids to swim in at the same time with room to spare . All we did for set up was mow down a portion of the lawn , lay down a tarp -LRB- which I would recommend -RRB- and follow the set up directions . Easy ! The pool was ready for swimming in a few hours . Everything you need is included - -LRB- besides the tarp & chemicals obviously -RRB- pool , frame , filter pump , hoses , filter AND cover which I was surprised to find in the box . I bought one extra box of filters for a few dollars and have just rinsed , dried and re-used as suggested by another person . We also put a small bucket of water outside of the pool to clean feet before entering , as suggested by someone else . We 've used this pool far more than anticipated and have really enjoyed it . This pool takes VERY LITTLE maintenance . Great price for this pool . Remember to set the pool up within 20 feet of an outlet so you can plug in the filter.POSITIVES
 This was the best purchase for the summer I could ever have imagined ! The setup is easy , and by adding a saltwater system , I have created a resort in my back yard . This is perfect for a hot summer .
 We received the wrong pool from the manufacturer . We sent it back ; in the interim found a lower price at Target -LRB- which was even better without the shipping costs on top of that ! -RRB- Perfect size for our young kids -LRB- 5 yo , 10 yo -RRB- . They love it . Seems to be holding up quite well ; it 's easy to maintain , especially if you get a small pool vacuum -- easily found at stores like Walmart .
 Got 1 yard of sand and leveled the yard area . Put down tapr . Read instructions -LRB- twice -RRB- . Laid out all parts . A friend came over and in LESS than one hour we were putting water in pool . Very good product for the price . Even though it is only 10 foot diameter , my grandson and I really enjoy it . Perfect size for child under 8 and adults too .
 First , I bought this pool for myself . I am 65 and love to do laps . Naturally swimming in circles is not the answer.However , I tied a rope to a tree . Made a loop for around my waist and could swim in place for an hour.Once you get going , your strokes get the water going in two swirls . I really enjoyed it.The solar blanket kept the pool from cooling off in the evenings.Then I got a foster child . We would swim together and my neighbor said that they really enjoyed the peals of laughter.The 6 year old learned to swim in that thing . When we went to a friend 's house with an inground , she was swimming there!So children as well as adults can really enjoy the pool.When I broke my leg , I knew I had to work it to repair it . I got in that pool using crutches asap!Well worth the money . Oh , I put salt in it , but found that it really needed a cup of bleach every evening as well.Those endless pools for thousands are a waste . This does the trick .
 This pool is awesome ! For me and my wife the size is excellent . We realized when we had a tremendous in ground pool we would mostly stay in the shallow side and lounge and read anyway . So this was perfect , well made and EASY maintenance . Installation was a breeze -LRB- as long as you have an even space for it ... trust me , follow that part of it -RRB- . If you have kids and it is only for them then fine ... but if you plan on going in there with them get something bigger since kids need crazy room.It has been and is perfect for us and makes us want to be outside now in the 95 + degree SC Summers . Highly recommend .
 The pool is great . It comes with a special kit in case you get a small tear in the pool , and as long as you change the filter an use a few chemicals the water is maintained at a good level
 This pool is easy to set up , just the right height for my two year old to stand in and large enough for my wife and I to be in the pool with him . We have not had the pool very long but we have used it a few times and find it to be great : - -RRB-
 I have a Brinkman Pro Series2500 and these were perfect replacements . The quality seems good . I used the grill a few times since and no problems !
 A perfect fit . Looked exactly like the original and installed in seconds . I checked at several web sites and got the BEST PRICE here . Delivery was quick , was able to grill out on the weekend .
 I recently was given a free grill . All I needed was to purchase this item so I could use the grill and it fit perfectly and seems to work well .
 We had a BBQ coming up and realized we needed to replace the heat plates in our gas grill , on short notice . After trying to find them locally with no success I got on Amazon and found them with no problem.These heat plates are heavy duty and should last quite a long time . Our only issue was the cost and packaging . Our BBQ takes 3 plates but they only come 2 to a package and are a bit pricey . We have 1 left so if we have to replace them again , have to spend the $ $ to purchase another 2 pack .
 The only reason I gave these a 4 rather than a 5 is because I will have to alter the gutter to hang them securely . I do n't know that I would n't have bought these had I known that , but I do wish they had been more specific on what was required on the gutter . It says : `` Each unit comes with an attachment piece and is very easy to be installed into your existing gutter system . '' I have to remove an end cap and drill holes for mounting ... not difficult , just not `` real easy '' . These are so beautiful though that I have no regrets !
 I got this for my wife several months ago and she loves it . It was a snap to install and is gorgeous during a rain storm . It takes about three seconds for water to make its way from top to bottom . We have n't had any trouble with it clogging .
 The ice has cascaded down these cups , leaving a beautiful icicle . They do sound nice when it rains if you 're out on a porch or close enough to hear it , and they are much more attractive than gutter downspouts . It 's easy to assemble -LRB- I would recommend also getting the reducer/adapter , which makes it even easier - the adapter sits in the gutter where the downspout was , and a simple `` hanger-like '' object , which is included , goes into that . I have mine emptying into a rain barrel than was formerly a wine cask -LRB- the two are the ultimate in purchases of things you can live without , but I like seeing them both , in contrast to the very functional , new , large sized downspout in back -LRB- which never spills over or blows where it should n't , which this can do if it 's windy -RRB- , but which is very ... functional ... . and boring , in contrast to fun , pretty , and a return to an ancient way of dealing with rain on the roof.Copper Rain Chain Lotus Lily Flower
 I purchased this item as a gift for my wife . It was easy to install and she has enjoyed watching the rain descend . I have purchased a second one and replaced both my front downspouts with the chains . Only issue I had was not really with the product itself-I have a high roof line and needed to find an extension for the chain which was difficult . I ended up purchasing an extra chain as it was on sale for almost the same price as the extension to get the extra length I needed . The one extension I found had a different name so I was not sure it was the same style despite a close appearance .
 Love it . Put it up right away . That afternoon it rained . It looks great and works great .
 The rain chain solved a problem with a 30-year-old rain gutter that was beginning to sag and dump on folks coming to the front door . It is also an attractive addition to the front of the house .
 Very pretty when it rains . Collect water in a barrel below to use the rain water later . Did n't purchase the `` bowl '' for bottom , but may consider it in the future .
 I love the new look of the rain chains . In fifteen minutes the front of my house looked unique and beautiful . I got lots of compliments from people walking past the house and from neighbors .
 Bought this for my son at Christmas . He loves the unique look and it is a conversation piece when friends come over . He said it was especially neat looking when all the cups and chain were frozen during the snow storm we had recently . Love shopping at Amazon - fast shipping and no problems on returns .
 I purchased this gardening tool set as a holiday gift for mother who is constantly tinkering in her garden . She absolutely loves it . She is an extremely picky person but she gives it two `` green thumbs up ! ''
 You never know when you buy these sorts of things , what the quality will be like . These are extremely strong and durable . The tote is nice and tightly woven . I 've really been very happy with this purchase .
 My husband needed to replace the heat plates in his bar-b-gue and these where exactly what he needed . We are so happy with this purchase .
 These stainless steel heat shields fit like a glove in my Thermos BBQ . I am not certain , but I do not believe the original 19 year old heat shields were SS . It is very important to measure your existing heat shields and find exact replacements , which may be difficult since not all seller 's note measurements . I used the model numbers found on Lowe 's web site -LRB- that did not have measurements -RRB- to search on Amazon for units -LRB- with measurements -RRB- that fit my BBQ . Since they all look alike for each mfg. , it is impossible to differentiate w/o the exact dimensions . Again , these units are well made , perfectly straight pressings that match the originals exactly . Although , you must allow for some heat shrinkage and distortion when measuring your old units for replacements . I also saved $ 20.00 over the Lowe 's price , not including sales tax and shipping .
 The price is right and these are quality stakes , however the green coloring does come off onto your hands as you use them .
 These are bamboo stakes ... nothing fancy , and the green runs off ... but I did n't buy them for the color . I think it is a good purchase and exactly what I needed .
 These were exactly what I was looking for to stake up my young willow trees . They 're not super super strong , but good enough and great for the price !
 this bamboo bundle is perfect for framing a Scrog and for hanging stuff from a grow tent frame . get some !
 My house almost caught fire while I was on vacation.I had too many electrical appliances on one circuit . luckily , my best bud stopped over to feed my cats & saw the house was full of smoke.He carefully looked for the source & saw a plug smoking which burst into flame as he watched.He unplugged the source cord , opened the windows and saved my home from burning down.I thought the fuse on the power cord would protect me ... WRONG ! With this tester I have kept the amps down to a safe level on each of my outlets ... This tester should be in everyone 's home ... IT REALLY WORKS ! Very simple to use.I give it 5 stars !
 Excellent product , simple to use and it does what it 's supposed to . Found several items using too much electricity while they were off and now they are on a power strip and truly off.Definitely recommend this product .
 I just got this item a few days ago and it seems to be working well , as advertised . I plan on getting a generator soon and I wanted this load tester so I can determine how many watts I need . The refresh rate is very fast and the numbers constantly change . Another poster stated that the amps does not have a decimal . That is incorrect . My unit does have a decimal for amps . My only concern is that wattage posted on the display is a little different from the manufacturers numbers . Not sure who is correct . Over all good investment .
 Excellent product . Does exactly what it is advertised to do.Measures wattage or amperage with a simple click of a switch.Very handy for measuring appliance loads for an RV.GJM
 I do n't normaly set time to do a review but this product is just a must for people that are trying to use a portable generator properly . The digital readout is clear and quite accurate as specifified by manufacturer 's specification sheet . This load tester is well worth the price as compared to other Load testers on the market that can cost up to $ 150.00 . Also for all you that are trying to conserve energy , this device can show how much all your appliances and electronic equiptment draws power while on standby mode . Be informed and stop wasting money and watts !
 I read all the reviews for this product and I felt pretty comfortable purchasing this item and that it would do as I wanted it to and was described to do . Before I purchased it though I talked to an electrician friend to find out what he uses on the job ... well although I believe in buying brand name which usually cost a little more , the tester he uses was way out of the ballpark as far as price was concerned . So I bought this one , more for making sure I was n't overloading a generator , but also to find items that were using electricity even though they were turned off.I was surprised to find out just how many things actually still use electricity even though they were off and there were no visible lights indicating they were on or plugged in , for instance all four of the DVD player in my house use 5 watts each just to be plugged in , something my electric company calls `` Phantom Usage '' . To have a cell phone charger plugged into the wall but not into the phone , they say is costing me $ 1.00 per/mth without actually charging the phone , the same holds true with other like items that use A/C Adapters . The most surprising saver came after I had a Home Energy Audit , when the home inspector told me it was cheaper to run the old tube tv 's than it would be to upgrade to flat screen tv 's ... There suppose to recommend ways for people to save electricity and what updates would benefit the house . After buying this tester I tested the old tv 's using 300 watts , the new flat screens only 46 watts just as it says on the TV box . I 've upgraded all 4 tv 's and immediately notices a $ 150.00 drop in my electric bill.Back to the main reason I bought it ... I found out that I could power my entire house off my generator without fear of over taxing it at all -LRB- minus cooking and laundry -RRB- , I guess that is why it only used 12gal a day for the week that I was without electricity from the pole.Pro 's ... Save electricity unplugging phantom usageSave Money on your electric billSave on the cost over other like devicesFind out just what your spending to run that extra frig . or other , and ask yourself if it 's really worth itFind out if what an Auditor tells you is actually trueFind out just what you can and can not put on your generator , or at least run at the same time.Find out if your over taxing your circuit breaker -LRB- s -RRB- Prevent possible fires or having to run in the basement to keep flipping the breaker overFind out if you are over taxing your breaker or if the breaker is just bad.Con 's ... You have to do the work of actually testing everything and keep a log to refer back to at any time -LRB- a small price to pay -RRB- . I would highly recommend this to everyone.Oh , and the buying and shipping process was fast and easy also :-RRB- -- Eric
 This works as advertised . I bought this to test the amps and watts of items that I planned on hooking to a generator . There are better watt/amp load testers available , but none are as easy to use as this . If you are not very experienced with electricity , but still need to find the amperage -LRB- or wattage -RRB- , then this is for you . You simply plug this in the wall and the appliance into the plug on the back of the unit -LRB- you cant see it in the picture but its there -RRB- . Then just take the reading , its that simple .
 This device is the quickest and easiest way to measure how much power your appliances consume . If you are purchasing a generator , you need to know the acceptable load . Some things I learned include my refrigerator and chest freezer consumed less power than I thought . The big power buster was Mr Coffee , which I did not expect . Computers and TVs will run on generator as long as the load is correctly calculated . You plug this device in the wall , and plug the other end in the appliance , and after the unit under measurement cycles a couple of times you can determine and write down the power it consumes . It will show the highest power consumed over the appliance cycle and retain the reading in amperes or watts until you unplug it.So if you are buying an emergency generator , go around and record the power off all your necessary appliances , and buy a generator that can handle that number plus 30 % more and you will be okay.If you are looking at that old refrigerator you may find that you can save some money by replacing it and using far less power . You may also find you are wasting a lot of power by leaving those computers and peripherals on instead of shutting them down .
 For the most part I am very satisfied with the meter . I wish I had something I could test it with to verify its accuracy . A supposedly 1500 watt microwave tested at just under 1700 . My new George Foreman grill -LRB- 760 watts -RRB- tested at 730 . I replaced almost all my lighting in my house with the new energy efficient bulbs . A bulb equivalent to a 100 watt incandescent bulb that supposedly uses about 30 watts tested at 85 -LRB- a real bummer for me as I spent quite a bit to replace so many incandescents -RRB- . A 60 watt incandescent tested at 59 . I 'm of the opinion it is an accurate meter , that 's why 4 stars . A way to verify it would really boost my opinion of it .
 This appears to be a very durable ammeter , that 's why I purchased it instead of the `` Kill-a-watt '' , but forget checking those small transformers -LRB- wall-warts -RRB- or other very low current appliances . This seems to be unreliable somewhere around 20 watts or less , which was a disappointment in checking out so many of these types of devices around the home . Obviously , it also does not have the capability of checking usage over time like the Kill-a-watt , but you should know that going in on this deal . Overall , this tester appears to do what it advertises , very well .
 Very handy to have when checking/testing load on individual components . Works well for testing capability of portable generators . Very easy to use .
 When sizing for a generator or an inverter you need to know not just the wattage used but the peak or surge watts used . Some items like air conditioners and refrigerators and lots of others will draw a lot of power when they first start up , then quickly settle down and use less while they run . Your power source has to be able to handle the peak usage which can be 2 or 3 or more times the normal running usage . If you want to power several such items , your power source has to be able to handle the peak usage for * all * of them since eventually they all may coincidentally crank up at once.I have a massive , ancient vacuum cleaner that is a great example of this . When I fire it up , the lights in the room dim slightly for a few seconds , then return to normal . That 's the surge draw of that old vacuum starting up.Anyway , this little goodie lets you see the watts -LRB- or amps -RRB- being drawn by an appliance . However , it shows you the watts drawn in real time which does n't tell you the peak which is what you need to generator/inverter sizing . When you 're ready to check out the peak watts of the item you 're testing , sit and watch the display carefully and make a note of the highest value shown as the item is starting . Even if the wattage drops substantially after that , the high -LRB- peak or surge -RRB- wattage is what you need to be able to support . If you just look at the display after the item has passed its startup surge , you 're looking at the lower , normal draw . So pay attention and you 'll find this to be very handy . It can either tell you that you need to spend more on your power source or replace some particularly power hungry older item -LRB- like my vacuum -RRB- .
 Bought this product to investigate my needs for an emergency generator . It 's not really a fancy product ... It serves it 's purpose
 We live in a Tropical Zone in Houston , hurricanes , tropical storms . In order to purchase a generator which would power what we needed . Many things I tried surprised me at the wattage and amps being used . Needless to say , I was somewhat surprised at most everything using electricity , needlessly . 110v which convert to DC power for many electronics today , notably Laptops , phone charges ... ect . Each one may not seem like much -LRB- with some exceptions -RRB- will add up . Most never think about transformers , of course some items such as televisions , are better plugged in for standby power to come on quicker , unless you are in a power outages.Simply plug the Tester into a standard 110v AC outlet , then plug your electrical device into the back side of the Load Tester , if it draws any noticeable power , it will show on the meter , then turn on the appliance to see how much wattage it is using , to see the amperage , there is a slid switch on the side for amps and wattage . I keep a chart of how much watts for each device for future use , and if I need to plug something in , I can then decide what I am not using .
 I have a 34 ft Travel Trailer and a new Yamaha Generator . This device hooked up between my trailer and Generator gave me valuable information . We used more power than I had anticipated and kept overloading generator . We learned what to turn off and how to manage our usage . Worth every cent ! Highly recommend it to RV owners . Well made and idiot proof ! Fun in the house as well . You have many power vampires costing you money , use this device , and get your investment back in just a few weeks !
 Just what I was looking for . Needed to go along with my home generator in checking wattagemy appliances use .
 Clear , bright display , Amps or Watts . Surprised to discover appliance data plates are rarely accurate . CFL -LRB- compact flourescent light - `` curly '' -RRB- bulbs are the biggest offenders , with most of them consuming 3-4 times their rated wattage . Essential affordable piece of equipment for generator loads , or just finding out how much electricity you 're really using . Very pleased !
 Works as designed and advertised . The wattage is calculated from the measured amps assuming a 120VAC source . If your service is not exactly 120VAC , there will be some small discrepancy . The directly measured amps are well within the rated 5 % -LRB- above 1 amp -RRB- specification . It is NOT to be confused with a high accuracy meter . It is an approximate measuring device . However , it 's close enough to gauge current usage of individual appliances on a breaker segment .
 The item works as described and was/is very helpful for testing the drain on my motor home generator !
 Awesome tool . Way easier to use than tongs or grilling forks or spatulas . Highly recommended if you are into grilling steaks . Good for chicken too .
 I had read that to turn steaks on a grill , a meat hook was the best way so when I saw this on Amazon , I bought it . It works just like its supposed to and makes turning steaks on the grill really easy . I did not realize how large it was and could have used a much smaller one but this does the trick . It looks big enough to turn a whole steer , well almost .
 The part fit perfectly and has met my expectations . Since it is SS it will far outlast the OEM part and the remaining life of the rest of the grill . The price was fair . I wish thermos had used SS in the OEM part .
 This is very frustrating . It seems as long as there are quality parts like this available I will never be able to justify a fancy new BBQ with more bells and whistles than I know what to do with . Based on the quality of these heat plates I suspect it will be more than 3 years again before a replacement BBQ or heat plates are required . I can not believe how with a little TLC this BBQ has lasted and now with these new plates I suspect I will get at least 20 years out of it . Great product and they fit perfectly .
 Bought three of the kits from a local farm store , and could NOT believe how many beetles these bags trap ! I am ordering these replacement bags right now ! We have had the traps up for only 2 days , and have already emptied them 2 times . They are easy to dump -LRB- be sure and put the beetles in another type of secure bag until they are all dead-I am using gallon ziploc-type bags -RRB- , UNLESS you let it get too full . Then you have to throw the entire bag away . Be sure and place the traps at least 30-50 feet away from your garden area .
 These are great traps that really work.Japanese beetle larva are the grubs that destroy your lawn.These traps kill the beetles and save your lawn .
 Very nice upgrade from umbrellas I 've purchased from local stores . The fabric seems sturdier , and the center pole and mechanism work smoothly and feel very solid .
 Very pretty deep red color but has started to fade slightly after only three months . Easy mechanism to open and close . Very sturdy in the wind so far
 The California Umbrella with Black Pole and Beige in color did not disappoint . It is made of a good quality material with a solid black , push button tilt/hold that works smoothly and looks good . It was packaged well and arrived without damage . I am very satisfied with this Umbrella .
 This product is great . Plenty of room for all your outside storage needs . The shelf looks like its attached and you can pull it out - well it comes completely out - its really a waste due to the amount of space the compartments have . I think its a great product , easy to put together and it does the job !
 The patio prep station was delivered before it was expected . The item is sturdy and durable .
 We recently purchased a spa . We needed something to keep the chemicals in and something to put next to the spa to place drinks on . This works perfectly !! I was able to assemble it in 30 minutes without any problems . Each piece is marked and the directions were simple .
 I found it easy to assemble and it meets my purpose . I will use it in conjunction with my Weber grill . I have been using it for a month and will be used year round .
 The finish on top is ugly . It looks very plasticky , so it may not fit into your environment very well . Overall the price is good for this unit .
 I purchased this prep station because I needed storage space next to my grill area on my deck . It is a perfect addition to my deck.Excellent buy !
 We were looking for some type of small storage cabinet to fit in a limited space right next to our BBQ . This worked out almost . I say almost only because a shelf in the bottom section would have been nice . We have worked out a way to hang all of the BBQ utensils in the bottom , as well as store items we need for the BBQ . It was easy to put together , the doors stay latched like they are supposed to . The ony other thing we realized was we could n't put something hot on the top . We are happy with it , especially since it was n't really designed as a BBQ side table .
 I was terrified after reading all the reviews mentioning warped panels and nightmarish assembly for this item -- so much so that I bought it from a brick-and-mortar retailer -LRB- rhymes with Mall Tart , same price as Amazon -RRB- just so I could return it if anything went wrong . But when it arrived , all the panels seemed fairly straight -LRB- with the exception of some very slight bowing on the back -RRB- , and everything went together like a breeze . Not sure whether I just got lucky , or whether the problematic batch of products has now worked its way through the system.With that said , it 's definitely not a perfect piece , especially with this hefty a pricetag . For one thing , the clasps for the doors -LRB- which I gather from an old review used to be magnetic -RRB- are now just little stick-out plastic tabs that catch behind the doorframe . On my station , one of these tabs latches so loosely that I can tell it 'll fail to engage at all after a bit of use ; another latches so tightly that I can see the plastic bending as I pull the door open , so I worry that it 'll ultimately end up chipping the doorframe . For a triple-digit item , that kind of crappy snap-closed construction seems poor to me . In addition , the `` faux-marble '' top , which is just a sticker heat-set into the brown plastic , was visibly crooked on two of the three top panels.This is a nice big cabinet with a ton of storage ; jury 's still out on how well it 'll keep out water , but I 'm hopeful . I just think that for over a hundred bucks it would n't have been unreasonable to expect some slightly better execution .
 I got this , along with the cooler , to have more space next to my BBQ . I was originally more excited about this piece than the cooler.Don ' t get me wrong . It is a nice piece to have , and will make BBQing much easier . Unfortunately , it is the same design as the cooler . The top is not securely locked in place , and the hole for the drain in the back for the cooler is there , with nothing to plug it up.It does have a ton of storage for dishes and such . Also an organizer tray.I just feel like Suncast did n't put the same quality of design into this item as the other items I have of theirs : -LRB-
 Went together in less than 20 minutes . No warped parts that I can see.Will serve its function . A little pricey , but I 'm happy .
 Looking for something to sit next to my grill and give me some protected storage for tools , etc. . Not ready to make the plunge to build or buy something truly nice , but this is serving well for the time being . I 've had it a couple months now and my only real complaint is the latching mechanisms for the doors , which is really the doors compressing past a plastic tab in the body . You tend to push/pull the whole cart around opening and closing the doors a little . Otherwise I 'm quite happy , does a good job keeping everything dry and provides some nice workspace as well . Fold down wings are nice.Assembly was a little tricky in getting the second side on , but was only a minor hassle .
 I purchased this prep station for my yard . It is the nicest prep table I have seen for the price . it is durable while still nice looking . Delivery was on time.I did have a problem that some parts were missing from the box but they were replaced free of charge from the merchant .
 I ordered this from Amazon and received in two days just in time for a family get together . It was very easy to put together and took about 10 minutes to complete . The cabinet is roomy and the storage tray holds alot . The fold down trays are sturdy and convenient . The Suncast deck items are surely made well and are moderately priced . With Amazon 's free shipping this item was a bargain .
 It is a great product for the price . The prep station has a good storage capacity and is easy to move around our deck because of the wheels . It was easy to put together too .
 This cart is handy to use anywhere - outside , craft room , garage . It is sturdy and easy to put together . It rolls nicely and the doors stay shut .
 The Suncast Prep Station is just what I had been looking for to use on my deck . I keep my outside dishes , silverware , and anything I use for barbequing in it . It is very sturdy , easy to move around , and has plenty of room to store items . The dropdown leaf counter top is a definite plus . I use it for preparing my bbq but would also be great to use for gardening . I love it . The free shipping was also great and it arrived within 3 days .
 It 's hard to believe , but this is the only piece of outdoor furniture of its kind that I could find . It complements a small grill perfectly . I store all of my grilling essentials and utensils in it and the top is more than enough space for preparing food . It has come in just as handy as I thought it would.That said , here are the caveats : Obviously , based on the reviews there seems to be a quality control problem with these units at Suncast . My unit did have 3 warped parts
 The product is very functional and attractive . It is great for our screened in room . It has a lot of space and has great/expandable top for placement of food and items . The putting together was a bit tough . The directions could be more expansive . I read that someone put it together in 10 mins . It took my wife and I 1 1/2 hours . We still can not get the larger cabinet to close tightly.It definitely does the job and appears to be the best on the market gvien the price . In summary a god product and of cause dealing with amazon is always so easy and convenient
 We 're big grillers and are always looking for additional space to prep and hold our dishes before they 're put on the grill . The caddy 's top surface area is perfect for holding all our items before , during and after cooking . The two drawers also hold all the grilling accessories and bags of charcoal . I would recommend storing the caddy in a covered area to promote long-term usage . Otherwise , a great investment .
 We bought this for our outdoor deck . It 's easy to put together and great for storing outdoor utensils . One word of advice ... . check to make sure that you receive all the parts PRIOR to starting to put it together . Once the parts click together it 's close to impossible to pull apart .
 We bought this to use in the backyard for our orchids.The side shelves are great for increasing the working area as well as being able to fold down when needed for storage.We like the wheels on the bottom and especially like the fact that 2 of the 4 wheels have the ability to lock.This item seems sturdy and was very simple to assemble .
 What a great prep station . It 's compact and easy to build . It looks great and it 's very functional . Only wish it had an adjustable shelf in the bottom . LOVE IT !
 This table was just what I needed to go next to my grill on the patio . Was n't looking for anything too expensive and this is easy to clean and extremely portable . Have always liked Suncast products . It is what it is for the price but works beautifully .
 I have only had this item for a couple of days but it is obvious that it is a well made product . It arrived on time and well packaged . Assembly was relatively easy and the pieces were well marked and sturdy . We are using it for our grill accessories and it already stood up well in a storm , everything on the inside stayed dry . Would definitely recommend this product .
 Bought this item as an extension for more area by the BBQ grill . It set up fast , and has 2 Locking wheels for stationary function , and also has 2 side leaves , that can drop as well . Neat idea for more area for prep station by the BBQ Grill to keep your side dishes , BBQ Sauces , Marinades , and store tools , and other outdoor table ware in the cabinet below .
 I , like others , would be satisfied with the top being just a plain Suncast finish . Time will tell how well it stands up under a direct sun for 4-5 hours per day . It does a good job of keeping contents dry as I have found no water inside after a rainfall . I use it primarily for Grill `` stuff '' storage rather than a prep station . It serves my purposes well .
 Amazon 's reviews are a brilliant marketing service . But , with so many responses varying from `` Greatest thing since sliced bread '' to `` a piece of junk , '' deep thinking and reading between the lines becomes essential . In regard to this Suncast Patio Serving Station , I needed a portable place near my grill in order to prepare pizzas . Rather than build one , I was greatly attracted by Suncast 's offering . But , some of the reviews claimed it was impossible to construct . Trying to balance the positive and negative reviews , I forged ahead and ordered this Patio Station . It arrived with no imperfections , but when i set about assembling it -- mindful of the terrible warnings of a few reviewers -- sure enough , at step one I could not force Door B 's hinge post into the bottom panel 's corner hole . Attempts at hammering did not work . I was just about to file down the hinge post when I took a more careful look at the assembly directions . `` DUMMY , '' I recoiled ; you 've got the bottom panel upside down . The picture clearly shows that the smooth -LRB- slightly textured -RRB- side faces right . It 's going to be facing up when this is finished . After that stupid mistake -- and do not second guess the instructions ; they are spot-on accurate -- I had no trouble in snapping this Station together . It is very cleverly designed ; a Lego-savvy 4th grader could put this baby together in a remarkably few minutes . I am now grilling with this station as my prep and serving center and is exactly what I have needed to turn out a perfect grilling -- especially pizza . I recommend this product with my highest rating .
 Unit arrived with no damage or missing parts . After a review of the instructions assembly took about 15 minutes.Be sure the lower door is properly positioned before snapping the shelf in place or you will have to unlock the shelf to fix it -LRB- pry lock tab from inside with a small screwdriver -RRB- The only tool needed is a wrench or pliers to tighten the handle nuts.It appears to be well made and is a clever design . An optional cover would be an asset to reduce sun damage.It will replace our 20 year old serving cart and fill the need for both storage and utility on our deck . In spite of any negative reviews , go buy it !
 The casters are a bit too small to use on the lawn but are just right for a hard surface . It went together just fine . In my opinion the direction could have been better written .
 THE CABINET IS A GREAT PLACE TO STORE PICNIC AND BARBECUING ITEMS . KEEPS EVERYTHING CLEAN AND WAY FROM WILDLIFE AND LITTLE FINGERS
 This is the perfect size and set up for a grill station . My husband loves it and uses it to store all of his grill supplies , like spices , plates , towels , and tools . It is not too big , so it does n't take up too much of our patio , but it 's large enough to hold a considerable amount of supplies . It 's super easy to put together-took my husband about 20 minutes.Love it !
 I needed a work area for grilling to supplement the side shelves on my grill and this has been outstanding . The foldable side wings are handy when even more space is needed . The surfaces clean easily and it weathers well . The closed storage areas -LRB- one with a tray -RRB- are really useful too . My only complaint is the door latch on the bottom door is funky and does n't always hold but I plan to tweak it . What can you expect from molded plastic - does n't lessen the great value and nice appearance of this item .
 I was pleased with the ease of putting this item together . Also the appearance is very nice . The wheels make it extremely easy to move . The side shelves go up and down easily . The quality of the unattached inside tray is great . The only drawback is that the upper door sticks , so I have to pull hard to get it open , which then pulls the entire unit forward . If not for this little alignment problem , I 'd rate it FIVE stars .
 Love this prep station for organizing grill implements , matches , newspaper kindling , paper towels , cooking spray , grill gloves . . all those things that were scattered around the kitchen and yard . My husband is the griller and this was a birthday gift . He 's pleased with the extra space for his grilling projects and I 'm the happy recipient of his BBQ masterpieces ! Fairly easy to put together . . had to mess with the bottom door a little to keep it closed .
 The Suncast Prep Station is easy to put together -LRB- I did it myself -RRB- and is very functional . I love it for the price .
 I bought this prep station for our new patio to store cooking utensils , paper goods , items for the grill , etc. . It is big enough to hold all the things I need to store , and looks great with the cooler and trash can I also bought with it . It was easy to put together and not only was it free delivery but it arrived a day before it was scheduled . I do n't know how it will hold up to the weather since I 've only had it a couple of weeks . I wo n't leave it out for the winter so I think it will be fine for several years . I really love it and would recommend it to others .
 This server has lots of room to hold many things you need easily . Server tray is limited as there are compartments , not flat as a tray should be so there are no limitations . A little pricey , but well made and waterproof . Love this server !
 I was searching for a place to store all of our outdoor dishes , drinkware , flatware , etc. while also providing additional serving space when we have guests . This looked like the perfect solution -LRB- we have a Suncast deck box that has kept everything in it bone dry for 2 + years so I trust the brand -RRB- . Just received this a few days ago and put it together myself pretty easily without any tools . There is ample space inside for everything , but it would be helpful to have at least one shelf in the lower area -LRB- I can get something from the housewares section at a local retailer -RRB- , as it would fit more in a more organized way . All of my outdoor dishes , etc -- including a fairly large oval tray , do fit in nicely.We also ordered the cooler -LRB- a bit harder to assemble -RRB- , and with these two items next to one another -LRB- leafs open -RRB- , picked up nearly 6 ft of serving area next to our dining table . Very happy with this prep station -LRB- and the cooler -RRB- so far !
 Product was as advertised and now stops many of those back and forth trips to the kitchen for when we BBQ .
 The Suncast Prep Station is exactly what I was looking for to go next to my new Weber grill . The extension shelfs on each side are sturdy and it has ample storage inside for my barbecuing utensils .
 I was lookiing for a small table , stand etc. . . to put beside the grill to hold the normal odds and ends while grilling . The fact that this little cart has wheels is a plus for me , because we have 3 different grills and it rolls smoothly to whichever grill we decide to use . It is fairly water proof . I find water just inside the door opening ridges but not inside the cart itself . To close the doors , you have to give them a little shove so that the door catches and closes , and when you do this the cart itself moves , even with the wheels locked . Not a big problem , mostly irritating . Just hold on to the back of the cart when closing the doors . Easy to put together , sturdy and free shipping are a plus .
 This cart is awesome and I had won one for myself . I just had to purchase another as a gift ! I was stunned how quickly I got it too !
 This is a great little cabinet . It has a lot of space inside -LRB- quite impressive , tall and deep -RRB- and the extra space on top is a great bonus ... you can even slide 2 barstools up to it for extra dining space . It was a little tricky to put together , just follow the directions carefully and it 's fine . It has a nice look and everything stays neat and dry on my deck , where it experiences high winds with plenty of rain . The price is great , the casters work wonderfully on my lumpy bumpy deck , and is a quality product . The door is a wee bit persnickity as some posters have mentioned - just be intentional about opening and closing and it will stay fine - this is the only factor -LRB- and it 's minor -RRB- that kept me from giving it 5 stars . Highly recommend , and I wish I had it long ago .
 This is a nice outdoor cabinet but it was very tricky to assemble . The directions are not very clear and you need to be rather strong to snap all the pieces together -LRB- no tools are required -RRB- . Other than that it 's nice looking and it keeps my patio dishes and linens clean and dry even in very wet weather .
 This is perfect for my deck . Weather-proof and portable . i bought it as a gift , but I want one too after seeing it . Easy to put together
 This showed up in excellent condition , and was very easy to put together . we are using it to store the radio in on the deck ; placed the radio on the top shelf , put a small hole in the back to allow the wires through to the outdoor speakers and it 's perfect . No rain is getting through either , so great protection . The bottom level is large enough to store more deck items in .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY PATIO TO KEEP PLATES , CUPS , NAPKINS , PLASTIC FORKS , SPOONS AND KNIFES . I WAS SLIGHTLY CONFUSED PUTTING IT TOGETHER BUT I AM NOT GOOD AT THIS STUFF ONCE I HAD IT THE RIGHT WAY IT SNAPPED TOGETHER PRETTY EASY . NO TOOLS NEEDED . IT KEEPS EVERY THING CLEAN & DRY . IT HAS A LOT OF SPACE THAT WE EVEN PUT SERVING TRAYS AND CHIP/DIP TRAYS IN IT . SO MUCH EASIER THEN HAVING TO GO IN & OUT OF THE HOUSE EVERYTIME WE HAVE A BBQ . HOPE THIS HELPS
 I ordered this for my husband for father 's day this year . it 's nice sized and fairly easy to put together . No we have room for all those grill `` extras '' .
 Suncast DCP2000 Prep Station is the perfect addition to our outside deck . Space is at a premium when you are ` Condo Living '' , and this prep station serves as our outdoor storage and extended side table when we need it . All our candles , extra table settings , and etcetera have stayed dry in the severest of rain storms , and with the fold-down sides it remains a small footprint on the deck . Assembly was as easy and required mainly the ability to follow the english alphabet as all parts are easily labeled . Some parts required a bit of strength to snap into place , but most individuals can do alone or it 's easily accomplished by two . The unit was delivered as promised and tracked easily from start to finish . It 's made of sturdy plastic and we were suprised that doors and hinges work easily and well . Completely satisfied with product , price and shipping .
 Every backyard needs a prep station like this . Very well built and I love the wheels to move it around . It was just what I needed next to my bar-b-que .
 We redesigned our deck and needed a new storage unit by the grill . This fit the ticket . Not only does it look good , but it if functional . Make sure you read the directions before you assemble because once it snaps together , you are done . My grill master husband loves it !
 I bought the prep station to insert a stainless wet-bar sink on my deck . It worked out to be a perfect fit for the sink I had to install . Cutting the top made the cabinet a little flimsy but after installing the sink it firmed up and is sturdy . I had tried other products for the same thing but they did not work out . This product not only is weather resistant but will stand up to any possible water leaks and not rot away . I would recommend this product to anyone for their own desired outdoor use .
 Very sturdy and it looks great . Faux marble top is beautiful . It can also be used as a rolling beverage cart .
 The cart was easy to put together . Seems very sturdy and has lots of room . I 've used it many times with no problems . Now I can make one trip to the grill instead of several . I wish it had 3 compartments instead of 2 . I got around this issue by buying stacking storage containers to use in the lower compartment . They come in handy for transporting dishes , condiments , etc. .
 This cart was a snap to put together unlike some other ` assembly required ' items . I use it for gardening projects . Worth the price .
 I was intending to build a serving table to compliment my grill station but searching Amazon I found the Suncast Prep Station and thought I would try it out . Bingo , perfect fit , did n't have to build anything . It was easy to assemble and seems to be well built . The included tray is an excellent addition . To protect it when stored next to grill I purchased separately a `` water smoker '' cover and it fit perfectly . Also I use a 16x16 in . piece of ceramic tile on the top for hot items although the Stations material should be great for normal use . Folding sides are great for added space that drops for storage . When up I would n't place anything too heavy on them and be careful to lock the supports . Being able to roll around then lock two rollers in place is very convenient . Very pleased .
 It was easy to assemble and it does a great job . Storage underneath is adequate for BBQ tools and accessories . Love the product .
 Instructions could have been a little better , but everything fit . It 's functional for storage , but a little overpriced .
 I wanted a table for my little Weber Q grill on my narrow balcony . Was looking for something with a standing height work surface that would n't rust or need repainting . That lets out most outdoor side tables , metal , wood , etc. . So this is just right . It 's lightweight and easy to maneuver to sweep behind , holds stuff like wood chips and skewers out of the elements , and feels stable enough . I can see that eventually it 's going to warp and the doors will stop opening easily . I should get a few good years out of it . On the other hand , if it were stouter material , it would n't be so lightweight ! As others have said , it was very easy for one person to assemble and carry out to the balcony .
 This is even nicer than expected . Needed something that wo n't rust and this is perfect .
 This was just what I needed to connect my hose in a tight fitting spot under the deck . It works perfectly and does n't leak .
 It was not as flexible as I would have liked but I was able to bend it and it is made of good quality .
 I purchased this sign for my 12 yr old grandson , and he immediately put it up in his room and was so happy about receiving it . It is nice sized , yet , not too small , it is n't the size of a regular sized street sign , but yet it is big enough to do the job in a bedroom on a bedroom wall . I would recommend this sign to the skateboarding community for their rooms or areas where they skate . Rock On !!!
 This is great and looks and feels real . I put it on the kids bedroom wall
 I recently purchased & installed my new Suncast ACS24 corner shelves -LRB- I bought 4 -RRB- . Very easy to install ! Wish they were a bit deeper but they sure help with storage space .
 Bought my shed from Amazon a few years ago and the only thing it was lacking was shelf space . Well , this solved that issue ! I love these shelves ! Easy enough to install , though it did take a little coercing to get everything to line up and connect but I would expect that with a 4 year old shed that has settled . I 've got a gallon gas can as well as many other items on it and no issues at all .
 Ultimately these little shelves accomplished what I needed to do
 We have the B-52 storage shed for our small yard , and it holds everything we need . But , these shelves provide extra room so that everything is n't on the floor . They are so easy to install , I would be hesitant to call it `` installation '' -- the brackets just clip into the shed and then the shelf clips on top of them . They are a little narrow , as other people have mentioned , but they would probably take up too much room otherwise . The way they are made really maximizes your space . My only criticism is that they should be about $ 5 - $ 10 cheaper ... it 's just a few molded plastic pieces . But , we 're happy , and they serve their purpose , so 5 stars !
 If you have a Suncast shed you will want these corner shelves.They snap together and will hold quite a bit .
 I had a little trouble getting this product installed but once installed they 're great . There are weight limits so you ca n't necessarily load them up but I 've been happy with the additional storage space they provide .
 This corner shelf for my Suncast Storage Shed is a great product . Not only was it easy to install it hold lots of supplies to free up space on the floor for other tools . Great product .
 Be careful when ordering , they come 2 in a box . I must have missed something when I ordered 4 shelves and ended up with 8 . Otherwise they work fine .
 I 've had one of these sitting outside in Florida for 10 years . It is finally starting to disintegrate from the sun but it has served me well all this time . Hopefully the latest version has n't had too many `` Improvements '' . This reel works just fine ! Mine sits on the ground and I can tote it anywhere it is needed . You will have to guide the hose on by hand while you crank it in or it will jam up . Your foot on the front lower cross bar will keep it steady while you crank and the tote bar folds backwards out of the way . There is a rotating hose connection on the end opposite the crank that connects to the hose bib and I 've had no trouble with it for 10 years . Just a plain , simple , hose reel that works and lasted 10 years . That 's why I bought another one!I will edit this review when I get the new one -LRB- 5-7 days -RRB- . New one is just like the old one - great !
 My old garden hose was stored on a wall mounted hangar that required some effort to carefully rewind after each use but that still resulted in some annoying kinks in the hose . I decided to give this Suncast `` Hosehandler '' hose reel a try.Positives : > No assembly of the reel required . OK connection instructions with diagrams . > Good length and quality leader hose -LRB- approx . 4 feet -RRB- to connect faucet to the reel 's in-tube connector . This allows some space between the reel and the wall faucet to maneuver the reel as needed . > The leader hose-reel-garden hose connector/interface in/out tube DOES NOT LEAK ! This is a major weak link among many of the other hose reels I 've researched online . * Please note
 If you 're looking for a compact hose reel for a small 50 foot hose this could be for you and I would give it 3 STARS . For a 100 foot hose I would only give it 2 STARS because the taller and bigger reels perform better . So now I use this reel for storing an extra heavy duty extension cord . If you shop around for the latter , you 'll see cheap reels that do n't perform and drive you crazy or very expensive reels that do the job . Well this reel can handle 150 feet of the heaviest duty cord with no problem and it 's a pleasure to use , plus you 'll save a lot of money buying it over reels designed for extension cords . FOR EXTENSION CORD USAGE , I GIVE IT 5 STARS .
 This Garden Hose Reel is a VERY convenient addition to the yard . It is super easy to use & keeps the hose in a neat , portable spot . Since it is plastic , it is lightweight and I know it will not last 10 years if I leave it out in the sun 24/7 . The price we pay for 2012 .
 This mower cuts well and does not scalp the ground excessively . It seems to work well as long as there are no rocks or debri that the blades will strike . The blades are heavy and well built with a dish mount and has a tapered splined hub to the gearbox . This hub has a tendency to become loose and the mower needs to be overturned to check it.The weakest part of the mower is the sheet-metal . The welds at the rear corners are weak and appear to be faulty weld joints as the joints separate without the metal breaking.Overall , it is a fair mower for medium use , but is not suited for heavy , long-term mowing . It will not withstand rocks , etc. as the side metal plates are too thin and the welds are not strong enough for commercial use .
 The Suncast Quick Edge comes in a little box in short sections that have to be joined together . From the photo , I thought it came in a roll . Just pound each piece in with a mallet . Some parts of my yard are very hard , so pounding with a mallet made the tops a little frayed and I had to just leave it higher on the ground than I 'd like . Most of the time , things went smoothly.It 's prettier than the previous edging I had and it 's easy enough for someone like me who 's not into hard labor . I 'm buying two more boxes to finish off my project . _____________________ UPDATE
 I really like the way these set off a yard . We used them next to the walkway and to frame a garden . They look really nice . It was very easy to put them in the ground . I just tapped them in with a mallot and that was it . I was done in no time and have received many compliments on our landscaping .
 We used these to make a few small areas around a bird house pole and some hop plants . Easy to use and sturdy !
 Have installed the Suncast QE20 over past years ... 1 -RRB- Use an edging device -LRB- we tried a few , but had most success with Ames HDP38 Steppin ' Edger or Hound Dog HDP6-4 Steppin ' Edger ... both available on Amazon2 -RRB- Moisten the soil3 -RRB- Use a rubber mallet4 -RRB- Moisten the soil5 -RRB- Start pounding6 -RRB- Moisten soilWe have hard clay and sandstone , this system worked for us . Did I mention having moist soil works best ? ; - -RRB-
 I got this at Walmart for 10 Bucks it is easy to use and does what it is suppose to do .17 dollars and change is a little steep I think .
 It only gets 4 stars because there 's no manual telling you how to make them be rounded other than bending them , which tended to make it look cheap . They are PERFECT for straight borders or gentle curves . I have no idea how to make them match up at a straight -LRB- perpendicular -RRB- corner .
 Created a fine looking border between my lawn and flower bed . Very good at creating natural looking curves . Very happy with this edging !
 Love this product . It was so easy to install and it looks great . It keeps the mulch from going into my pool .
 I was skeptical about these because they were so inexpensive , but I 'm very pleased with them . The go together nicely and seem to be staying in place quite well . Definitely recommended .
 I needed a border for a rectangular bed holding what will become a hedge . The border needed to be definite , but could not be thick and intrusive . The Suncast looked like a good bet , especially since the individual piece size allowed me to build the border to fit the bed dimensions without any cutting . I experienced no difficulty in joining the pieces -LRB- wet one edge and then just slide them together -RRB- , but the only way you can simply tap them into the ground is of the ground is absolutely soft -LRB- which mine was n't -RRB- . It was necessary for me to soak the ground , and even then it was difficult to get the border really INTO the ground . -LRB- That 's the close to the advertisement , but not quite part -RRB- . But , since it is in place , it is what I wanted
 I was looking for edging that would be
 This stuff works great ! I was looking to find some more of this edging to extend one of my planting beds and almost purchased it through here until I found it at Walmart for much less . It does n't look the most expensive , but it makes a world of difference than not having it at all . Would definitely recommend .
 The quick edge worked beautifully ! Easy to install and flexible for curved areas . Does just what I wanted it to - keeps the grass separated from the garden bed .
 Great product . Easy to put in , looks great , and last . If you need to move it for some reason just pull it up and put it in .
 Goes quickly . Work with softened ground if possible , but does n't crack and break like some others I 've tried . I 'm coming back for more ! Stops mulch from leaking into the grass , and looks very professional
 Living in Louisiana this is a much needed product.The Pro is that it works . It does take a few weeks to break the mosquito cycle but you will be much less mosquitoes than normal.Con
 great product . . highly recommend to anyone with mosquitos in their yard . good price , shipped quickly , as advertised .
 Live on a half acre near a large lake in Dallas and greenbelt , and this year heavy rains & mosquito population growing . Bought in 2005 at Home Depot & it worked great , 2006 was a drought so did n't use . This year , 2007 , I just cleaned up -LRB- cobwebs , cocoons , etc -RRB- & re-started , 2 weeks later still works great . I swap & clean out nets weekly . End of Week One , 100 - 200 captured , end of Week Two 60 - 100 captured . I take great joy in placing the changed net on my deck in the Texas sun and knocking off the last few survivors before emptying the net.Has knocked down my no-see-um & chigger population also.I found it to be easy assembly , though I am a Mechanical Engineer , I am far from handy . I have n't experienced any of the quality issues of others , but if I bought another , I would definitely get it somewhere that made returns easy -LRB- Amazon , etc. -RRB- . Mine is this Liberty Model & I run a long orange extension cord to it , works for me.I put it in a low wet area under trees that is drainage to the lake , though I mow it short to cut mosquito population they were still there and shaded so active all day . As soon as I turned on the unit the first time , mosquitoes were swarming to it . Two weeks later , I can mow thru this area in evenings , and no mosquitoes coming after me , before the mower would flush them out of the grass & at me.We have multiple breeds of mosquitos , including Asian Tiger Mosquitoes -LRB- ATMs -RRB- , they recommend not using the Octenal for ATMs , so mine is running on propane only . I 've never had to use a CO2 cartridge to clean out the line.I run my propane tank until empty -LRB- yellow diode flashing -RRB- , which happens in about 5 weeks.Expensive , because it looks like they have covered their intellectual property well , so no real competitors . -LRB- Which as a techie , I kind of admire . -RRB- I prefer to get it now rather than spend the next 17 years getting bitten by mosquitoes waiting for the patent -LRB- s -RRB- to expire.My advice , buy it , get the Liberty for the one acre coverage , since you ca n't count on your neighbors springing the cash for one also , and get it somewhere you can return it should it not work . If you have a serious mosquito population you 'll know within a week if it 's working for you by the mosquitoes in the net . And the yellow flashing diode and green diode on the back of the unit will tell you in less than 5 - 15 minutes if the unit you have is starting properly .
 I just have to say that I was very skeptical about purchasing this product . We already purchased the Coleman Mosquito Deleto system which cost around $ 200.00 but was a severe disapointment . The only thing that it caought was pollen and an occational leaf or two ... not worth it at all ! So we purchased and set up the Mosquito Magnet anticipating a similar results , but we were desperate , and tired of dousing ourselves with deet everytime we did yard work . However , what we got was a complete elimination of all mosquitos from our yard ! We live very near wetlands so we have always had a mosquito problem . That problem has now been completely eliminated ! As a matter of fact , the only time I saw a mosquito in our yard was when the gas ran out on the unit and it shut off !! The brochure said that it would take several weeks to disrupt the population in the yard , but we noticed the difference in a few days . I was so impressed that I was compelled to take time out of my work schedule to write this review . If you are even thinking of this product , I would say purchase it without any reservations . It is a bit pricey , but it is worth every penny if you have a mosquito problem . And you need to refill the gas tank around every 2 weeks but again , worth all of the trouble . I ca n't comment on the long term durability as we have only had it for a few months now , but I can say that I am very impressed and would buy one again !
 I 've read a number of reviews about people having problems shortly after purchasing . I just started mine up the other day to begin it 's fourth season and can say that I have not had a single problem or had to call tech support . My wife and I can definitely notice a difference in the mosquito population when it 's running .
 I used to rate this well ; but it has broken for the second time and the cost to run it has become prohibtive ... So I change my revew ; even though i can not change the stars - I give it two stars ... It might work ; but it is very expensive to run ... And mine has broken again for the second time . Gas $ 20/20days + bait $ 8/20 days = $ 40/month . Then it breaks every two years $ 350 Ends up costing like $ 50/month and a lot more in hassle time mucking with it in the mosquitos ! All this and I am not sure that it actually helps much . At the price they charge , this thing should work not break down out of warranty like it does . They are milking the public for all they can get ; they now have a national repair network . The thing does not look like it should cost much to make , either lower the cost or build it to last . For me - I 'm done with it until I see some changes . YardGuard Spray works better anyway ...
 I purchased my unit 3 years ago . I has done just what it advertised to do and captures flying insects like mosquitos . I remember getting bitten in the early spring and decided to do something about this situation . Within a few days of using the unit I did n't get bitten once . This year I had some problems getting the unit to start . The technical support , after a moderate wait on the telephone , was pleasant and helpful . The woman walked me through some simple steps and my unit worked flawlessly for the rest of the season .
 This is an awesome machine ! It really works . I get hundreds and hundreds of dead bugs in my net every week.I would recommend this to anyone .
 We live on a bayou in southeast Texas and we have mosquitos , big time mosquitos . 10 ,11 months out of the year we have mosquitos . My wife bought a Mosquito Magnet Liberty 3 or 4 years ago at Home Depot for $ 599.00 + I believe and it had a money back guarntee for several months with like 25 % less what you paid for it . I was skeptical and did n't think it was worth that much . I do n't know anybody that had had any success with any of the other machines on the market . We used to have to mop insect repellent on to work in the yard -LRB- which I hate -RRB- and could hardly sit in the yard in the shade without being eaten alive most of the time . I have had had extremaly good success with our machine . We enjoy our yard and have n't had to use any repellent since buying it . I did have a problem with my machine when I started it up the second season . It would n't work . The manufacture was a little difficult to contact , but they replaced the head for $ 149.00 , which is the whole working part.If it broke tommorrow , I would buy another . I am very pleased with my purchase.Les Gibson
 First off , I live in the woods of NH , and I 've read the success of these machines will vary depending on where you live . I owned the Flowtron MT-275 for 3 yrs . It did work and caught maybe 200 mosquitoes a month . Being my first ever trap I thought this was good . The unit finally stopped working after 3 yrs . I replaced the fan according to their support with no success . Flowtron support was clearly guessing at the problem and I decided to throw this unit out before spending any additional money trying to fix it . What a great move this was !! Advice to all ... throw your Flowtron out if you own one regardless if it is working or not ! I recently bought a Mosquito Magnet MM3000 Liberty and a Blue Rhino SV3100 SkeeterVac . One was put on each side of my 3 acres . Within 2 wk both of these units caught more mosquitoes than the Flowtron did in 3 yrs !! After 3 months now , the Magnet Liberty is by far superior at catching mosquitoes , but that is all it catches , and it does it well ! I empty a full bag every wk , which must be 1000 's . The SkeeterVac catches about 1/3 the mosquitos of the Magnet , however the TacTrap -LRB- sticky paper on the outside of unit -RRB- is excellent at catching other biting bugs , like the large black and green flies I have up here . After every 2 wks the TacTrap looks like a fully loaded pizza of bugs ... very cool ! The other nice thing about the SkeeterVac is that its cordless . However , the TacTrap and Fine Tune Biting -LRB- Octanol -RRB- will add to the monthly operational cost vs the Magnet . So far , following the advice of previous posters , I have not had any clogging problems . I replace the propane before it runs out so the units are not running on empty ... which seems to be the main problem with these units . Bottom line , I like having both the Magnet and SkeeterVac units , and will never by a Flowtron again !
 July 7 -LRB- Original review -RRB- I purchased the Mosquito Magnet Liberty with some hesitation after reading all the reviews here . Before buying it , I spoke with a friend who has two of these , and I also talked with the hardware store owner about their reliability and effectiveness . In both cases I got very positive feedback.In summary , the Magnet Liberty has been running for a week and we can now use our frontyard , even in the early morning and evening , without resorting to bug spray or strange dance routines.We have run it in all sorts of weather with no problems . It lost power during an electrical storm and had to be restarted . Starting it initially , and after the power loss , was a simple button press.My two complaints are relatively minor . One is that the setup manual is a little unclear in places . I made two different mistakes in assembling and had to backup slightly -- and I have a LOT of experience in assembling devices , furniture , etc. , from directions . It took me about one hour to assemble.The other is that the manual does n't make it clear that the Magnet comes with a power cord that is about 50 feet long . So I did n't need the extension cord that I purchased with the Magnet.When costing this system , bear in mind that you will also need to purchase a propane tank -LRB- about $ 45 in Massachusetts -RRB- , some CO2 cartridges for clearing the propane line -LRB- $ 10 and strongly recommended in the product manual -RRB- , additional octenol cartridges -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- , and some spare catch nets -LRB- $ 25 , the Magnet only comes with a single net -RRB- . This added about $ 95 in total to the cost of the Magnet itself.Based on needing to do the following every 21 days : -- Replace the propane tank -- Replace the octenol cartridge -- Use a CO2 cylinder to clean the propane line -LRB- officially every 2nd propane fill -RRB- the running costs are about $ 1 per day.After running the Magnet for one week , the net currently has about an inch of dead mosquitoes in the bottom . I 'm tempted to take the net out and count the number of carcasses to see about how many we 're catching a day.Placement is important . I found a location that is upwind from the yard and is under some small trees , so that the Magnet is in the shade for almost the entire day.When I first set it up , it was in a less shady location and I caught far less mosquitoes -LRB- based on the number I saw buzzing at the top of the net -RRB- for the first 24 hours.And the results are most excellent . The kids are getting far less bites . We not using bug spray as much . And I can prune my tomato plants without fear of losing a finger as a try and swat mosquitoes with my gardening shears.July 30 UpdateI changed the propane and put in new octenol cartridges on schedule . I 've had to empty the net three times so far.And the results - better than I could have hoped for ! I did n't give this product five stars because of the setup problems described above , now I wish I had.I spent 30 minutes in our front yard earlier this week talking with a friend about life -LRB- including mosquitoes -RRB- . In that time , neither of us was buzzed by any type of mosquito.Of course , this also means that the magnet itself is catching less mosquitoes . When I first saw this happen , about a week ago , I was concerned that it was n't working properly . Now I realize there are simply less mosquitoes around for it to catch .
 We had been debating the Mosquito Magnet since the summer of 2003 . It was a wet spring in New England in 2004 and in May when my mother-in-law drove her car up in midmorning -LRB- not peak misquito time -RRB- and I saw 2 dozen of the blood suckers throwing themselves against her car hood I started to worry . I looked at my 18 month old son , wondered how he was going to play outside with out being dunked in DEET , and then went online that morning and ordered one.We have 4 + acres of land , mostly woods so the empty all your standing water advice is not helpful to us . The area around the house is clear and is about 1 acre . We located it on one side of the house , about 10 feet into the woods , which I think helped the catch ratio since misquitos prefer shade.RESULTS
 I have run 2 Mosquito Magnets Liberty Pluses effectively for 3 years , and yes , they are finicky beasts but they work extremely well if used correctly . After returning a number of units the first year I have some tips that should save a lot of money and grief . These apply directly to the Liberty Plus but they should work for the other units as well .1 -RRB- Do NOT let your Magnet run out of propane . The 21 day period is often not correct , but worse than that , if run completely out of propane the igniter seems to be damaged by long-term power-on with no propane conditions . If you do run out of propane , power-off the unit as soon as possible .2 -RRB- When doing maintenance -LRB- like propane changes or bag changes -RRB- tie a plastic shopping bag around the funnel -- this will prevent escape -- you should see it suck in slightly and power-off the unit immediately . Leave the bag on when restarting remove it immediately as the fan powers up .3 -RRB- The battery on battery powered units MUST be charged for more than 24 hours EVERY season , I usually charge them for a week . In 3 years I have replaced 1 battery between 2 machines one is on its fourth season .4 -RRB- Use quick clear every time you change the propane , yes it is costly , and make sure the propane regulator is connected when you clear .5 -RRB- Propane is often the problem with start up failures , use the gas reset tool every time and make sure the tanks are purged use the quick clear sometimes more than once .6 -RRB- I catch 1000s of mosquitos -LRB- bags filled completely -RRB- and the machines become loaded with bits and pieces of bugs . !! Carefully !! vacuum out your machine once a year -LRB- outside -RRB- .7 -RRB- Replace the lure -LRB- Octenol -RRB- regularly it makes a big difference .
 I got a Mosquito Magnet Liberty at a local discount store -LRB- the big W -RRB- . I went with the intention of getting the Defender model , but they were all out and this was the last one they had , so I got it . The mosquitoes here in Alaska are terrible , driving us inside when we would rather be out either gardening or relaxing . I finally had enough and began to research different ways of getting rid of these very irritating pests . I had settled on the MM Defender , since the reviews were mostly good for it . I noticed that the reviews on the Liberty Plus mostly complained about the solar/battery problem . When buying the Liberty , I noticed that this one was NOT the Plus version , so decided to try it out . -LRB- an expensive trial , but the d * mn mosquitoes were driving me batty -RRB- My husband set the thing up last night and I went out this morning to check on it and * WOW * !! There were tons of the critters in the net ! By late afternoon , my husband told me that he thought there were about 500 mosquitoes in that net . I am not sure if there were THAT many , but there was a couple hundred at least . I am SO glad we got the MM Liberty ! I ca n't wait for the problem to be completely taken care of ! I will be counting down the days for the 4 - 6 week time period to be over . If I do n't write again , you 'll know that we are mosquito free in Palmer , Alaska!By the way , I would have given this thing 5 stars , but it is TOO expensive and at this price , the propane tank should be included !
 Here is the scoop ! You have seen some reviews that say it does n't work . That is a lot of hewy ! The trick is that you must have it running at least 4-6 weeks before the summer rush of bugs . That means you really should n't purchase it after the end of April -LRB- in the North East -RRB- . Reason being , it starts limiting the number of bug from the get go but you may not notice anything until a month later . We plugged ours in in April . My Husband and I live in Maine and we were so happy that it limited the number of our black flies at the end of May . We also have changed the trap a few times and the most mosquitos we caught in one month 's time was 947 . -LRB- yes we counted ! -RRB- You must read all of the materials that come with the machine for it to give you the best results . We had to replace the ignitor because we did n't clean out the trap in time and we got a free replacement within a week . With the 1 year warranty it is worth the price .
 I bought a liberty 4 years ago and it 's been kicking mosquito/black fly/midge butt in my backyard every since . I recommend it to my neighbors in hopes of complete biting insect eradication from our neighborhood -LRB- < grin > a pipe dream , to be sure ! -RRB- . Too bad it 's a bit expensive , not everyone will be able to afford one.The first month we used it , the net was full of the little buggers . After that , as the mosquito population was decimated , we got less and less catch rate . But since we can go into the yard now without getting bitten , the lower catch rates are simply due to the lack of bugs to catch.It seems to me the most important thing is to find the right lure and placement combination . We started with octenol and after the catch rate fell , we switched to lurex -LRB- we are in the midwest where the asian tiger is beginning to move into the area -RRB- . Now we switch lures with each refill , and move the unit around the yard regularly . We have low catch rates but the mosquitoes are gone ! We can go into the backyard -LRB- even at dusk ! -RRB- without slathering on the repellent and rarely get bitten any more.I 'd recommend this product to anyone . I 'm thinking of getting a liberty plus to get more coverage on our big lot . I see a lot of bad reviews but I think it 's just a question of finding the right placement/lure for your yard , and following the manufacturers guidelines . Follow the manufacturers instructions for placement , maintenance , and storage and you 'll be successful in reclaiming your backyard . Ours was even crushed by a wind blown tree limb and after a little repair session in the ol' workshop it 's still working and catching bugs .
 I read all of the reviews for a whole year before we invested in this unit . Its been about 4 weeks now , I ca n't tell you how many , thousands , of mosquitos and deer flies this unit has grabbed ! We love it , it works for us ! Read the directions carefully and it will work for you too ! It says 4-6 weeks before you see a difference , and we are just starting to be able to go out in the pool at night and not get attacked ! Now how can we get rid of our wasps ? They are nesting everywhere this season !!
 Would estimate a 90 % plus reduction in mosquitos in the first 3 weeks of use . With Triple E being a problem in this area this year , the reduction in mosquitos was really significant . Aerial spraying done in the last week and continued use of the Mosquito Magnet should just about eliminate the problem for the rest of this season .
 I have a number of acres of wooded land with lots of wet spots . The mosquitoes had thrived and made outdoor relaxation miserable . About 3 years ago I purchased a Mosquito Magnet Liberty . Since then , we feel like we have our outdoors back . There are still some areas the mosquitoes own what we want back . So I 'm looking for a portable model to use in another area .
 I was really waffling about buying this product . . it seemed that buyers either loved it or hated it , but after the rainy season we 've had in Massachusetts I was desperate . We live in a really woodsy neighborhood where the mosquitoes seem to be out most of the day . When we would drive up to our house the mosquitoes would ram against the windshield trying to get at us and it seemed every night some managed to slip in and bite my kids while they slept . So I held my breath and spent the money . It 's been operating for 10 days now and there must be almost a cup of dead mosquitoes in the net . We sat outside at dinnertime this weekend for the first time since we bought our house last spring . Even if it breaks down after 2 years , it 's worth the $ 1-2 a day to operate , especially with the threat of West Nile virus and EEE . If only they could make something for the ticks ...
 I bought my MML from Home Depot a few weeks ago , and it has been bagging those little `` buggers '' on a nightly basis . My estimate is that I 'm catching 6 or so a night -LRB- die bloodsuckers , die ! -RRB- . It 's hard to tell because they usually die and fall to the bottom of the net making it difficult to get an exact count . So far I have had no mechanical issues as reported by other users . I have been testing the effectiveness by going outside in the evening to see how often I get buzzed or bitten . After two and a half weeks I have seen a significant decrease in activity . I 'm actually at the point where I 'm not getting bitten at all in the 15 minute timeframe I spend outside -LRB- in the past I wouldhave been swarmed ! -RRB- . The only reason I gave MML 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the cost . The initial purchase is pretty steep ! In addition , you need to replace the propane -LRB- even if the bottle is n't empty -RRB- every 3 weeks ; scent cartridge every 3 weeks as well ; buy co2 cannisters to clear the system every other tank change ; new net every season ; and lastly - electricity.Bottom line is that this works - It traps mosquitos and made my yard much more livable for me and my family . Of course you need to shell out big bucks to buy and maintain , but in the end I think it 's worth it.UPDATED 6/12/08Well , it worked OK for two years ... . I had to empty the bag every 2 weeks or so for the first couple years . Pulled it out this spring and followed the startup steps for a new season and ... nothing ! Kept gettting the propane error light code which can mean essentially anything . Tried all the troubleshooting in the manual and online to no avail . $ 450 -LRB- plus propane , scent , electricity , quick clears -RRB- is a lot to spend for 2 summers of a thinned out -LRB- not eliminated by any means -RRB- mosquito population . Only buy if you can get an extended warranty . Even then , think long and hard about it ! Unfortunatelly this amazon update wo n't let me change to 1 starts or I would .
 I purchase my Mosquito Magnet 3000MM Liberty through eBay and received it May 14 , 2004 . It took all but 20 minutes to unboxed and fully assemble . Once the propane was connected , the Mosquito Magnet 3000MM Liberty was in operation with the simple touch of one button . No problem at all with the warm up . I live in the southern part of Louisiana where mosquitoes swarm by the millions and in the first week this machine has caught and dehydrated several thousand of the pesky little critters . What a wonderful machine !
 I see many dissatisfied customers when I look at these reviews . I 'm not affiliated with this company in any way , but my dad picked this exact model up at a garage sale recently for only $ 20 . We went and got fresh mosquito bait and a fresh propane tank and fired it up but after it finished its warm-up phase , the fault light would turn on and it would n't work . It was a REALLY EASY fix - go to your nearest authorized dealer -LRB- or shop online -RRB- for a pack of Mosquito Magnet QuickClear cylinders . First you take the adapter that came with the unit and screw it on , then you screw in the QuickClear cylinder all the way , and then back it out 1/4 turn -LRB- you 'll hear it start to hiss -RRB- . Leave it until it 's done hissing -LRB- 45 seconds -RRB- and then plug your unit back in and reconnect the propane tank and fire it up and it will probably work fine . It seems that gunk builds up in the lines during use and/or storage and it needs these QuickClear cylinders to clean them out . We only just started using ours today but it already seems to be catching mosquitos .
 Mosquito Magnet Liberty Mosquito Trap MM3000We purchased our Mosquito Magnet in the spring of 2004 and it has worked superbly for the past 4 summers . We are in the hardwoods and the Magnet traps almost a net full of mosquitos in a month . We have it across the lawn from our deck and it does a good job of keeping the mosquitos and black flies away . This spring , however , the unit would not start up . The light codes indicated that it was not getting gas . I cleared all the lines through to the orifice and checked out the regulator and reset the tank valve , but no luck . We ended up sending it to an authorized repairer -LRB- $ 13.00 by FedEx -RRB- . They installed a new igniter and it is now working great.Repair costs including return shipping
 This is the second summer we have had our mosquito magnet . The small hassle with filling the tank every three weeks and changing out the octenol cartridge that some reviewers have mentioned are more than offset by getting our yard back again . The land behind us is undeveloped and after a summer storm large puddles form . Before we had our mosquito magnet we could not go outside without getting lots of bites . Now there is no problem at all .
 I 'd give this 5 stars if it did n't cost so much.Was catching the vile critters within an hour of set up.We 're catching dozens per day now . Maybe more . It 's hard to tell . Anyone know how long it takes the little vampires to dry up and die?I think we 're going to try the bug-zapper combo as a couple others have mentioned to try to catch even more.Overall we 're pretty happy with it . Set up was ok . The instructions were a little less than adequate however.It 's a costly system to slow down the infestations of skeeters - not just initially , but over time with bait , gas , replacement nets , etc. . But with West Nile , I figured the cost is somewhat justified .
 I purchased 2 Mosquito Magnet Liberty traps 3 or 4 years ago -LRB- got them used from Craigslist -- cheap , too -RRB- . They have really worked for me . Without them , if I go to my backyard in the evening I 'll get 5-10 mosquito bites . With them , I rarely get bitten . The only problem i have every had was a fault light indicating a fan problem this year on one trap . I unscrewed the top and found that a lizard had gotten inside and had died stuck in the fan . I removed him and restarted the trap and it worked fine . I love my traps !
 We purchased one of these with out doing any homework . I wish I would have shopped around and gotten a better price , but it was still worth the purchase.The unit took a little while to setup , but it was n't too difficult . I had it up an running in under 30 minutes.At first I thought it would work over night , but soon found that it takes up to three weeks to break the breeding cycle of the female mosquitoes.After three months , all the mosquitoes were gone.Every few days I cleared out the screened trap , I put the dead mosquitoes in a ziplock back . After three months I had -LRB- 6 -RRB- one quart freezer bags full.I was curious how many mosquitoes I had caught so I took a small sample of them and counted 200 of them out on a piece of white paper using very fine tweezers.I then took a very accurate digital scale and weighed the 200 mosquitoes . Then I took all the mosquitoes and weighed them.I guess-timate I had destroyed over a million mosquitoes in three months . *** Please keep in mind *** If you purchase one of these traps or one from another company , it takes time to destroy the mosquitoes . This is not a purchase you make the day of your BBQ or party . This is an item you purchase well in advance . It must run EVERY DAY , 24/7 , EVERY WEEK , for up to three months before you wipe them out !!! Be prepared to change your propane tank every three weeks -LRB- maybe four depending on the model you purchase -RRB- . Also , while these traps work in the rain , I would HIGHLY recommend not allowing sprinklers to hit them !!!! This is how our first model got destroyed . They circuit board inside got fried because it got wet from the force of the water hitting it . Make sure you put this unit out of the way of sprinklers but in a location where the Carbon Dioxide will have the ability to float around and be carried off by the breeze . It is very important not to stick this in the corner of your patio and expect it to work.Also , this will capture other flying bugs such as horse fly , deer fly , and also , on occasion , wasps and hornets .
 When I bought one of these in April 2010 I was told by someone at the store -LRB- who was there to buy replacement octenol attractant -RRB- that as long as you followed the instructions this would liberate your backyard from 99 % of mosquitos . The salesman agreed , saying it was solely dependent upon * following the instructions exactly . * When I brought it home from the store , my neighbor came out and told me I could use his extra tank of propane ANY time I wanted because these magnets work so well it would benefit him too ! But again , he cautioned me to follow all the istructions * carefully * . I started to get the picture -- and as an IT guy by trade , I never read the manual for anything . This time I did.The magnet requires you to place it in a specific location in the yard to maximize the effect of the attractant . You have to pay attention to where the wind is blowing , where it goes , and how far you are from where you will be doing most of the outdoor living . * This is important ! * As a matter of fact , I had it in one location for a few weeks and caught next to nothing . I then paid more attention to the wind and where it was blowing , moved the device to a new spot and filled a bag in a matter of a week and a half . It works THAT well.Blowing out the tank is necessary when you change it . It keeps the lines free of debris and ensures the flow of CO2 . If you do n't do this , the mosquitos will not come near it . Inserting new Octenol attractant is necessary . And making sure it runs 24 / 7 is of utmost importance as it keeps killing off mosquitos before they breed.If you follow the instructions you can stand in the middle of your yard at dusk on a hot , humid night in the middle of summer and not get bit once . We do now , and so do our neighbors . Thanks to mosquito magnet.UPDATE , 9/30/2010 : By the end of July the catch bag stopped filling up with mosquitos . It caught nothing at all . I was concerned the unit had stopped functioning . For the first few weeks of August the situation remained -- nothing in the bag . But that 's when I realized I still was n't being bit by any when outside at night . It had cleared the population entirely ! Satisfied , I turned off the mosquito magnet and put it away . A couple warm , humid weeks later , we started to get bit again and I realized I should have left it out there ! I put it back in place and within a couple days the bag had captured more mosquitos and we were free again . Next summer I will let it run through October , at least !
 Works better than I expected . I live on a lake in the southeast and used to have significant mosquito populations . Not the case after a year of this running.Didn ' t take the 2 hours to set up that some quote . There are only a dozen parts , and half of them are tubes that slide into each other ... though if you have problems setting up an old-style tent , this might be a challenge.Bottle of propane lasts about 2-3 weeks . I do n't use the bait since my local mosquito is the asian tiger type.Didn ' t have any of the quality issues described , but then maybe I got lucky . Never trips offline unless it is out of propane.Bought one for my in-laws across town about 3 months after I started using mine . I put it together to , and again , had no issues . Both work like champs .
 A very wet Spring 2006 resulted in a very high mosquito population where I live in the Connecticut woods.About 2/3 of my 2.3 acre property is wooded ,1 / 3 of the property is house/garden/lawns . In the daytime , there were lterally clouds of `` no-see-ums '' around my head joined by numerous biting mosquitos . The repellant that I used had to be renewed frequently . I was being bitten anywhere that I was not protected by repellant or treated clothing - even through heavy denim jeans . There had never been a season like this since we bought this property six years ago . I installed the `` Liberty '' at the end of June in the spot where I was bitten most frquently . Three weeks later , I was no longer being bitten in that location . At my first tank change I emptied the net and was amazed to find about 1/3 of the net literally packed with insect bodies . Lovely - it works . It can be left outside in all kinds of weather . I did call for service once and was given prompt advice .
 My product was delivered ahead of schedule and in perfect condition . Following the instuctions provided was easy and simple . Operation was a snap . I saw results right away . My horses said thanks dad .
 This is the second season we 've been using the magnet and we ca n't believe what a difference it 's made in our lives . We can sit out on the deck in the evenings , garden in the shade and in the early mornings . We have complete use of our yard and deck 24/7 . We 've only gotten one mosquito bite between us over the 2 years and that was inside the house . We have no idea where that mosquito came from . We 're still scratching our heads over that.Thanks for this great product .
 I purchased this unit in June from Home Depot . It took 2 hours to assemble -LRB- and I 'm pretty good at assembling things -RRB- . It would n't complete the warmup cycle properly so I called their tech support line . The wait was n't too bad for me but the result was that I had a defective unit . I opted to return it to the store rather than wait for the replacement . I complained to the manager about having wasted two hours and another trip to the store and he knocked off $ 25 bucks on the second unit . I complained because I had read several reviews from people that have received defective units and I think the dealers need to get a message that customers are not happy with quality of the merchandise from this company . Anyway , second unit has been working fine . It did start catching mosquito right away and I noticed a difference within a few days . It 's quite fun to check the trap each day to see how many of the little blood suckers are in there . It is hard to get an accurate estimate because the do bunch up and dehydrate but you can see several still buzzing around inside the net and you can point at them and say - HA ! For me , the results are proven by less mosquitoes biting or flying around me so I do n't worry about counting . My other complaint about this thing is cost . You 're dropping a pretty penny for this unit and then do n't forget to add on the cost of the tank and the propane - another $ 40 - $ 50 . The propane lasts for 21 days and then you have to refill the tank . You are also suppose to replace the octenol cartridge which run you $ 20 for 3 -LRB- that 's less than a three month supply -RRB- , plus they tell you to buy CO2 cartridges -LRB- 3 for $ 10 -RRB- and run that through the system every second tank . So , doing the math , say a tank refill every 21 days runs you $ 15 -LRB- and that 's cheap right now -RRB- , $ 7 every 21 days for octenol , $ 1.50 for CO2 , plus electricity - you 're looking at upwards of $ 25 every 21 days in extra hard costs to keep the thing running . That 's $ 35 - $ 40 a month if you like to break it down that way . With that said , if that does n't scare you off then give the unit a shot . It does make a difference . I wo n't say there are no more mosquitoes or no-see-ums but I can regularly go out in the yard for a few minutes and come back inside without any bites when before that would not have been possible . It 's just hard for me to believe this company charges so much for this thing and then half of them do n't work . That aggravates me , but mosquitoes biting my son aggravates me more .
 My unit has been working almost a week now , has caught about 5000 mosquitos so far , and I would def . recommend it . I never thought it would be possible to almost rid my yard of mosquitos , but it is happening.I think the people that have problems -LRB- other than defective units -RRB- are doing something wrong , cuz it works great for me . Placement is key , and you need to have patience .
 we 've been very pleased with ours . it seems to take the edge off . i am usually the mosquito bait for everyone else and can not stand being outside . the MML has greatly reduced the mosquito population . some pointers 1 -RRB- use octenol 2 -RRB- start early in the season.the biggest difficulty -LRB- and not particular to MML -RRB- is that the safety valve is a little too safe - i need to typically grab a tank off of my grill that is not so full .
 I 'm writing this review as a frequent guest of my neighbors `` get-togethers '' , which they are infamous for every summer . Let 's just say they are the only ones in the neighborhood who have been able to continually have these outdoor parties , and it 's all thanks to the Mosquito Magnet . Our neighbors own 2 traps which they have placed in their large back yard . The result is impressive - last summer we were able to sit outside for hours without being bother by mosquitoes.We 've been so impressed , that my husband and I have decided to go out this weekend and by a trap of our own -LRB- will post an update to this review after we 've had it running for a few weeks -RRB- . They tried a couple different mosquito control techniques at first , but after talking to our neighbors , it seems that the Mosquito Magnet is the way to go !
 The Mosquito Magnet truly is the best ` garden ornament ' ever made . We have had it for about a week and a half and it has improved our quality of life greatly . We have a lot of mature trees and a very moist environment . Mosquitos would attack us constantly during the summer months and not even the mosquito repellent would prevent us from getting bitten . Since we have purchased the item , we are able to sit outside until late and the children can play at their sandbox and in the pool without getting bothered . Thanks for this great product , we love it !!!
 Bought one of these used on Craigslist and set it up according to instructions on the company 's website last spring . Within three days I was able to enjoy our backyard again . Most of our problem here in Austin TX is the Asian Tiger . I alternate each month between Lurex and Octenol . I would n't say it 's perfect -LRB- still get the odd bite -RRB- but it certainly helps . Now we can enjoy the outdoors and the pool . I know it helps because I still get eaten in the neighbors yards . You do have to set it up in the right location in your yard -LRB- in the furthest corner upwind of your biting friends -RRB- Using the quick-clear CO2 every other tank of propane seems to eliminate most of the start-up problems .
 This thing works ... the people that say it caught only a few mosquitos in 3 months must be doing SOMETHING WRONG . Ours caught 3000 + mosquitos in the first 5 days . It works like they say it does , and works well if you follow the instructions -LRB- perhaps therein lies the problem for those people who are dissatisfied -RRB- . You just have to position it correctly . I ca n't believe how well it works , I never thought I would be able to rid my yard of mosquitos like this , totally awesome !
 Suncast PWC150 Powerwind 2 Wheel Hose ReelMy wife has the habit of using the hoses but never winding them back up . She loves this Powerwind 2 . She still does n't wind them back up , but I do n't curse any more when I get stuck winding them up . This product may have saved her life . ; o -RRB- Jim
 Does everything the manufacture says it can do . I 'm extremely pleased with mine .
 Works great especially with Apex NeverKink 2000 5/8 - Inch-by-100-Foot Heavy Duty Ultra Flexible Hose sold on amazon ! Both are Excellent !
 Great product for people with large yards and sore backs . Battery charge lasted for a whole season .
 Just ordered it today and hopefully I will get it on Friday for shortly after I will be taking a trip to have Christmas early and there are alot of perfect spots for detecting that my family owns in the area XD My main reason I admit was the small coil , better materials , simple maintenance , simplicity , and all the videos I have watched floating around YouTube . When I get the detector I will be going to a local park to use it in the tot lot for hopefully some change and not so much trash .
 Very rarely am I a ` brand loyal ' kind of guy , but I 'm rapidly becoming that with Tesoro . In addition to my other machines , I now own 2 Compadres and will probably branch out into a couple other models in the Tesoro product line.Lets look at both the practical and functional advantages that the Tesoro Compadre enjoys over other machines.Practical Advantage # 1
 OK , I did a lot of research on metal detectors before deciding on this machine . I live out in the American Southwest and wanted a cheap machine I could go gold nugget shooting with out here in the deserts.Keep in mind , this was the only machine talked about online that has successfully been used for gold nugget shooting and fits in the under $ 200 price range.I 've owned the machine for about a month now , and although I have n't found any gold with it , I have found small silver nuggets -LRB- as small as sesame seed sized -RRB- and copper nuggets -LRB- around pea size -RRB- . Because of it 's amazing success so far , I have no doubt this machine would also pick up gold if I came across it at the right depth.As a test , I buried a 1/8 '' gold ring about six inches deep and it picked it up no problem on all discrimination settings ; it picks up the sesame seed sized silver nuggets at about 1 1/2 '' to 2 '' ; and the pea sized copper at about 4 '' . Now of course , there are better detectors for nugget shooting than this one . However , these machines run above $ 500 . So , if you 're looking for a cheap machine to go nugget shooting with , this is , without a doubt , the one.Just do n't expect to find nuggets too deep and too small.A few things to keep in mind ... 1 -RRB- I heard the best discrimination setting for finding gold is slightly above `` iron '' .2 -RRB- This is a `` beep and dig '' machine , so expect to dig a lot .3 -RRB- The small 5.75 '' coil allows you to pinpoint with ease , go around obstacles , and go inside small holes .4 -RRB- Simplicity ! One knob , easy to break down , durable , and life-time warranty .
 This is a great detector for the money . I 'm not a serious detectorist , but I like to play around once in a while . This detector is easy to set up and easy to use . It works at least as well as the other detectors I 've used before . the only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is that is is kind of chattery in the sandy soil I hunt in and I have n't figured out how to tune it out . I will update this after I 've used it for a while , if I figure anything else out .
 This is my first metal detector and I could n't be happier with my purchase . I was surprised at how easy the Compadre was to use . No problem using it the first day I had it . No headphones and no volume control - I 'm not sure I 'd want those features as I like to hear what 's going on around me . The disk is only 5 '' so that means more swinging . But its very light and has a great response time so you can still cover a lot of ground . And it comes with a lifetime warranty !
 I currently own 3 Tesoro detectors that are range from $ 600 - $ 720 range . Tejon , Lobo ST and a Cortez . This one gets 5 stars for sure.I might even end up selling my Cortes and using this one for parks . You can identify targets by adjusting the disc control while going over them . Because of the 12kHz frequency and small coil , it is sensative to jewelry . I have been relic and coin hunting for almost 30 years . This is a great machine for the experienced and the beginner.If I were competing with other hunters in a park for coins , I would use this machine . There is no time consumption adjusting the machine and keeping it adjusted.This machine of course would be of no value on a hunted out civil war battlefield . You would then need a Tejon to find those few left deep signals .
 No , do n't use this machine at the beach , use it on regular ground . There are beach machines , the salt and sand act together to screw up the receive signal . Use it on the tot lot , the old abandoned house , the fairgrounds and parks and look for silver , you 'll find it if you 've done your research . Silver is $ 37.45 and ounce as I write . A one ounce silver coin is probably pushing $ 50.00 or better . Old silver coins - think about it - you can waste your time in all metal mode diging every hole or you can shoot for the silver - this machine is great for that , but not at a salt water beach . save your old silver - coin value and metal value - just might come in hand some day . Good exercise and in the right hands at the right places and this machine will earn its keep . I could tell you more , but I 'd have to ...
 I have a Tesoro Compadre I bought in 2007 . Still works and still LOVE it ! Me and a friend wanted to get into metal detecting she bought a cheap &#34; toy &#34; detector . I use those terms loosely because it was marketed as a nice detector and cost over 180 $ but is was very cheaply made . She was constantly getting &#34; hits &#34; -LRB- when the detector sounds and you know you found some metal -RRB- She would dig and find nothing . Finally she asked me if I would check her dig site with my Compadre . I would find nothing -LRB- detector would not sound -RRB- . She got so mad at me when I said it was her detector . She wondered what was soooo special about mine . Well , I have NEVER had a hit and not found metal.Yes I have found a LOT of junk but I would rather dig out the junk than miss that one good piece because I had my sensitivity or discrimination set wrong.I know what you 're thinking ... It only has one knob ... How could it be any good ? Yes , it only has one knob and as far as I am concerned I could have lived with only an on off switch . All those buttons and gizzmo 's on the other detectors only complicate things . And I do n't care what any one tells you , if you do research you know that just because you have your discriminator to see only &#34; gold &#34; you will still have to dig up junk , but you are 87 % more likely to miss that small gold piece that was a little deeper.Then there is the light weight . When you are going to be swinging this all day -LRB- and you will want to -RRB- It HAS to be light . The Compadre weighs less than 3 pounds!Bottom Line
 The Tesoro Compadre metal detector works great , and is easy to use . Found good stuff the first time I used it . Love it !
 I have only used this detector a couple of times so I cant really rate it but I can say that it finds coins very well . No more than I have used it I know that the tone is important . I can tell some trash from coins just by the sound . They say the more you use it the more you know what you have located and I believe it . I think I am going to have a lot of fun with this as I have already found a lot of wheat pennys and a couple of mills .
 This is my first metal detector , and I chose this model based on excellent reviews on other sites and the ease of use with this detector . I love how lightweight it is -LRB- i 'm a short , petite girl -RRB- , so you can just grab and go . I found a very old pair of pliers in the yard on my first day out with it . It beeps a lot in our yard , so I 'm still trying to figure out exactly how to best use it and decipher the signals . Overall I 'm quite happy with it . I love it 's lightweight and sleek design , and the price ca n't be beat for something this cool .
 I 've been buying and using Mosquito Magnets for close to ten years . Why the plural ? Because they do n't last . I 'd say we average two years before they die . The propane is expensive and so are the octenol cartridges.So , why do we keep buying them ? BECAUSE THEY WORK ! They work really , really well . We live in a low-lying area . When we first moved here , you could n't go outside during the summer because you 'd get swarmed by dozens of mosquitoes , you 'd literally have a cloud around you . When we put out the first MM , it would fill up with hundreds of them every night . But after a few weeks , we were virtually mosquito-free around the house . The fact that we can enjoy our outdoors is well worth the expense.For those people who complain that the MM is ineffective , I 'd bet they 're not using the octenol . It makes a HUGE difference in the catch rate . If you 're not planning to use it , do n't bother buying the MM -LRB- or any other similar device -RRB- . Buying the propane in the little 3-gallon tanks is expensive and inconvenient . We bought a used 100-gallon tank and buy the propane in bulk , much cheaper and it lasts a really long time.So , yeah , I wish they lasted longer . I wish the octenol was cheaper . I also wish my car cost $ 50 and got 700 miles per gallon , but like my MM the benefits far outweigh the costs . When the latest one dies , I will without hesitation buy another one .
 I have had good results with the MMD . I bought it 3 summers ago and use it at the jersey shore . I am only down on weekends so ca n't tell you the daily count but every Sat morning I remove a half full net and drown the little buggers They may dry up after awhile but there are still plenty ready to bite if they are released . -LRB- I fully submerge the net in a bucket of water -RRB- . No , it did not eliminate the mosquito population but it greatly reduced it.It is pricey but we use to buy cans and cans of bug repellents , candles , citronella plants , etc. . And I 'd hate to see what the total price of those items was each summer .
 This thing is unbelieveable ! After being frustrated with mosquitoes and biting flies in my yard , I figured I 'd give it a try as Home Depot was offering one year free financing on purchases over $ 299 . So I brought my Defender home and set it up . Over the next few hours , I kept checking it . No mosquitoes . What the heck ? So I left it overnight . The next morning ... would n't you know it ? The thing was teeming with insects . I could n't believe it!After three days of use , the basket/net was half full -LRB- Mosquito Magnet recommends emptying the net when half full -RRB- . I 'm pleased so far . The manual says it is a long term tool designed to significantly reduce the insect population . With the amount of bugs I am trapping , I 'm devasting the population . Working in the yard is no longer a hassle , it 's a pleasure . For reference , I live in central MA.The only downside I see is the cost of maintenance . But the more I think about , the amount of money I spend on chemicals , bug sprays , cintronella candles ... it probably works out to about the same in the long run . And the difference is this works , the other stuff does n't .
 I live in Atlanta , GA where Asian Tiger Mosquitos dominate the mosquito population . I 'm building a fence in my backyard so I wanted to do something about the mosquitos before I started the work . I could n't step outside without getting swarmed by mosquitos even after I sprayed myself with Off . Before I bought the Defender I did a lot of research and got mixed reviews so I was a little skeptical . I decided to take the chance.The day after I set it up I checked the trap and was unimpressed , it had only caught 2 mosquitos . After experimenting with different locations in my backyard I have managed to find the `` sweet spot '' . It is now sucking in tiger mosquitos left and right and some big green mosquitos also . Whenever I check the trap I see a new swarm of mosquitos caught in the net . I was able to work in the backyard without getting eaten alive . I still spray Off on myself before working in the backyard as a precaution because it does n't rid them 100 % . But it works well enough to where I 'm not swarmed by mosquitos anymore when I step outside.Last night I was able to grill out in the backyard without getting bitten once and I did n't even spray myself with Off . I am using the Lurex3 bait and it seems very effective in attracting the asian tiger mosquitos . I had read about some people finding the Lurex3 ineffective against asian tiger mosquitos but my experience has been good.Also a note to everyone , do n't judge how effective the Magnet is by how many mosquitos its trapping but by whether you 're getting bitten less . I am not filling up the net by any means and do n't think I will . But I am not being bitten anymore which is the important part .4 stars because it is effective but is an expensive solution .
 I have nothing but positive things to say about my Defender . This is the second year I 've used it and it gets better and better . Yes , it takes some time to really get rolling -- about 3 weeks -- but that was less than I 'd been told by the sales gal at Home Depot.This thing really draws in mosquitos in big numbers - it is about the only thing that attracts more than my nine-year old son , who for some reason , mosquitos can not stay away from him . Well guess what ? he no longer hibernates indoors in summer evenings and even with all the rain we have had in the Northeast , the Defender keeps doing the job.I moved the unit around in different places in my yard and have found it works best in the shade . If you do this , keep emptying the traps and change the tanks regularly , you should have a simlar experience .
 Mosquito Magnet really does work -- it just takes some patience on the part of the buyer , and an understanding of mosquito reproduction cycles -LRB- already detailed in other customers ' comments -RRB- . When the mosquito season was revving up in June , my poor retriever got bit all up and down his back and even his tail , and became really sick from an allergic reaction to all the bites , which became horribly infected . I thought it was some awful disease , but the vet said it was mosquito bites !! I had to give him an antibiotic for ten days , and oatmeal shampoo baths to help him get better , and I was afraid to let him out for more than a few minutes because that 's about how long it was taking the mosquitoes to locate him and attack . It was the same for me . I got so many bites I felt like a pincushion and even got a bad headache and slight fever for several days . Moquitoes were hanging out around the doors waiting to get in , and I felt trapped in my own house . That 's when I went to Home Depot to get a `` zapper , '' and a nice fellow who works there mentioned the Mosquito Magnet . They were sold out in almost every place that had them , but I finally located one in a Home Depot north of here , and set it up . It started catching mosquitoes right away , and I was getting one or two dozen every day . It 's hard to count them , because they simply dehydrate and shrink inside the trap and look like little bits of dust with wiry legs after they dry up . By the end of the first week one side of the net was covered with them , and by the third week , my neighbor said she had noticed a decline in the mosquito population in her yard , as well . I do n't really think you can measure the quality of this item by the number of mosquitoes killed -- you can only judge it in terms of whether or not you keep on getting bit . But the real benefit was after the fourth week , I was finally able to go out on my deck in back and enjoy rereshments with friends in the moonlight and throw balls for my dog without being attacked by mosquitoes . It was perfectly quiet , at last , no mosquito whine any more . I have neighbors with a forest in back of their house on one side of me , and neighbors with an enormous garden and small pond on the other side , so I was getting them from all directions . I placed the trap first on one side of the backyard , and then on the other . It only costs a few dollars a week to operate the thing , which I think is worth it , unless you like wearing DEET all over you every time you go outside , and then you still have to listen to mosquitoes buzzing all around you . I have to agree , though , with one of the other customers who wrote on here about the written instructions not being very clear . The diagrams need to show more detail and list every feature so that technologically challenged persons can figure out how to set it up and keep it going . Not all users are guys -- some of us are dumb blondes , but we pay big bucks for this thing , and we ought to get adequate instructions . I also do n't like the idea of the long wait on the telephone for help , and I think the company would keep more customers if they hired a couple more people to do the telephone patrol and keep buyers happy with this expensive product . It does work , though !
 Ok here goes the `` Real Deal '' ... I bought this item about three months ago and purposely waited to write a review . Mainly because the previous reviews are mixed and you may not get a good feel whether or not to buy one.I knew I had to buy it mainly because my daughter has a bad reaction to the little boogers biting her and $ 400 was a small price to pay when you consider how much time and money I was spending on ER visits.We live in Florida on a barrier island and as you can imagine have very many of those pesky buzzards flying around looking around for a place to eat . We put our trap in the back yard because it 's the closest to the woodsy area , we have an empty lot behind us full of vegetation . After two weeks very few mosquitoes were caught , very disappointing actually when you consider the back yard is where I dare not travel unprotected ! But alas , I was bound and determined not to give up , did some more reading and made sure I had the right mosquitoes in our area for the attractant we were using and tried to move the unit to the front of the house were it is a little more open . I figured maybe the breeze could help and positioned it to where the fumes would be blown across my yard and entrance . Success ! I 'm now catching them like crazy ! I would say when I change out the attractant and propane the basket is about 1/4 to 1/3 full of dead mosquitos.Lessons learned :1 . Do n't let the whiners who are bothered by the fact you have to refill the propane tank or put in new attractants and occasionally purge the system with the c02 cartridges bother you when deciding to purchase . Look , you do n't get something for free nowadays , the idea of buying something and then being able to walk away with no upkeep is ludicrous .2 . I should have made the effort to get the bigger model , I live on a 1/3 of an acre but I think the bigger model would have made more of an impact on the mosquito population .3 . *** Most important **** Give the unit time to establish the area before judging its performance . Another words , let it stay in one spot before moving it to see if it 's the right place to leave it.I hope this helps a lot of you in deciding , nothing is the fix-all , but honestly if I can make a dent in the reproductive system of the mosquitoes and keep them at bay most of the time I 'll be happy . Twenty or so dollars every 21 days is a very small price to pay when you are faced with being a prisoner in your own house . Kids tend to go stir crazy a lot faster than adults!Cheers , Chris
 I have to say that the Mosquito Magnet - Defender is one of the best products I have found . Within three days the trap was completely full of mosquitoes and `` no see-ums '' . I also recommend the use of the attractants made specifically for the `` Magnet '' . One attractant came with the unit and others can be purchased separately . It is also very easy to use ; just empty the trap when it starts to get full and there are no sticky glue pads to mess with . The Mosquito Magnet has allowed my family to once again enjoy our yard and our pool even after the sun goes down ! I definetly recommend the Mosquito Magnet Defender to anyone with who has a problem with gnats , no see-ums , or mosquitoes . The only draw back is that there are no guages to let you know when the propane is almost empty . This is only a problem because I believe the igniter will continue trying to ignite with nothing to burn ; thus , shortening the igniter life .
 I have friends who have purchased other `` mosquito control '' contraptions for less money , only to find out that these machines really do n't do the job the way the Mosquito Magnet does . Although Mosquito Magnets may require more upkeep than folks might be used to for a backyard tool , it 's this upkeep that really does keep them working and catching the mosquitoes week after week . Yes you need to change the propane tank , replace the attractant , and clean out the net every 3 weeks , but is n't it worth it for a summer without mosquitoes ?! We have black flies up here too , and it even gets them!I 've never had a bad experience with the product or with the customer service . I also noticed that the company has updated it 's website -LRB- www.mosquitomagnet.com -RRB- , and the customer support section really does have all the info anyone would need to properly set up , place , maintain , and store the trap so that it works well season after season.The bottom line is that this trap does work -LRB- when used properly -RRB- , and it works wonders ! Well worth the modest investment to avoid those annoying bugs . My only `` helpful hint '' is to make sure you buy the right attractant for your area -LRB- they sell 2 - Octenal and I think Lurex is the other one -RRB- .
 It has worked wonderfully for me for 3 years . I would definately buy it again .
 We had the mosqueto magnet for over a month and are very satisfied . It is quiet and was easy to set up . It is catching mosquetoes as expected . We still have some mosquetoes but less than before .
 the service was excellent . the product seems to be working . there are still some mosquitos but no wheres near the swarming plague that we normally get !!!
 Aftere 40 years of slapping these little beasts , enter the Mosquito Magnet . I live in Alaska . A friend bought the larger model and said he was able to sit outside his house for the first time . I have a smaller yard and bought the 1/2 acre Defender . Its been running a week , and I 've dumped 2 full nets -LRB- est. 3 billion mosquitos -RRB- . I also watch , FROM MY DECK , while the Defender happily sucks the hordes up and sends them to insect Hell . If theory holds , after 4-6 weeks the breeding pool should be decimated . I 'm betting it works .
 We have 5 acres - elevation ranges from 23 ft to 42 ft above sea level - with ideal mosquito breeding grounds -LRB- lots of stagnant water , shade and tall grasses -RRB- . Day and night the mosquitos here are horrendous ; even if we only go outdoors to feed the animals or get food from the garden we wear full netting . I bought the Defender early last week , inserted the octenol cartridge , put the unit in full sun -LRB- no shade within 50 ft of house -RRB- powered her up and left it alone for 3 full days/nights . On the 4th morning I removed the trap from the unit . Many mosquitos were still alive and vigorously buzzing but I put the trap behind the exhaust pipe of my car to give 'em a carbon monoxide treat so they would n't escape while I transferred them into a plastic baggie . I set the bag aside to do other things . Much to my surprise , when I returned to it in an hour , I found a lot of them had awakened . So I put their plastic bag into another plastic bag and put it in the freezer . After a couple of hours I took it out of the freezer and emptied the contents onto a newspaper in order to count them . I meticulously separated the mosquitos and carefully counted for approximately 45 minutes - tiring of the task when the number of bodies equalled 2000 . By comparing the pile of 2000 bodies with the uncounted pile , I estimate that we caught between 6000 to 7000 mosquitos during the test period of 3 days and 3 nights . Our conclusion obviously is that the Defender is indeed working as advertised !! I have now ordered the Mosquito Magnet Liberty plus a 100 ft power extension cord in order to extend the protection further into our property .
 The Misquito Magnet did everything the add said and more . Since we put the `` magnet '' in the back yard we are able to use the pool all day and evening without fear of misquitos . It is amazing how many misquitos this thing catches . I was leary of paying so much money , at first , but I am glad that I made the investment . After a few weeks of use , you will agree .
 We can finally eat dinner after 6 o'clock on our deck in the mountains without being bitten alive . We told our neighbor about the Defender ; they purchased one ; and now we have increased protection.It 's easy to maintain and Customer Service has been great . When we had a problem with the machine , we were able to get a replacement immediately.What a relief not to spend relaxation time scratching !!!
 Last father 's day I purchased a mosquito magnet Defender from Amazon.com . I live on the Gulf coast of Texas and the mosquitoes are serious health and comfort problem in the spring , summer and fall . I had no luck with sprays , candle and I got ill using DEET . I read some reviews on the mosquito magnet , saved up my money and got a Defender . At the time we were living in a small condo and a Defender was all we needed . I was very impressed with the performance . The net was not full of mosquitoes on a daily basis but it did do the job ! I had almost no mosquitoes on my porch or in my yard , as did my 2 neighbors . My pets and self were able to be outside without being miserable or being exposed to chemicals.My spouse was a real skeptic about this machine but now is a stauch advocate.We recently moved to a house with a larger yard , however it is not larger than 1/2 acre so we already have our mosquito magnet up and running.The neighbor has asked us about it and is going to purchase one too.I recommend the mosquito magnet to anyone interested in an alternative way to control mosquitoes .
 We live in a 2-acres lot . We installed the Mosquito Defender only in our backyard . Remember this only covers 1/2 acre . Our backyard is now livable compared to our front yard . I see no mosquitos and other biting insects in our backyard , but more of these insects are seen in our frontyard .
 I live in MA next to conservation land and a cranberry bog . A walk to get the paper at the end of the driveway could result in numberous bites . I set mine up in the beginning of May . It WORKS ! No bug spray , hours in the yard on the swing set with the kids - no bites . Six of us in my neighborhood invested in them . We all love it . That being said , the maintenance of the thing is time consuming and difficult . But we have found it well worth the effort .
 I bought my machine 5 or 6 years ago , and looking at this site I saw a wide variety of reviews ; either they love it or they hate it . I thought I 'd throw in my two cents.When I first bought my Liberty machine -LRB- now discontinued , it seems -RRB- I killed legions of mosquitoes . Put quarts of them in zip-lock bags and brought them to school to ask students -LRB- and fellow science faculty -RRB- if they could tell me what they were . No one has ever seen so many mosquitoes in one place before.Anyway , the catch you are going to get varies with the population , which varies with temperature and standing water availability , location , etc. . So there is going to be lots of variability in immediate results . The thing that counts , however , is how much you are being bit up . It takes a while to take effect , because it mainly works by knocking down the reproducing population . It does n't suck the whole yard clean all at once.It can be kind of fiddly though . I am kind of handy working on machines -LRB- being a reformed farmer -RRB- and I spent more than half the day today getting mine going again . It was packed full of dead mosquitoes for some reason . Anyway , it would n't start and would n't start , gave a low-fuel fault code . I spoke with product support twice -LRB- got my call answered in less than a minute both times -RRB- and followed their suggestions . The main thing seems to be a problem when you start with a new tank of propane . They recommend you slowly open the valve after you restart the electronics . I did that -LRB- took 130 second to open the valve fully -RRB- , but it did n't work . Then they told me to only open it 2/3 to 3/4 of the way . Still no dice . It 's kind of hard to figure what 3/4 open is if the valve turns 2 1/2 times from full closed to full open -LRB- yeah , I can multiply fractions . But at what point is it really 3/4 flow ? -RRB- Anyway , trying one last time , I started it up and then cracked the valve just 1/8 of a turn open , and it caught!So , too fiddly ? Yes . It should be designed to start more reliably . Are the items you need to maintain the machine overpriced ? I paid $ 15 today for 3 tiny CO2 cylinders that should cost less than a dollar apiece . But folks , I really hate mosquitoes . I get a lot of satisfaction out of seeing them all dead in one place . Mosquito Magnet has changed corporate hands recently , and I hope they get their act together in the reliability department . But I plan to keep using -LRB- and fiddling with -RRB- mine for the foreseeable future .
 We live in the rainforests of British Columbia and this summer I was faced with the choice of dousing myself with DEET every day or staying indoors . All the usual mosquito repellants/traps were ineffective against the mosquito airforce that descends every spring.Since location , location , location is critical if you want to get results , I was prepared to try several different spots to get it right . However , the very first place I put it in the yard seems to be optimal . Our Defender Mosquito Magnet went into service on June 3 . Immediately it was surrounded by a cloud of mosquitos and no-see-ums . Yesterday -LRB- less than two weeks later -RRB- I changed the net because the original was fouled by the dessicated bodies of thousands of the critters.Although the manual says that it takes four to six weeks to get up to full speed , I noticed the difference in days . I spend as much time as possible gardening and in the last week got only one new bite . -LRB- The week before I put in the Mosquito Magnet , I had a dozen or more bites on my arms alone . -RRB- The manual could be a lot better and the machine does emit a low hum ... but so much nicer than the buzz of mosquitos around one 's head .
 I was looking around and reading reviews for this product . Some people do not like it because they do not catch alot of mosquitoes for them . They are either doing something wrong or they do n't have a serious mosquito problem . We are living right next to a swamp , it is literally in our back yard . We ca n't go out pass 6 p.m. because we will get swarm by all the mosquitoes . We decided to get the mosquito magnet and try it out despite some people 's bad rating . The installing process was a breeze and took no time at all . We got it running and after about a week , 3/4 OF THE NET WAS FULL ! The manual says that it will take 4-6 weeks for the mosquito magnet to disrupt the breeding cycle . It took us a week to catch thousands upon thousands of mosquito . We were so amazed and it 's worth the money because now we can eat outside now and enjoy the weather . I recommend it to anyone who have a mosquito problem .
 This thing really works , it caught about 50 mosquitos and 150 no see ums in the 1st day.I had a lentek eco trap which only caught 2 mosquitos in about 6 days-sent it back .
 I live next to conservation land , and my Mosquito Magnet has caught 1/2 of it 's basket full of mosquitos in less that one 21 day cycle . Mosquitos hover around it all the time.The only downside is that it was hard to get running the first time . It may require level ground -LRB- my first try was at a slight slant -RRB- , and I had problems with getting it to feed from my propane tank .
 The Mosquito Magnet is destined to be one of those indispensible items to have in-and-around anyone 's home . This thing is terrific . Before I got my computer , DVD , and cell phone , I could n't imagine life with them , now I can not imagine life without them . So it is with the Mosquito Magnet.I live in Maine , Mosquito and Black Fly Central . The bugs here are the size of small housecats , and are happy to hold you hostage until you pay a handsome ransom ... of your blood . I researched bug-catching devices and bug killers galore , in Consumer Reports , all over the internet , everywhere . The Mosquito Magnet was hands-down the most-recommended item around . Amazon clearly offered the best deal . Free Shipping , $ 50 off my next purchase , and a free box of octenol cartridges . OK , I was sold.The assembly was a breeze . Turned on the propane tank , plugged the thing in , and wahoo ! I have had it for just three weeks , and upon emptying the bug box for the first time , it was absolutely packed with a solid brick of dead mosquitoes and blackflies ! Ewww ! Thousands and thousands of them ! Unbelievable ! Damnedest thing I ever saw ! And everyone of those little buggers I `` offed '' was one less to bite me in the @ss . And more importantly , one less to survive thereafter , laying eggs and spawning the next generation of little fiends.I have already noticed a dramatic decrease in ANYTHING buzzing about me while noodling around the garden and grill . This little darlin ' works slick as snot on a doorknob ! And my home is on a lake in the woods of Maine , with lots of fresh water and foliage everywhere for the little buggers to live in . Not anymore , thanks to the Mosquito Magnet . I was a skeptic at first -LRB- my wife , too , thought the money would 've been better spent paying a high school kid 10 cents apiece to swat them one at a time ! -RRB- , but now having lived with it , I 'm so thrilled that I 'm telling EVERYONE about it!A caution
 I bought one in spring last year . During a 3 week period , it captured thousands of mosquitos and other small insects . I was not able to count as there were just too many . I did take several pictures of the dead insects . It was a small pile of dead insects on a piece of paper . We felt that there were much less mosquito near my house since we bought the trap and had it running . It costs around $ 19 every 3 weeks to maintain it . You must replace the attractant and refill a tank of propane every three weeks . We never had any problem with it . One suggestion for manufacturer
 I bought my Defender late last season . It worked well . I noticed a lot of dead mosquitos in the net . About 3 weeks ago I noticed quite a few mosquitos so I put out my Defender right away to get a jump start on the season . Since then , I assumed it was too early in the season and the mosquitos were not really out in full force yet . I did not have to use Off and had not yet been bitten . But I am happy to say that the reason for that is that my Defender really works . I do n't have to worry about using bug spray anymore and I can have an organic garden this year .
 Last fall we had alot of mosquitos and they were driveing me crasey after I got the Mosquito Magnet the problem was solved .
 My wife and I live in S.W. Florida and love to be outside and in our pool . It used to be impossible to be in the yard for any length of time do to mosquitoes . We had a screen enclosure over our pool until Hurricane Charlie came through and removed it . We heard about the Mosquito Magnet and several people we talked to loved them . We opted to replace the screen enclosure with an ornamental fence and install a Mosquito Magnet . We installed the Defender unit in 2004 and have been overly happy with the results . Even our neighbor 's have reaped the benefits , to the point where they have given money or propane refills . Your customer support has been great we love the unit and highly recommend it .
 Close to Tampa Bay , and surrounded on 3 sides by wetland conservation land , my yard and screened pool area have been uninhabitable for the first 6 years in my home . In April of May of 2003 I bought a Defender . The day after it began operating the no-see-ums were no longer bothering me when on the patio . After a few days , I noticed I could take the dog out into the yard at night without being driven into the home by mosquitos . Throughout the season it kept my entire 1/3 acre yard relatively clear of bugs . It even captured the biting Yellow-Fly , our version of deer fly , that are such a problem here during the summer . It 's now year two and I began last weekend to use the unit again - over the first weekend caught several hundred mosquitos - it was unreal how quickly the trap filled . I have no idea why some of the reviewers have had such bad results with their units . Could be that they just did n't place it properly , or maybe they work for a rival company , who knows . I can only tell you what I know , that it 's been a life and sanity saver for me and my family .
 My Defender just died after 6 years of catching 100 's of thousands of mosquitos . I had a problem with it when I first purchased it -LRB- would n't stay turned on -RRB- and the company sent me a replacement . Not a single problem since then until now . After 6 years it owes me nothing . I 'm going to replace it with a 1 acre Patriot and see how that goes.If yours turns on , and the light goes solid red , and you 're not catching anything , I suspect user error . You 're either using the wrong attractant or not placing it properly .
 When I moved here eight years ago , the mosquitos were so bad you could n't go out at dusk or dawn , or in the shade during the middle of the day . After doing some research , I purchased the defender . Within a few weeks , they were gone . I 've never had to use it over a couple of weeks during the year , early in spring . It wipes them out early and they stay gone year round . The only complaint I have is that it does n't catch the no-see-ems . They eat me alive at dusk .
 I bought this model in 2004 for my New England home . It is very effective in catching 10 to 20 mosquitoes per night . After a month the numbers dwindled to about 5 to 10 per night . Possibly , because the mosquito population was collapsing . I apply the CO2 cartridge and change the Octenol lure only once at the beginning of each summer . I also turn it off every morning and turn it back on during the evening because it does n't catch any mosquitoes when the sun is shining hot . I have n't had any problems with it breaking down for over 5 years . Perhaps , I got lucky with a good unit . Or possibly , it is because I turn it off every morning and this keeps it from wearing down.Pros
 I live on the Gulf coast and while the mosquitos are enough to keep you from spending much time outside , the yellow flies will make you refuse to leave the house at all . Everyday I would get at least 3 bites walking from my house to my car 20 feet away . After 2 days with the defender running , there was about 50 yellow flies and over 100 mosquitos in the net . It 's been about 3 weeks now , and I 'll come across 1 or 2 bitting bugs a day , and that 's only if I spend half the day outside . We have lived here for about 5 years and this is the first time we have been able to get any use out of our yard . Last month I could n't even cut the grass or hang laundry in shorts ! I have read a bunch of reviews on here that say the defender only lasts 1 or 2 seasons , and if that turns out to be the case , I still think it 's well worth the $ 300 every 1 or 2 years to be able to have full use of my yard !
 I purchased my defender 5 days ago . My back yard is just about uninhabitable , the mosquitos are brutal this year and I figured I would give this a try . I extremely pleased with the results thus far . Over the course of 5 days the mosquito magnet vacuumed up hundreds of bugs -LRB- the net is about 1/2 full -RRB- and when you approach it you 'd better be prepared to be mauled by bugs because they 're all around it.My kids and I are also taking great pleasure in watching the mosquitos try to escape this thing ... hehehe . I think the entertainment factor alone is worth the price . It appears this company has done their homework ...
 Within the first 24 hours our Mosquito Magnet captured and killed 200 + mosquitos . We empty it every day and we estimate that it is killing 300 - 400 mosquitos per day . I have an infant and we have finally been able to spend time outside because we are n't being eaten alive . It has no smell and hardly any noise which is a real plus compared to some of the alternatives . We highly recommend it !
 I was a bit skeptical at first , especially reading some of the customer reviews . I decided to purchase it anyway and give it a try . Boy this thing works outstanding . It is getting about 100 mosquitos per night . One of the keys to the success of the Mosquito Magnet is placement . Make sure you read the enclosed documentation to try and find the best location for it . Honestly it may take some ` trial and error ' to find the optimal placement.I think the real key in evaluating this product is not so much how many mosquitos it captures , but how many bites you get . Since having the mosquito magnet I 've only been bitten once . Matter of fact , we do n't use mosquito/bug spray anymore.I 'm sure performance varies on a case by case basis . Speaking from my experience I think the mosquito magnet is a real winner .
 I purchased the Mosquito Magnet Defender -LRB- MMD -RRB- model about five weeks ago for my parents home on a wooded , heavily vegetated lot in Ohio.Having recently seen a TV interview with a West Nile Virus victim that was nearly killed I felt a strong need to eliminate this risk to my parents , who are at greater risk because of their advancing age.My father likes to sit outside on the patio for hours reading the paper and smoking . Unfortunately , the mosquitoes make it difficult to sit there sometimes . Even so , he is the type of person to brush off the risk and refuse to wear repellent . A prime candidate for West Nile should there be virus present.I had a Defender shipped to their address and was anxious to set it up and start sucking in huge quantities of mosquitoes . I was hoping for spectacular results because I knew they would find out how much the unit cost and question my decision to purchase it.We assembled the unit pretty easily but we did have to purchase a new propane tank before starting . The MMD appears to be a solidly built unit designed for constant exposure to weather.Determining the correct location for the trap is important and the method is detailed on their website . You must also place the trap within reach of an electrical outlet . The cord is quite long but you will need an exterior outlet or a way to run the cord into your house.Upon startup there is a brief warm up period where the status light on the power switch blinks red . When fully operational it turns to a solid red and stays that way until the unit runs out of propane . You can hear a quiet hum from the fan -LRB- s -RRB- . The unit blows a downward plume of warm carbon dioxide and simultaneously vacuums up the air near the source of the plume . The warm CO2 and an Octenal cartridge -LRB- included -RRB- attract the biting insects . The insects hover around the mouth of the machine and make a number of passes at it until they get caught in a mild vacuum and sucked into a metal-screened net assembly . The air stream is strong enough to prevent them from flying out and they struggle to stand up in the net until they dry up and die . The open net is visible from the exterior of the machine through a clear plastic access door . You can check the contents of the trap without touching the machine . The net assembly is easy to empty and is sturdy enough to rinse clean and reuse many times . You 're supposed to leave the MMD run 24/7 to maximize its impact on the mosquito population.In the first couple of hours of operation my unit caught a few mosquitoes and a bunch of no-see-ums . The next couple of weeks were about the same . I wanted to see hundreds of mosquitoes but got a couple of dozen . The propane tank ran out after about three weeks and I had a few dozen mosquitoes , a bunch of no-see-ums and a tiny spider that crawled in to eat on the dead bugs . Not exactly a justification for purchase . But there simply were not many mosquitoes present in the yard at that point in their reproductive cycle.It turned out to be a mistake to measure the machine by the number of mosquitoes in the net . As the previously laid eggs hatched the MMD then captured many of the newly hatched young . Now I am in week five -LRB- end of July -RRB- and the unit has captured about 50-100 mosquitoes in just the last 3-4 days . They appear to be newly hatched young . I am excited to think of all the offspring these insects WO N'T be having and I am reassured that the MMD actually works in the presence of mosquitoes.And this is the key to owning one of these machines . They are most effective over a period of time . Unlike a vacuum cleaner which does it job in just one pass , the Mosquito Magnet takes in the insects a few at a time and prevents them from reproducing hundreds more for the future . Mosquitoes do not migrate so once you 've knocked down your local population it is difficult for them to recover . Having spent a lot of money , the temptation is for wanting a spectacular , instant return on your investment - but that is unlikely . The MMD does catch mosquitoes and probably does so better than other products . But the results are not instantaneous.The real test will be after two or three seasons . If the MMD can create a mosquito free zone for multiple seasons it will probably have paid for itself . Of course , the more you dislike mosquitoes , the more valuable it will be.The downside is the cost of the unit . Is there a cheaper way to do the job ? Chemicals are probably cheaper , but those have a downside too . The MMD works constantly and with no effort on your part for three weeks at a time . It is easier , cleaner and safer than chemicals.Unlike Citronella and DEET , which temporarily repels the mosquitoes only for them to return to bite another day and unlike poison which wipes out the entire spectrum of insects , the MMD selectively kills only biting insects . It permanently eliminates them in an environmentally conscious manner . Other insects are simply not attracted to the machine . The ease and cleanliness of the operation are appealing.I would recommend the Mosquito Magnet Defender because it is promising over the long run . Its design and principle of operation are logical . It does seem to capture a large proportion of the mosquitoes that it comes into contact with and so far it appears to be a good investment.But only time will be the final judge of its cost effectiveness .
 I purchased the Mosquito Magnet on 7/3/2003 from a local retailer -LRB- this was the last one they had -RRB- along with the propane tank and additional traps and attractants . I did not realize that the unit came with a set of traps and attractants to get started.My husband and I own a house in Connecticut on a 1/2 acre with lots of trees ; brush ; gardens etc -LRB- moquito and gnat heaven -RRB- . When we want to use our backyard in the evening we would have to start lighting about 6 or 7 of the Off table top and hanging lanterns about 1/2 hour before and make sure we went inside just as they started to go out -LRB- about 4 hours later -RRB- or risk getting eaten alive.During May , I could not plant flowers in our gardens without spraying myself from head to toe with bug spray and having 2 tabletop `` OFF '' lanterns near me to keep the vicious little critters away . They were like little flying piranhas.I had been seeing these units advertised and thought that they were just another expensive gimmick -LRB- the unit for the 1/2 acre was $ 300 plus another $ 30 for a propane tank and $ 50 for additional attractants and catcher nets -RRB- . I compared it to the cost of the -LRB- OFF -RRB- 3 pack of candles and repellant pads at $ 4 to $ 5 per pack and we were using 2 packs each night and averaged to 6 nights a week during the months of July and August and 3 to 4 nights in May ; June and September . In addition to doing basic yardwork and chores , we have a pool and 2 children.My husband and I hooked up the unit which required very little assembly -LRB- slide the post and `` U '' shaped foot into the stand ; put the top of the unit ontop of the post ; hook up the propane tank ; slide the attractant in the holder underneath and put the net catcher inside -RRB- . No tools were required.The only confusing part , is the note in the instruction manual which states that -LRB- due to Federal Regulations -RRB- the CO-2 cartridges are not shipped with the product . In reading the directions , it sounds as though this cartridge is required to start up and operate the unit.I spent quite a bit of time looking for these cartridges -LRB- similiar to those used in paint pellat guns only with a screw type top -RRB- only to find out that these are not required to start the unit but are only required after the 1st propane tank is empty and every 2nd tank refill after that . Apparently this cartridge allows you to clear out dust etc. from the inside of the unit to keep it working properlyI called their technical service phone # and spoke with a customer service representative -LRB- on Friday morning July 4th !! -RRB- who informed me that the directions were poorly written and the company was working to fix that . The CO-2 cartridges were only needed after the 1st propane tank refill etc. and these can be found in a bike store as they use them to fill bike tires . The representative I spoke with , specifically stated that the screw top is required to make a tight seal and a 12 to 16 gram cartridgeis required.We started the unit and at first all we heard was a slight whirring/humming from the fan and saw the blinking light on the `` ON '' switch . I was not even sure it was working but about an hour later we went back to check and sure enough there were bugs which had been caught.The directions state that the unit will start catching immediately but in order to see a marked improvement it needs to run 24/7 as soon as the temperature starts to be consistently 50 degrees for 4 to 6 weeks so the breeding cycle is broken.If you read other reviews which state that the unit did not work , I am willing to bet that they did not read this part and this is why they are upset that the unit did not immediately clear their backyard . These units are not a vacuums and take time to do what they do.Obviously purchasing this product as `` late '' in the season as we did , there was very little expectation -LRB- after reading the 4 to 6 weeks blurb -RRB- that we would see any improvement but I was wrong . We were able to sit outside without bug spray or OFF Lanterns within a few days.I would like to mention that you need to make sure that the propane tank is turned all the way on or the unit will shut down . When my husband originally turned the gas on , he only did it 1/4 to 1/2 turn and I do n't think the unit was getting enough fuel . We found this out the hard way , I would come home and when I checked the unit the red light was blinking on the power switch -LRB- it goes to a solid red when the unit is working -RRB- . After resetting the propane tank and regulator with the special tool provided I slowly turned the gas on and have not had a problem since.At this time I feel that this was a worthwhile investment . We do n't even know that the unit is there - no noise ; smell -LRB- the OFF lanterns worked fine except for the fact tht they only worked for 4 hours ; they cost a lot and I was beginning to wonder if the smoke/smell emitted from the repellant pad was really something we should be inhaling -RRB- or mess etc. I hope that you find this review helpful .
 The Defender is obviously a well-thought out and researched product - it 's too bad the manual does n't reflect that same level of quality - which is why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars . Thankfully , setup of the unit is pretty much hassle free - unless you 've never purchased propane before . Be aware that if you buy a tank say at Wal-Mart - it does n't come pre-filled with propane . I had to make a second trip to the local Uhaul to get that step taken care of before I was able to test the unit out . Call me stupid for not checking that before I left Wally World - but it would have taken a simple paragraph or two in the Defender manual further explaining Propane 101 for the first time user to eliminate that speed bump all together . Like other reviewers here - I too was confused with the CO2 cylinder issue . -LRB- It 's not needed until after you change out the first tank of propane . -RRB- It 's also a good idea to call your local health department - as smartly pointed out by the manual - to found out the infestation level of the Asian Tiger mosquitoes in your area . Doing so will help you decide whether to install the additional attractant in the unit - which can repel the Tiger . I included the attractant on the trial run - because I could n't remember swatting an Asian Tiger before -LRB- you can find pictures of this flying demon on the internet -RRB- - and still caught plenty of mosquitoes.In the first 24 hour period the Defender sucked in 156 mosquitoes from our large backyard . I know it caught that many because I counted every last one of them on a piece of paper with a toothpick ! -LRB- My kids say I really need a life . -RRB- A quick peek this evening into the unit shows another 50 or so of the blood suckers buzzing around inside the catch net . I suspect since tonight is warmer than the previous evening - I 'll collect upwards of 200 before this 24 hour period is over . -LRB- Watch this space for updates . -RRB- Assuming a 150 a night average catch rate over a 6 week period that 's over 6000 egg laying females that will have bought the farm . Of course the big question in my mind is how big is the average population in a given size yard or area ? If it 's 5000 females ? - then we 're talking a potential population collapse - if it 's 50,000 ? - then it 's pretty much a waste of time and money . I 'm also concerned about when the winds come sweeping down these Oklahoma plains bringing in more of their buzzing brethren into my yard . What then ? Will the Defender ever really be able to make a dent in our local mosquito population before I spend a fortune on propane or convince the neighbors -LRB- or our whole town -RRB- to do the same ? I guess as the manufacturer says I 'll only be able to tell by the bite count in a couple of weeks . If we can play croquet without the mosquitoes snagging one of our mallets and carrying it off - I 'll be a happy camper.The manual says that you should leave the unit running 24/7 for the best results . However , at least in our area we rarely see a mosquito during the day unless you are out in the woods but they come out in droves in the evening . So I 'm thinking we could effectively double the life of the propane tank but shutting the unit off during the day while we 're at work and only running it in the evening . Doing so is a simple two step process and could save you money in upkeep costs . -LRB- Update
 Do n't use the Octenol cartridge for Asian Tiger Mosquitos because it repels rather than attracts them . Read and follow the placement directions.After getting 6-15 bites by those nasty critters everytime I went into the garden and being held prisoner indoors for a few months , I decided to spend the bucks on the Defender . My husband was skeptical , but I was desperate.Initially , it was n't properly placed and I thought that I had made an expensive mistake . After we read the placement directions , viewed the CD and moved it to the recommended area of our yard , the Tiger mosquitos flocked to the Defender to dehydrate and die . We have won the battle with the Asian Tigers and now are using the Octenol cartridges to catch the everyday garden variety mosquitos.We started using the Mosquito Magnet on July 1 and are very happy with the results . We still have some mosquitos and I get bitten every now and then , but I do n't have to coat myself with OFF and I can enjoy a cup of coffee or a glass of wine in the garden .
 I bought 2 of the 1/2 acre defenders . One I put out back in the woods . That one is catching to beat the band . After one week we sit out on the pool deck at night and no mosquitos at all . I have bushes along the back of the yard and when I watered them I was getting bitten alive . After 2 days of the magnet running only 1 mosquito tried to bite me when watering the bushes.The magnet out front is a different story . It only has caught 3 so far and we are still getting bitten when sitting on the front porch or playing basket ball in the driveway . I think I have it too close to us . I am going to try moving it to the side yard and see what that does.One catches hundreds and works great , the other seems to do nothing . Go figure . At least I can sit out in the back yard after 5pm and not feel lilght headed from donating blood .
 I 've had my battery powered MM for about 7 years and I 've also encountered the well documented non-start issues . I 've found I can re-start the MM every year and after every tank if I follow these precautions and additional steps.Use the clean out cartridge . One cartridge should be enough . Then , take this very important step . Shake out the water in the regulator line AND regulator . You 'll notice a tiny hole on the side of the upper portion of the regulator . Tap this against your hand for as long as liquid comes out . Spend extra time with this as it will pay off.Then , apply the reset tool to the tank AND regulator -LRB- as per MM directions -RRB- . Do this at least twice ... more if necessary . You can stop after you no longer hear the hiss from the tank.As an additional pressure precautionary step , screw the regulator on and off twice.Finally , make sure the MM is close to a level position . If you have the rechargeable battery type , as I do , you have to make sure you charge for about 18 hours . This will ensure the battery does n't give out before the MM powers up.Good luck . These extra steps pay off for me when I 'm having trouble getting the MM started . It 's worth the effort because I 'm in the woods and it allows me to enjoy my back yard.The science and effectiveness is worth a five rating . The extra maintenance takes this down to a four star rating though .
 Close to Tampa Bay , and surrounded on 3 sides by wetland conservation land , my yard and screened pool area have been uninhabitable for the first 6 years in my home . In April of May of 2003 I bought a Defender . The day after it began operating the no-see-ums were no longer bothering me when on the patio . After a few days , I noticed I could take the dog out into the yard at night without being driven into the home by mosquitos . Throughout the season it kept my entire 1/3 acre yard relatively clear of bugs . It even captured the biting Yellow-Fly , our version of deer fly , that are such a problem here during the summer . It 's now year two and I began last weekend to use the unit again - over the first weekend caught several hundred mosquitos - it was unreal how quickly the trap filled . I have no idea why some of the reviewers have had such bad results with their units . Could be that they just did n't place it properly , or maybe they work for a rival company , who knows . I can only tell you what I know , that it 's been a life and sanity saver for me and my family .
 Everyday it catches 50-60 mosquitos -LRB- 75 % regular 25 % Asian tiger -RRB- , Obviously mosquito population is decreased in our back yard because we are not having mosquito bites any more . I am using Lurex3-OD-3 for asian tiger , this attractant is working for other kind of mosquitos as well . Mosquito magnet placement is very important . You have to read the placement explanations very well . -- UPDATE -- I gave 5 stars to this item BUT it worked only one season , I found the faulty part but customer service said that they are not selling the parts seperately . -- Do n't buy --
 I 've used this product for several years and have had great luck . The trick is to get it going early in the season and keep it going as per the instructions . The reduction in mosquitos is evident and much safer than using sprays . I have three Magnets serving a larger parcel of land with wetlands and they serve their purpose well .
 I bought the Defender with some reservation . I now am glad ! This thing works like a charm . It 's been a month and I just changed the tank . I am also using the Lurex attractant for the tiger mosquitos in my northern Virginia area . It makes a big difference . I started the unit up with the octenol . While I waited for the Lurex to arrive , I caught nothing for 2 days except a few small gnats . I gave it only 4 stars -LRB- It should be 4 & 1/2 -RRB- because the placement of the trap is tricky and they do n't give you a real good explanation . I 've tryed it close to the house , in front , out back , and now it is on the side . All positions have caught alot of mosquitos , But none have covered enough ground to protect my whole lot yet . The house I think is interferring , But the cord is n't long enough to reach the shady area of the back yard . Keeping it in the shade is important ! So all in all it was a good buy.Chris in Alexandria
 I bought this Mosquito Defender yesterday at Home Depot on sale for $ 190 and placed it in my backyard ... I have n't checked the filter to see how many the Defender has caught , but what matters to me is that I have n't got bitten since and can enjoy being in the backyard now . I do get bitten in the frontyard as soon as I step out of the door , so that 's how I was able to tell that the Defender in the backyard is really doing its job.I strongly recommend this product !
 This product worked well for me . I live in Florida , on a bayou , where mosquitos are a big problem . The Mosquito Magnet definitely reduces the mosquito bites my family gets . I 've had one of these units for several years . Every year or two I 've had some difficulty with starting the unit , but the company has provided good support . I recommend this product .
 This works . We are adjacent to a forest preserve . At night we could not sit outside because of the mosquitos . Once the Defender was up and running there were no more `` bite '' problems .
 I purchased a Defender to donate to my son 's preschool this year because he was coming home with 3-4 nasty mosquito bites a day . Me being somewhat paranoid but at the same time smartly defensive of my son and the other wonderful children at preschool needed to figure out a way to sell the idea to the lady who owns the daycare.To make a long story short let me list the steps I took in educating the teachers and literally eliminating all mosquitoes in the yard using a Defender and Prevention .1 . -RRB- After talking to the owner of the daycare it was nice to find that she had wanted to buy a Mosquito Magnet Defender but needed to save up for one .2 . -RRB- I shortened the wait by purchasing a Defender the next day but not before going out into the dark , tree covered moist woods and removing old tires , lunch bags , cups , trays and all kinds of things filled with stagnant water and hatching mosquitoes at a alarming rate .3 . -RRB- I then saved a plastic cup I found in the leafs near the sandbox area that has mosquito larva in it and brought it to the teachers to show them that all standing water must be removed from the yard and woods , they agreed .4 . -RRB- I then setup the Magnet out behind the shed right at a fence where the mosquitoes come out of the woods and across the lawn.Results :1 week
 Summers in Interior Alaska can be brutal with the swarms of mosquitoes . The first night the MM ran it must have caught a couple hundred of the little blood suckers ! I can usually expect a bite or two -LRB- or more -RRB- by the time I walk out to my car in the morning , but now I make it without a single bite . This is just the beginning of our mosquito season and I 'm already impressed . I 'm even considering buying another to expand my new mosquito-free zone !
 I read these reviews before I bought a Mosquito Magnet Defender , and , though there seemed to be some disagreement as to whether this machine actually works , I found that Consumer Reports liked it , so I decided to shell out the money to buy one.I just set up the machine in my backyard on July 3 after reviewing the placement assistant on the included instruction c/d . It was very easy to set up -LRB- once I had the propane tank , it took about half an hour including 20 minutes warm-up time -RRB- . Mosquitoes started swarming around the machine after it had been running for an hour . In three days I 've emptied the trap twice . I counted over 100 mosquitoes each time -LRB- a tip
 My friend has one of these , and I thought like all of these contraptions it would n't work . However this one works . It produces a little heat , and you can see the bugs swarming otward it . I did n't feel a bite the entire night . We are going to order one of these , because they work magnificently . Definitely recomended !
 I just bought a Mosquito Magnet and I have to say I 'm very impressed . The first night it caught 51 mosquitos , the second night it caught over 200 , and the third night about the same . Already it has reduced the population so much that I did n't get get a single bite last night on our patio , which is a miracle around my yard . Where you place it in the yard makes a big difference and the CD that comes with the unit shows you exactly where to put it . I can highly recommend this unit to anybody . It works for me .
 We have owned the Mosquito Magnet for one Houston summer , and it has caught hundreds of mosquitoes , especially Asian tiger fly mosquitoes . It does n't seem to catch no-see-ums as well , even with OCT-3 . Our backyard is about 2,500 sq ft , mostly lawn , and the Defender performs adequately . The latest attractant , OCT-3 , really makes a difference compared with the old versions . Do n't get lazy about cleaning the propane nozzle with the carbon charger before you refill the propane tank ; otherwise , it takes forever to start the machine . The Mosquito Magnet takes some patience and investment in accessories , but we feel that it has made our backyard a bit more bearable . Keep buying the bug spray , though !
 I was disappointed with the first propane tank 's worth of usage when using an Octenol sent cartridge . For the second tank , I switched to a Lurex-3 sent cartridge and wow what a difference ! For mosquitoes in Austin , TX , Lurex-3 is the way to go.A hint when resetting the valves prior to a restart . Make sure that you close the valve on the propane tank very tightly prior to resetting the valve system . I spent a very frustrating hour trying to restart my Liberty until I figured out this requirement .
 I 've had the Defender model for 4 years now and it has performed as advertized . I live in the Deep South and have it located on a covered deck next to an entry door ; it makes a big dent in the number of the biting insects -LRB- not just mosquitoes -RRB- that get into the house and loiter around the deck area . I did have a warranty adjustment right out of the box with the first unit but the factory sent a replacement quickly and I 've had solid performance from this unit since . The unit is A/C powered but restarts by itself in the event of a power interruption . I would n't expect these products to completely eliminate biting insects from a given area but they do suppress their numbers effectively , in the 90 percentile range , and are worth the investment .
 We love this machine . This is the second one . They work even better now that we switched to the Lurex3 instead of Octenol . We live in Oklahoma and the entire West side of our home is water . These machines allow us to enjoy being outside . Before we were eaten alive and stayed in the house .
 Very happy with the speed in which these items were delivered.Well wrapped and exactly what I was expecting . Will order fromjoebonsai again .
 I already had a blue umbrella with a white pole and needed a second one to match as much as possible . The other umbrella cost $ 400 and is definitely higher quality than the California umbrella . However , for the price it was a great deal and met all of my expectations . The material is pretty thin and the mechanism sticks a bit , but overall this is a very good product .
 This is a beautiful umbrella it 's well made the color is just what we wanted . I would recommend to anyone .
 My husband wanted me to make him covers for our boat seats . These were a lot cheaper and better than what I could have made . I sew a lot and make him lots of things he neeeds , but why bother with this quality and price !!!
 C.E. Smith Helm Chair Cover - Soft White Vinyl w/VentsThe product met the deascription perfectly , was priced right and was shipped on time . They are perfect for keeping the new seat cushions we purchased free from the elements and should help them last a few years longer .
 I ordered this seat cover after trying others that did n't fit . This was clearanced out , it only cost me a few bucks ! Its nicely sized , and so far , seems to do the job just great .
 I bought three of these seat covers for my silverton bridge seats and they fit perfect easy to get on and off . Also the packing and shipping was fast , Thank You
 It is a good product . It works well on my captain and fold down chairs . I would recommend it for anyone .
 This is a replacement for the one which was on the front porch of our house that burned down Feb 2012 . It arrived early . It is in storage since we still are without a home . I trust that it is of good quality because of the pictures , the description , and because , so far , Amazon has NOT failed us in the replacement process . Thank you , also , to All Things Cedar for using Amazon ; I just sit at home & search . It has made the process so much easier on us .
 Very nice upgrade from umbrellas I 've purchased from local stores . The fabric seems sturdier , and the center pole and mechanism work smoothly and feel very solid .
 Very pretty deep red color but has started to fade slightly after only three months . Easy mechanism to open and close . Very sturdy in the wind so far
 The California Umbrella with Black Pole and Beige in color did not disappoint . It is made of a good quality material with a solid black , push button tilt/hold that works smoothly and looks good . It was packaged well and arrived without damage . I am very satisfied with this Umbrella .
 Although this heat plate seems expensive , it is worth dishing out the extra bucks on the stainless steel . Stainless steel far outlast the OEM porcelain plated steel . Most likey , if you insert these in your grill , you wont have to replace them again .
 This was a good replacement purchase that has extended the life of my current Charbroil Grill . The price was 30 $ cheaper per plate -LRB- compared to local stores and other web sites -RRB- . It was also delivered on time . I am happy with the purchase
 This is a great sprayer for what it was designed for . My only problem is that the carry strap pictured was NOT included .
 Very nice once I completed putting it together . Would have helped to have had better instructions . Some parts did not fit correctly , had to measure and recut a couple of boards .
 I love my new well !! The only comment that I really have , is that I wish they had shown more detailed pictures . It took 2 weekends to get it together . But it sure is beautiful !
 I use these stakes quite often , to nicely anchor some edging I have around patches of plantings and flower beds . They 're easy to use and they do not lift during the winter when the frozen ground can cause `` heaving '' . A great product !
 I used these metal stakes for the black landscaping edging to keep the grass out of my flowerbeds . If you do n't want to have to dig it out because it heaved up over time , use these . These metal stakes combined with good edging should last up to 50 years . A few things to note about edging installation :1 . You want to pound these in as close to horizontal as possible . The flatter the angle , the better .2 . You 'll have to dig a small area around where you want to install the stake so you have room to pound it in flat -LRB- horizontal -RRB- and room for the hammer to swing .3 . Install these stakes with the tab facing down .4 . These stake are n't very sharp , so you may want to cut a starter hole in the edging -LRB- preferably BEFORE it 's in the ground -RRB- so you 're not pounding away at the stakes all day -LRB- like I did -RRB- . I 'm sure there are a lot of uses for these , but for installing landscaping edging , they are FAR superior to the cheap plastic stakes most edging comes with .
 great product at a great price , and deliver time was short . would do business with them again . Would like to know what else they have I could use . Thanks alot .
 This product replaced an original heat plate for a DCS grill . The original had deteriorated , was brittle and had big holes where the briquettes were falling through . Tossed the old one in the trash and put the new one in place . Have had it over a year with no issues . Great replacement product .
 I have used this mower for several seasons now and it starts the first or second pull and runs great . I cut the high grass behind our fence with it and it will mow it right down and not clog up and this is tall grass at times . Of course I change the oil twice a year and keep the wheels and other moving parts lubricated and it does fine .
 I did n't realize that the ceramic rods came in different lengths based on the grill size . I am able to use these shorter rods but will be sure to specify DCS27BQR next time to get the longer rods .
 the mower arrived quickly , was easy to assemble -LRB- actually pretty much came pre-assembled -RRB- , and started right up . i have used it several times now and it does a fine job .
 I was concerned before this lawn mower arrived that I had made a mistake & purchased something I was going to have turn around & return . How could a $ 115 lawn mower be any good ? Yesterday morning I took it out of the box & mowed my yard -- a yard with ankle-deep patches of clover . My yard now looks excellent !! I am extremely pleased that this mower could handle the job just as well as an expensive mower and would definately recommend it to anyone looking to buy a new lawn mower .
 I found the product to be `` more '' than I expected and it runs great !! It 's actually fun doing my lawn now ... I am extremely pleased with my purchase , the timely manner that it was shipped and am looking forward to my next purchase on Amazon !!
 This is a humdinger of an inexpensive push mower.Minus 1 star only for not having a throttle control .
 I do n't know where , when or how it happened , but I noticed the right rear wheel spindle was slightly bent while I was assembling the lawnmower after it was delivered . I tried to bend it back , but to no avail . Other than that , I filled the engine with oil and gas , pushed the primer bulb3-4 times , and it started right up . I 'm not sure about the factory pre-setting the throttle . You never know when more or less engine speed is desired . Other than the aforementioned , I 'm pleased with the lawnmower .
 I bought this mower on sale for 69.00 +20.00 shipping and a 10 % coupon after that.Excellent mower and i got an Excellent deal .
 I was pleased with the timely manner in which my mower arrived . It required no assembly . Put oil and gas in and it started with one pull . Cutted great and easy to push . Great Lawnmower !
 this mower has no extras , but it 's a solid machine.The engine has plenty of power to mow my st. augustine lawn . so far , it 's been smooth and reliable.out of the box , the wheels had to be straightened into proper alignment , which i did by hand . otherwise , no complaints .
 Well I ordered my Poulan Pro PR65Y21RHP , and received it in 3 days , great job Amazon/UPS !!! When I did receive it , the carton was wet , and oily , and I feared my new lawnmower was broken . Just a punctured bottle of motor oil that is supplied for the crankcase . I assembled the handle , filled the crankcase with what was left of the oil supplied , plus a little from a bottle I had from a new gas edger I had left over , wiped off all the excess oil that had been splashed on it from the punctured oil bottle , and filled it with gas . 3 squirts on the primer button , and 1 pull later , and it was running !!! There was some initial smoking from the exhaust , but I attributed that to the engine assembly lube burning off the rings . A few minutes later , and no more smoke !! I too had a bad impression of the handle , being too flimsy . I observed it closely after reading the only other review , and came up with a repair . Being in the auto repair industry for so long , I thought if I could keep pressure against the handle , where it mounts to the deck , and the hair pin , all would be ok . One trip to our local `` real '' hardware store , and a purchase of 2 compression springs , and 2 3/8 washers , installed on the posts behind the hairpins , and that problem was easily cured !!! The mower is a heavy one when it is filled with gas . It rained that day , and I did n't get to take it for a test drive around the yard.The next day , after work , I cranked the 6.5 HP Briggs & Stratten powered Poulan Pro , and off I went !! I needed a wheel height adjustment , but that is all this exceptional mower needed . There is no idle adjustment , and I feared being dragged around the yard with the 6.5 HP mower . No problem though , just a smooth , effortless walk around the yard !!! I had originally set my mind on a similar Craftsman model , but when I called to verify price , and availability , their lawn and garden `` professional '' patronized me , and I hung up on him , and typed Amazon in -LRB- please see my other reviews concerning Amazon 's stellar customer service personel -RRB- . This was a great buy , and an even better lawnmower !! I hope this one lasts 30 + years like my old trusty Murray 3.5 HP Briggs & Stratten self propelled !!
 Have used item a couple of times this fall other then having to lift the unit into my shed lawnmover weighs about 80 lbs it seems to be built well enough , negitve side is has no throttle or speed control basicly you start and walk behind it . really not much of a problem . verry please merchant shipped mower in a timely fashion
 Having had a Sears mower for over 15 years I chose thePoulan mower mainly because I had the Poulan blower/vacwhich really impressed me . The Poulan mower appears to beequally as good and after using it twice , I 'm satisfied.The large wheels in the rear makes it very easy to make aturn or move around trees , etc. . With free shipping andno sales tax , this mower was a great buy .
 this is a great mower and practical . no complaints on the moweronly problem was the shipping . the packaging is poor and ups had to repack the mowercheck thourghly the package contents when recieved
 Seems to be a very good mower . Had it 3 months and runs well and easy enough to move about and it mulches well . Seems solid enough . Have n't had the test of time yet . Not as loud as most gas mowers .
 This lawnmower is great . It has high wheels in the back , a bagger , mulcher , side discharge and a self propel motor on the front wheels . It has a very powerful 6.5 hp Briggs and Stratton engine . It started on the first pull out of the box and has been going great ever since . I would buy from Poulan again .
 It is a good versatile machine . Whether you bag , mulch , or side discharge.The only downside is getting in tight places it is a bear to turn it around or back up . You also need to take corners wider or leave a tuft or grass on the corners . All in all , I recommend it over push mowers .
 I purchased this mower when it was on sale . Iam very pleased with it 's performance.The only probablem I had with it was when you pushed down on the handle it would fold I just unhooked the handle and spread it apart then when I put it back on it was ok .
 This is a Heavy Item and SHOULD NOT BE SHIPPED via United Parcel Service . Especially where customer service is secondary . -LRB- Is a D - mentality acceptable everywhere today ? -RRB- The delivery person dumped the lawnmower up-side down ; in a crushed , re-taped box ; so badly mangled , that the second layer of shipping tape was all that held the package together!Upon opening the package , my wife discovered just a small dent on the mower deck . Much cussing and gnashing of the teeth ! I asked the wife if she wanted to have me return the mower that she neglected to sign for . She said no , the dent was only cosmetic . OK by me.She puts the provided oil into the crankcase , fills the gas tank , and pulls the starter cord that comes out to it 's full length and just lays there . Much cussing and gnashing of the teeth ! I asked the wife if she wanted to have me return the mower that she neglected to sign for . She said no , our son was visiting today , he would fix it . OK by me.The sound of much cussing and throwing of my tools comes from the garage . I hobble out with my walker ; calm my son ; show him the wonders of tape , zip-ties , and fishing twine . The starter cord and recoil spring are back together , the mower starts and growls like a hungry bobcat . My wife rants and raves that I should have returned the ` defective ' mower two days ago ! `` What 's that ? '' , I say over the sound of the engine , `` You mean this mower that you neglected to sign for two days ago ? '' She said , `` No , the dent was only cosmetic . `` OK by me .
 This is a very eazy way to shop you do not have to leave your home and it is shipped to your door and I ` AM really pleased with the quality oh this lawn mower.I will continue to shop this way .
 Arrived in a reasonable amout of time -- price was great ; Will use in the Spring
 -LSB- Poulan Pro 42-Inch 20 HP Yard Tractor #PB 20H42YT -RSB- -RSB- This is on tough tractor . When I saw the weeds in my daughters 1/2 acre plus field I said `` We are going to need a bigger tractor '' always loved that line from Jaws . The weeds were thick and up to my armpits . The tractor would not start after the 1hr recommended charge , we had to jump start it . It did a great job on the weeds . We ran over a piece of carpet the dog had left in the field that we did not see . That stopped it dead and we had to jack it up and remove it , big job . I did not know if the thing would start after the abrupt stop . It started right up , that night I put a trickle charge on the battery over night and it started right up the next morning . You must remember to deflate the tires otherwise no traction and lots of slipping and sliding . Must say I 'm very pleased , ca n't wait to get the tiller behind it and see how it does .
 I was pleased to find this old favorite ! It arrived in excellent condition as it was packed very well in a double wall heavy cardboard box . The plant was in a pot with soil -LRB- very moist -RRB- , included a 3 prong stake , plastic cover for pot and the plant had lots of leaves . It appeared very healthy . It 's now planted in a place of honor in my garden and doing very well -LRB- new leaves within a weeks -RRB- . I look forward to watching it produce the lovely little pale pink flowers . Highly recommend this seller for this plant .
 I received this beautiful plant on my porch . When I opened this package , I could n't believe what I saw in that package . It was so gorgeous , healthy and I saw a bud that produces a beautiful rose . They wrapped and boxed the plant so beautifully . It was worth every pennies of it . I had this type of plant before but I moved across USA . I wanted one so badly that I was so happy to get another one . This Cecile Brunner Climbing Rose produce beautiful and delicate pink roses plus the scent is overwhelming wonderful . Thank you so much for this beautiful plant . I love it !
 This rose came potted so there was no shock during travel from Ca . to Ky. . Beautiful plant , well established and is growing new limbs already ! I am very pleased with this purchase . The owner is awesome and answers all emails and concerns too !
 This product is very easy to use and has worked well in the past on my spa . Seems to protect inside of spa well , but could dry more thoroughly .
 Man , this made hot tub cleaning easy and made it look like new ! Definatly recommend ! great stuff ! Best Price and fast service !
 This little frog fountain filled a need for a small fountain with controlled water stream for my small -LRB- 40 gallon -RRB- pond , one that would n't empty the water in the wind or if it tipped . It is metal rather than resin , with a stable base , and the water streams into the middle and does n't blow sideways . I already had a pump and 3/8 inch aquarium tubing -LRB- not included with the frog -RRB- , so setting it up was easy . I 'm happy , and the pond frogs and fish are even happier .
 When I opened the box , aside from having to unfold the handle bars , fill with oil and gas , and adjusting the wheels , I found a completely assembled ready to use mower . I meticulously only had to tighten the mount for the key start . I readily started mowing my lawn for the first time with only having to skim through some instructions . -LRB- Of course , skipping the first 5 pages of jibberish mentioning something about warnings , etc. -RRB- No priming needed and started after a couple of turns of the key . Worked pretty good for a small yard . I was concerned I would have issues with the added weight of the front wheel drive , but the feature worked quite well even though I thought previously it seemed like a dinky unneeded feature . If you 're older and without kids , I find it 's well worth the extra money now for the front wheel drive . -LRB- If ya got kids , then have them get a work-out on a mower without front-wheel drive . -RRB- Key start is also a nice feature if you use the mulch bag while mowing . Reason being , frequent starting and stopping of the mower engine is required for emptying the bag after only one or two laps.So far , I 'm glad I just buckled-in and got these extra features . While I was in the store , I was quite concerned whether or not I really needed these extra features including the key starter.I also love the mulch bag because it 's extremely light and easy to carry and also extremely easy to attach to the mower!Two features missing , would be an adjustable throttle -LRB- for going slow over over-grown tall wet grass -RRB- and a little tiny led light on the battery to show whether it 's actively being charged or not . -LRB- If my store would have had the cheaper PO500N22SH mower model I was researching , I would have bought it instead of this one . But it was also without a mulch bag . So , I would have just been cutting and then not having a need for the electric start to empty a mulch bag . I would also probably be really tired right now to from all the manual pushing !!! -RRB-
 The electric start is great . I am still getting used to it . I have used it twice . It 's very heavy compared to my old mower , but it does a good job.The seller had it here within just a few days .
 This lawn mower is by and far the easiest to start of any lawn mower I 've ever used . I had a battery-powered cordless mower before , and this one is even easier than that one was . Just turn the key and it goes . It does need to be charged beforehand -LRB- the battery is not charged while the mower is running -RRB- , but once it was , I was able to start the mower over and over as I cut my yard . I do suggest reading the manuals beforehand , since not following the maintenance schedule can void your warranty , but it is fairly minimal for the most part . The autowalk feature is great , although mine needed some fine-tuning to work correctly . Once it 's right , though , it 's hard to call cutting the grass yard ` work ' anymore . With a key start and autowalk , I barely had to do anything other than walk behind the mower and keep it pointed in the right direction . It 's so easy , that I came home from work last weekend to find that my wife had cut the entire yard.I 'm coming back from a little kick I was on where every yard machine I owned was battery-powered , so I 'm impressed with the power of this mower . I do n't know how it compares to other mowers , but it beats the life out of a battery mower . It powered through the tallest grass in my yard without skipping a beat . I did have a little trouble keeping the side-discharge attachment on while going back and forth through tall grass , but that is more my own fault for letting the grass go too long , and besides is a very small gripe about a great lawn-mower . When I bought this lawn-mower , the price was considerably lower , and there was a price-break on shipping , so it came to about $ 220 shipped . Later that week , I saw the price had risen considerably , so I do n't know if there are better lawn mowers at the higher price , but at the price I paid , there is nothing that even comes close . I am very happy with my purchase , and this item is highly recommended .
 The Poulan Pro 22 Inch 625 Key Start Mower is the best all-purpose lawn mower in its class . Combined mulch and non-mulch features allows for practical and convenient seasonal lawn mowing options . Adjustment of mower height is accurate and easy . Grass bag is included with the product .
 I 've had this mower since 2008 came in a long box with delivery from Fed-Ex Heavy Duty.Starts very easily with key if not prime and pull the rope and it will start.If my Toro does n't start then i go to the Poulan this is my backup mower.Uses very little oil everytime i mow is somewhat heavy to push and control.I have mulched and bagged very impressed with the performance of this mower.To sum up , this has not let me down yet and i think that is great sure comes in handy for a dependable mower ,1 that you can rely on.I would highly recommend this mower , if you need to replace the Charger Plug for the Key Start you can find it Through Sears Parts Online.I accidentally destroyed mine but i found the replacement.Also you get a good leg workout with this mower.Update : It is now the year 2012 and still no serious trouble with this lawnmower except for 1 thing , battery failed will not charge up with the charger anymore.Another expense I had n't figured on , it still works when you prime and pull the rope everytime without fail and not to many pulls either , i 'm ok with that .
 The product was exactly as advertised , and exactly what I needed . I tried searching the local stores -LRB- Tractor Supply , ACE , Home Depot , Lowes -RRB- , and nobody carried the product that I needed . I turned to Amazon - who had a relationship with Northern Tool , and they had what I needed . The product was delivered when they promised , and it was the product that I ordered . My `` kudos '' to both Amazon and Northern Tool !
 I have only used the dethatcher once so far but it seems to work very well . I think the secret will be in how much weight you place on the dethatcher itself . You do n't need much but a small amount seems to help . Now I just need a pull behind sweeper to pick up all the junk this thing brings to the surface .
 This is my second purchase of this 48 inch dethatcher . I purchased the first one around 1998 and decided to buy this second one as a tandem unit to be towed behind the other one.I am very satisfied with this manufacturer 's product and Agri-Fab 's service department . I broke a few tines in the old one last fall and this spring -LRB- they just got old after so many years -RRB- and ordered replacements online from Agri-Fab . Cost was very resonable and deivery time was very good.There is considerable `` bounce '' of the dethatcher if towed too fast so ground speed must be kept down to eliminate this . I use two patio stones in the weight tray , secured with bungee cords , for weight on the dethatcher . This does a good job keeping the tines in contact with the lawn for dethatching.The manual raise/lower lift arm is a good feature to have for crossing driveways , transporting , etc. . This feature is not included on some other brands .
 Assembly took about 40 min and was easy . Just follow directions to bolt it together.It works very well to dethatch the lawn . I use 2 patio blocks for weight . You need to experiment with what weight works best for your lawn.Too much pressure and you can tear out the grass and too little will not bring up the thatch.A good product from Agri-Fab . You do need a little extra room to to store this 48 in unit . In hindsight the 40 in wide unit may have been the better choice for me . When towed behind my lawn tractor , I ca n't reach the lever to lift or lower the tines . This is not a big deal . I simply hop off the tractor to adjust the tines up or down when necessary.I also have Agri-Fab 's tow behind rotary spreader . I 'm very satisfied with their prices and quality . Replacement parts are easily available from their website .
 Took me about 90 minutes to assemble this product . Instructions were very clear and there were no missing parts . Tried it in my yard and it works great with 2 concrete blocks for weight . I use rubber tarp straps to keep concrete blocks from moving or falling off . Would recommend this product to any do-it-yourself person for lawn care .
 Great little machine , does exactly what it 's supposed to do.Consider very carefully how you 'll use this prior to buying . If I had I 'd have purchased a different style dethatcher . Specifically , yes , it does a great job of bringing up the dead grass , etc. from your lawn and leaving it BEHIND the tractor . Now what ??? You have all that ugly laying on top of your grass . OK , now it 's time to hitch up the lawn sweeeper and pick it all up . So , you get to travel around your yard a second time which results in twice the gas consumed and twice the wear and tear on your tractor . If I were doing it again , I 'd have purchased a front mount dethatcher for the tractor , that way , in one trip you can dethatch and sweep , or dethatch and mulch if you have a mulching deck and are so inclined . Alternately , you can get a dethatcher which mounts on the front of your lawn sweeper and also accomplish the job in one pass . Repeat , consider carefully how you 'll use it.Agrifab is a great american company , have many of their tools . Customer service ca n't be beat , OK , they do n't have an 800 number , but they do n't leave you hanging forever , and the folks you talk to are very knowledgable on their products.Ev
 This works great removing the top thatch from my lawn . However , I did find a very similar 40 inch thatcher from Sears for $ 68 . Half the price , but 8 inches shorter . Have to do the math to see what is better . Factor in the free shipping from Amazon . If you have a local Sears store , you do n't pay for shipping either . Good buy , but not a great buy .
 Worked just like we wanted . aerates , dethatches . Just hook onto the back of your garden tractor and off you go !
 Excellent product for the price . It was delivered on time and in perfect condition . It took about 40 minutes to put together . Very please and definately recommend .
 My wife ordered this and says it works very well for roasting &#34; cajun &#34; nuts and other baked goods . She likes it .
 Perfect for cookies and breads . Grids just the right size . Easy to store and to keep clean . I highly recommend these to anyone who bakes
 For draining drying dusting or whatever , this square mesh is the best answer . Ladder like grates often have too wide spacing for good suupport of your baked goods . The half pan size is small enough for most ovens and even for small tasks easy to use . For larger tasks nothing can beat it in the home kitchen when paired with a half size baker 's sheet pan
 Perfect for my pans ! Soft , hot cookies do not seep through the small squares on these racks like they did on my old single cross-wise wired racks . I do run them through the dishwasher and although they did turn colors , a rainbow of colors , they did not rust . Love them !
 This is exactly what we needed and is sturdy and I 'm sure we will get many years of use from it .
 Fit perfectly inside my half sheet pans . . Now I can oven roast potatoes or anything else . I can also put fried foods down to cool/drain without having to waste paper towels . Very happy with the size and strength of these .
 Love this piece . This screen added new functionality to my existing high quality jelly roll pans . The metal is high quality and heavy .
 Good quality , great value , have not used it very much yet , but think I am going to like it a lot
 I have been looking for this size cooling rack for a long time and could not find any that fit the half sheet pan.They fit perfectly and are nice and sturdy .
 Received this product and have used it for cooling cookies , sheet cakes , setting up a fried food draining rig -LRB- it fits inside a half-sheet pan perfectly -RRB- , and roasting peppers.Yes , roasting peppers.In a bind and running behind , I placed it over a pair of burners and used it as a grill for blackening the skin of 12 green peppers I had planned to use for a dinner party . I thought it was ruined , but it cleaned up nicely with a soak in soap and water.One heck of a multi-tasker ! Dimensions -LRB- for those unsure of what a sheet-pan is -RRB- : Full Sheet Pan
 I followed Cook 's recommendation in 2008 and bought this to go with the Lincoln half-sheet pan in their review . I wanted two things
 This cooling rack is wonderful . It is sturdy and fits exactly into the half sheet pan I ordered with it . I bought this based on a recommendation I saw in Cooks Illustrated Magazine and I am glad I did . At first I was n't sure that there would be a noticable difference between this and the cooling rack I already owned , but I was wrong . After I compared them side by side , I gave my old rack away .
 We bake lots of breads , cookies , pies at our B&B and ranch store . Having these racks that fit in a commercial 1/2 sheet baking pan is just the ticket . If you put them in a pan , then if you glaze , or dust or whatever , the toppings do n't fall all over . Plus the lip of the pan is a tiny bit higher than the rack so things do n't go sliding off when moved .
 I bought the cooling racks to fit two half sheet pans that I bought at the same time . Since these were slightly less money I was concerned over the quality of construction . But was pleasantly surprised to discover how sturdy they are . I air dried two 21 pound turkeys on them , plenty sturdy . After cleaning I found a stack of pots/pans sitting on one and rack was n't bending at all . I have n't tried them in high heat , but I do n't doubt they 'll do well . Easy clean up , no tricky spots to clean , they fit in dishwasher , too .
 Timothy rated this 1 star as he said he did not know the dimensions.The dimensions are clearly described above : Cross-wire grate so cakes , cookies and pastries do n't fall through wiresWelded at end of each wireFits inside Half Size Sheet Pan or 13 x 18 Jelly Roll PanMeasures
 I use this wire cooling rack for several things . Although I seldom bake I often use it as a cooling rack for french fries , toasted raviolis , potato chips , and other deep fried items . Believe it or not , I also use it in the oven . When I want to bake something evenly I use this rack to allow the hot air to circulate around it.This wire rack is well made and I have never had a problem with it rusting or failing in any way . I would have been happy to pay more if it was designed to be heavier . I am always willing to invest in kitchen products that are designed to last for years and years . Although this is a decently constructed rack I will continue to look for one that is made even better .
 These racks fit perfectly the half-sheet pans I picked up at the restaurant supply store . I 'm still not sure why the supply store did n't carry cooling racks to fit the pans they were selling , but I was glad to get these racks as a gift for Christmas.So far I 've used one of these in a pinch to replace my broiling pan to cook some boneless chicken breasts , set inside a sheet pan . It worked great , just as I expected . Cleanup was easy , just a little hot water and a wipe with a sponge . I 'm hoping to pick up a couple more to have handy when baking.They work great , look great , clean up great , not too much else to say !
 Product was as described . Happy with quality . Great for cooking bacon in the oven . Also works great for baking chicken .
 I wanted a rack that I could use inserted in my half-sheet pan for roasting in the oven . After multiple uses I 'm happy with the quality and value .
 This is a good quality wire cooling rack . It can also be used in the oven . Nice crome finish . Easy to clean .
 I wanted wire racks that fit inside a commercial size cookie sheets and these work perfectly ! I also purchased the Silpat mats that fit the pans perfect as well . Here 's the link for those.DeMarle Silpat Nonstick Silicone Baking Liner , 11 x 16-Inch
 I had been using a couple of square cooling racks which worked , but my racks were starting to warp since they really were n't meant for the oven . This rack is holding up great and fits my 1/2 sheet pan perfectly . It was recommended by America 's Test Kitchen , I love their reviews and they really seem to test things out very well .
 So glad I was able to find these cooling / cooking racks . I have recipes that require a baking rack . Could not find these in any of the stores in my town . Have n't used them yet but so glad I now have them . Fast delivery . and good description .
 professional grade , easy to clean , and versatile.use as cooking rack in the oven , or as a cooling rack for baked goods . fit neatly in half sheet pan .
 Love the rack . It is well-built and strong , and does ' t take any more room to store than a flimsy one !
 This very sturdy cooling rack fits half-sheets perfectly . They seem to be dishwasher safe and are less expensive than other brands , but just as effective . Who could ask for more ?
 I have looked at many stores to find a sturdy rack to fit my half sheet baking pan and could n't find it . Racks were either too big or too small and then on America 's Test kitchen they reviewed it and I was sold . I ordered two of them and am finally very happy with it .
 I purchased this rack about 3 weeks ago , I 've already used it many times , for anything from cooking BBQ ribs , to icing sweet rolls . I just may get another ... delivery was on time and price was reasonable , product is indispensable .
 I bought this rack to fit inside the Lincoln Foodservice half sheet pan and it does fit perfectly . It 's only had about a month of use but is sturdy and serves it 's purpose .
 Very nice and well constructed rack , especially for the price . Someone said that the rack bowed in the middle under the weight of cookies - they must have been made of concrete ! I will buy more .
 I love this cooking rack . it a great size and gets the job done . But then again how can you not love something Cooks recommends .
 Ever buy something as a cheap gift that turns out to be so much more than you expected ? This is one of those items - my wife got lots of cool and pretty things for Christmas , her favorite are these $ 5 cooling racks . Excellent quality , excellent value !
 This rack fits perfectly in my 1/2 sheet heavy duty baking pan ! Finally , a company that ` gets it ' regarding racks and pan sizes ! Nice heavy duty rack , received in a timely manner at a great price . Could n't be happier .
 I see this item used on America 's test Kitchen . Great value for the money . Very well made . Used it under the broiler and it worked well .
 I was looking for a large cookie cooling rack so I would n't have to piece together several smaller ones in order to help cool one or two batches of cookies ! I also hung it on my wall in the kitchen to take up less space than it would in the cabinets . Not much to say except it does the job !
 This rack is a fine choice as both a cooling rack and for baking -- it fits inside a standard half-sheet pan . It has but two supports so it is not as rigid as one with three legs but this is easily the best priced cooling rack you can find for its size and design .
 Its a decently constructed cooling / bake rack . I have had it for a week , and I Use it for cooling Breads , Cookies , and pastry . The mesh is finer than I had thought , but still easy to wash in-between . Sturdy enough to hold about 10lb of Bread Loaves . Fits perfectly in a Half Sheet pan . Lastly , the item came slightly Convex ; ie it has a `` crown '' in the middle . I just bent it ever so slightly .
 good product . fits your half size jelly roll pan . does n't sag in the middle . great for roasting too . fairly priced durable item .
 What can you really say about a cooling rack ? It is nice and sturdy , fits the pan perfectly and is easy to clean . No signs of rust on it after 6 months of regular use . Nice product
 My only regret is that I do n't have more ! I find myself reaching for these often . They are very sturdy and I 'm sure I will have them forever . Four would be a good number to own , so you can cool all your extra large cookies at one time , and anything else you may be baking . They fit perfect in the sheet pans for baking chicken , pork chops , any meat that you want to be crispy all around . These are very sturdy . I highly recommend these .
 Would have given it 5 stars if it had n't started to show small rust spots at some of the welds after about a year of use . Still work , though .
 Excellent product ... well made , we use it for broiling regularly over a baking pan -LRB- spray w/Pam for best results -RRB- as well as for cooling cookies and the like ...
 I was told that I most likely would not get this in time for the holiday and I did - what a pleasant SURPRISE . The tracking of this item was great as well . Good seller .
 My trusted cooking racks disappeared during a house move . I have n't had a chance to use this rack yetbut am very pleased with the design . No more cookies slipping through the cracks!I do n't anticipate any damage to the metal , since I wo n't be putting the rack in the dishwasher.I should , however , have purchased two racks , since two make it easier to turn a cake out of the pan to cool . -LRB- Note to self
 I have gone through a few of those other folding tables with the chairs attached that `` claim '' to seat 4 adults . Maybe they mean 4 adults but only 1 at a time?This Lifetime table is just as sturdy as their full size tables , with the chairs being made of similar construction . Everything folds up neatly and has a carrying handle attached . The seat looks very sturdy and can easily hold 4 adults if you want to be cozy since it is not very wide . But it will comfortable seat 4 kids or 2 adults which is just what I needed.The box arrived damaged like maybe it was a return but the table was in perfect condition .
 I purchase this item for the simple reason its storageable . I have a patio out front and the last thing I wanted was to have patio furniture to stack/store and tie down for the fall and winter season . The table and bench is great for my wife/I and 1 yr old . Best part its easy to fold and fits perfect in my shed closet . The price was cheaper through Amazon than through the manufacturer .
 This is a great table for the price -LRB- and it even comes with benches ! -RRB- . I wanted to use it as a cheap alternative to buying a desk , and it was a solid purchase . I only wish it were a bit larger and a bit more stable . It 's sturdy enough , but it just shakes a bit when I type on it . But that should n't be a problem if using it for recreational purposes .
 As a homeowner -LRB- not a software engineer -RRB- , the software is indeed easy to use and fits my needs well.In response to some earlier comments ... First this timer uses A , B , C programming for all zones . This allows you to put different watering requirments to selected zones . If you have one zone tied to more than one A , B or C program it will run each of them . If you want to switch back and forth one zone to run separate programs , you will have to reprogram that zone to that.Second , the ECXTRA has an automatic circuit protection to prevent timer damage from an electricity overload . When this happens , an error message of FUSE is displayed . -LRB- There really is no fuse in the timer , though . -RRB- This lets you know that you have a faulty solenoid or pump start relay . On page 37 of the instruction manual , this is explained .
 I bought this controller/timer by itself , and then bought Toro 's Schedule Advisor software that comes with a ` TimePod ' . The software makes programming this thing a snap . You 'll need a Windows PC running XP or earlier -LSB- at the time of this review -RSB- to use the Schedule Advisor software . They have released a beta version of the Schedule Advisor software that works on Vista -LSB- at the time of this review -RSB- . Programming manually is just as mind-numbing as on any other controller . You really need to know what you want to do -LRB- e.g. , 12-minutes for the grass , 20-minutes for the drip along the garage , 15-minutes for the shrubs along the driveway ... but only every other day , etc. -RRB- The manual interface is just as good as any other ; there are no surprises there . The buttons and dial are cogent and easy to use . The LCD is good with lots of icons to indicate status . Wiring is a snap with easy connectors and easy access . Best of all , the Ecxtra comes with non-volatile RAM inside . This means you do n't need a backup battery in it . The Ecxtra will retain your watering schedule * for years * with the power disconnected . Yes . Years . The only thing you need to do is reset the date and time after a 24-hour loss of power , but that is no big deal to accomplish . The Ecxtra is easily expandable up to 10-zones by clicking in a small 2-Zone module . So , if you buy the 6-Zone Ecxtra you can expand it to either 8 - or 10-Zones with either 1 or 2 additional modules . The modules are sold separately.I titled this review `` Get the Schedule Advisor Software , too '' , because that 's what I think you should do if you want to use this controller to its maximum potential . It takes the mind-numbing programming process and tosses it out the window . If you have the software , it asks you very simple questions , and you give simple answers , and voila ... a watering schedule.You take this schedule and download it from your PC into the `` TimePod '' that comes with the software package . You then take the TimePod and connect it to your Ecxtra where it downloads the schedule , and you 're done . The TimePod looks like it is actually just a USB memory `` stick '' with a USB connector on one end -LRB- for upload from your PC -RRB- and a proprietary connector on the other end -LRB- for download to the Ecxtra -RRB- . It 's really quick and easy to use . Probably the easiest part of the whole Ecxtra experience . The Schedule Advisor software takes your geography , weather patterns , system setup -LSB- drip vs. sprinklers -RSB- , etc. into account . You do n't have to be a meteorologist , though . Just know your Zip Code and you 're good . It also has an internet link to -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- on newer versions of the software -RSB- that lets the controller grab local weather information and incorporate it on its own , if you like , or you can program it yourself ; your choice . It 's not hard at all , and it 's kind of fun.The software interface looks a little dated -- like an interface you might have seen in the Windows 95-98 timeframe , but it 's functional and not all that bad unless you 're a computer interface purist.Be aware , though , that earlier versions of the Schedule Advisor software had some bugs . I faced this problem . The CD that came with my standalone Schedule Advisor software/TimePod had v. 1.0.48 on it . If your retailer has had the software on their shelf for longer than a year , you may also find this to be the issue . Toro has a forum website , though -LSB- Edit
 One of the classiest products of its type I have seen . This is the fourth sprinkler system I 've installed and this is a standout
 I 've had the timer for about two months . Easy enough to program , with more than enough time/zone options . I was using an old lawn genie , which in comparison , worked like a dinosaur . So far , I 'm glad I got it .
 Interesting as after installing one zone did not work , only one zone . Then I noticed the display was showing FUSE ? WTF ! Only after searching the internet did I find a review here at Amazon which indicated what it was . The manual that comes with the product DOES NOT HAVE this information you need to insert the CD that came with it and read it there.The FUSE indicates some type of problem with the solonoid ? Great it worked on the last controller fine and the only reason I replaced the old one was it was a pain in the butt to program and it seemed to lose programming often . So I get this one and now it 's not working on only one of the areas?It 's a great timer besides all this as I wanted the ability to not have to re-program after power loss , etc and the little USB connection works great . I run the program , setup my zipcode and such , setup the zones for what they are , either grass or shrubs and then save it to the USB type device . Take the USB type device to the timer and plug it in and press a button.I have an open Toro ticket in regards to the FUSE as it 's strange that my old timer had no problems and now this one does . I 'm sure I will figure it out.Again love the product as I can progam timings on the PC and plug it into the controller ! Great job !
 This timer is what I was looking for and is as advertised . It does not have a battery backup however . The product was delivered quickly and in excelent condition .
 I am not a Bonsai tree collector and perhaps this would be obvious to someone who has been into this art . However , I bought these pebbles for a different intended purpose and was unpleasantly surprised that they are very small . The picture is a magnification of what you get . In reality , the package I received was about 3 '' x 2 '' and the size of the pebbles approximately 2-3 mm or 1/8 inch or even smaller . If you have imagine the size of aquarium gravel that is fairly fine grained , you will get a sense for the overall texture that will be created.The color of the pebbles is a beautiful natural looking brown and they have a bit of smoothness and luster to them . I imagine they would look beautiful under a Bonsai tree , but you only get enough to do one plant . This seems a bit expensive to me , but this is not my hobby area and perhaps this is the going rate .
 they are ok , i havent used them tho , the bag looks a lil smaller than the one pictured but how can i compare , its only a few bucks so im not bash the seller .
 I 've had this reel for about a month now , I 've used it several times , and it does its job , I like that it winds the hose up nicely . FYI , I have a 100 ' hose in it.The handle seems...so-so , it seems to be the weakest part ... it has n't broke or anything , but it would n't shock me if it did ... but anyway ... its a good hose reel , nuff said .
 This item is a must have if you want your hose neatly stored away , and it even has a storage compartment under the top for all your hose attachments . This is the second one i owned . The last one i had lasted for 10 years .
 this is a good hose reel . the suncast i replaced was better made than this one . i like this because it had wheels , same as other one . could use a handle to move it around easily .
 This product makes it easy to reel in the hose and guides it unto the reel . The storage tray under the top cover is a great place to keep hand tools . Overall , a great value .
 Excellent product . I like the bin because you can store a lot of accessories in it . I purchased a hose hideaway with a bin several years ago and really like having a bin to store accessories in . I searched all of local our home improvement stores including Home Depot , Lowes and Menards and they only stock the models without the bin so I was very pleased to see this on Amazon for the same price it would be in a store . I would have given five stars but the only downside to Suncast hose reel products is after about 3 years the part where the hose attaches comes loose and slides out making the unit worthless . I purchased the part that comes loose but the new part just slides out too .
 This is a direct replacement for the previus one I had for about 10 years . The handle is up higher than some other models making it easier to wind . The top storage is very handy also . Great to see that it 's still Made in USA !
 If you plan to crank this like you 're starting a Model T Ford , you 're going to break it . It 's not an industrial item . You 're paying for a home use item and that 's what you 'll get . I think other reviewers are torturing this thing and it will not deal with it . Obviously you can let it freeze either . Nice item . Works well . Treat it with care ... it 's all plastic .
 Had to purchase several hose reels over the years . This is the best ever
 This is a fantastic product to reel in hoses without tangle . However , I have had several parts come apart or not fun ction properly.The hose fitting popped out , and the handle does not latch .
 Works great.I have 125 foot of hose on it . Storage tray is easy to remove and holds all your watering tools .
 I have owned Suncast hose reels for years and this is one of the handiest with the storage bin . Holds a lot of hose too and pretty easy to wind . Does need replacing about every 5 + years or so -LRB- esp . if in sun -RRB- as something cracks or breaks eventually .
 This hose storage has everything I wanted . The geared crank makes rewinding the hose very easy . The hose guide spreads the hose evenly across the real . The storage bin is sturdy and makes a great place to sit for long watering sessions . As for the complaints that it eventually leaks-the instructions remind you of the need for periodic replacement of the O-rings .
 I have purchased several of these both for my use and as gifts . Nice features . Avoid trying to reel in a long section of hose without helping it a little by pulling the hose closer to the winder . Excessive force on the handle can break the reel .
 replaced a broken one.works great.very pleased with purchase.I recommend to others.Easy to assemble and easy to use .
 This is the best hose reel , with ample storage for garden equipment and gloves . It lasts for years and years ; just remember to change the washers once a year for leak-free use .
 It works very good . I have 150 feet of hose on it , and it rolls up very easy . I really like the storage area under the lid . My old one I always had things laying on top and was unsightly , and this one you do n't take notice to sitting on the porch . I am very happy with it .
 Purchased another for a second location . Just like the one I that I have had for about 5 years ... Excellent durability and function .
 this is the third hose reel i have purchased - all three the same type with hide-away trey-only neg . is color of top of reel - i bought fusion paint and painted the top to match the roof color - a good buy and would recommend to anyone - brent
 This is the second Suncast Hose Hideaway I 've bought . I keep the first one in the back yard - - this was for the side yard . The Suncast Hose Hideaway with Smart Trak Hose Guide makes it incredibly easy to rewind a large amount of hose . I 've had those `` automatic '' hose rewinders but this Suncast with Smart Trak Hose Guide is actually easier to use and much cleaner . Having the bin on top keeps miscellaneous items -LRB- washers , nozzles , gloves -RRB- handy and out of sight . This is a great product . I can unwind the hose to water plant containers and then rewind it completely in my dress clothes and shoes for work and not get any water or dirt on my hands , clothes or feet . It 's that clean and easy to use .
 The Suncast Hose Hideaway is terrific . It 's tall , so you do n't have to bend way over . The storage unit inside is just what we needed . Case is durable , product easy to use . Hose unwinds and then rewinds with ease . We were n't able to find anything like this at the hardware or improvement stores in our area , but Amazon came through for us again .
 Had purchased a previous hose hideaway from Suncast . The lid never fit properly on the unit and the hose got tangled almost every time in use . This one is different so much better than the other one . It is constructed well and upgraded to where it 's near perfect . Very happy with this one .
 We had a previous item that was similar to this made by Suncast and over many years it just wore out ! We tried to find a replacement at many , many locations and no one carried anything like it anymore . We even went to the Suncast web site , but they do n't sell to the public ... now that is a problem ! We found this on Amazon and the price was good and we received it in less than a week . Overall we are very pleased with the item , although we wish the wheels were larger which would make it easier to maneuver . There were a few `` marks '' on the hose guide/bin , but they were cosmetic and since it sits outside we kept it . I would recommend this item to someone who wants to store their hose away , as well as store some of the nozzles and other outdoor hose equipment with it ...
 The product was good , the sale process simple , the delivery was on time . All good reasons to place future orders here again !
 I recently purchased the Suncast Hose Hideaway #STB 200B and am extremely happy with it . My favorite thing about it is that it easily rolls up 100 feet of hose with one finger . The only hard part was hooking the hose up and I can not get it to quit leaking where the hose from the faucet connects to the Hideaway , but other than that I love it . Would definitely recommend it .
 I ordered this to replace a near identical unit -LRB- Had a green lid as opposed to brown -RRB- . I loved how easy the old one made it to store plant fertilizer , grass seed , etc and keep 150 ' of hose neat a tidy . It was so simple to wheel the whole thing in the shed when winter approached and wheel it out when spring emerges . Unfortunately , the old one broke a plastic part that kept the reel attached inside the unit . I only hope that the new one lasts at least twice as long as the four years the old one lasted . Great form , I just wish they would `` ruggedize '' the reel portion to insure it functions for a long time . Heavy duty metal reels are just not attractive and few offer additional storage .
 I love this product ! No more onerous rolling up the hose . It 's easy to crank in the hose without its getting tangled.Works great . I have two -- one that swivels and one that rolls . Both are so much better than the old reel wind-ups that I used to have .
 It 's such a pleasure to have your hose just reel in and wrap itself around the wheel and all you have to do is crank the handle . Before it was wrapping the hose around the hose carrier and tugging and pulling the hose in . This unit has a small compartment on top which you can store hose connections or other outdoor tools you may need . A pleasure to use .
 Its pricey but worth it . My old Suncast that I purchased from Lowes did not have the helpful hose guide so it kept bunching up and making it impossible to reel in without sorting it out . This one is large and I do n't really need the extra storage bin on top but I can see how others might like it . This was exactly what I was looking for , just wish the price was n't so high .
 This is the second one I bought . The first one lasted for several years , do n't remember when I bougut that one . The crank handle did break this spring on the first one . I bought a replacement & then , about a month ago , something supporting the hose drum broke & it was hard to crank the hose in . It would be near impossible to disassemble it & make repairs so I bought another to replace it . I love the way it cranks in the hose evenly across itself & the large storage bin for nozels , washers , etc. I notice this one is constructed a little differently from the first one . It has fewer ribs moulded into the inside walls & lid . The lid is a bit less stout than the first one.All in all , if it holds up as long as the other one did , I will be pleased.By the way , I did disassembel the old one & it was not pretty . Even if I had bought replacement parts for it , I would have destroyed it to get the old ones out .
 I purchased this hose hideaway to replace one that I had for 20 years . This is the exact duplicate of my old one that I truly enjoyed . The only reason it needed to be replaced was because a contractor who was doing some work on my house , accidentally broke the handle . I had looked all over for a duplicate and had a hard time finding the same hose hideaway , until now . I love the storage container inside the lid to store all my hand garden tools . I have a 100 foot hose and it stores it so nicely and is very easy to pull out when needed and also reel it back in . I would definitely buy this again and again , if needed . They are manufactured so well that I expect to get another 20 years with this one .
 We bought this to replace the identical hosereel which we 've had for several years . The spool broke , our fault probably by winding too much heavy rubber hose . A great product , reels smoothly with no snags , and a nice , deep storage bin . Just do n't put 100 's of feet of hose on it .
 We use 4 of these hose boxes around our house . They are sturdy and attractive and make pulling out and reeling in 100-foot hoses as easy as possible . The Suncast company is great to work with . If you do need a replacement part for the hose box , just provide the serial number and date of purchase and most parts are covered under their warranty and will be shipped to you free of charge , even if the hose box is 5 years old ! The Suncast website is excellent to use and identify the part you need . This is a truly great product that I highly recommend .
 Good quality product . This is my second purchase of this item . I have been satisfied with the function and durability .
 We had bought one many years ago and loved it . It had broken recently and I was heartbroken . Other hose houses did have the storage are like this one and the quality is really good .
 My husband always had to reel in the hose with our old unit but this new Suncast works so well I can reel in the our long heavy duty water hose with ease . Love it .
 This was a replacement for the same item that lasted 6 years . It would have lasted longer had I not overloaded it with too much hose . I also use the heavy Sears hoses that probably did n't help . It would be great if I could get this same design using heavier materials . Regardless love the storage area where I put all my connections .
 My husband bought this hose reel for me as a birthday present . Every day when I go out to water the plants in the yard , I just sing his -LRB- and its -RRB- praises . The Suncast is so easy to reel up ! The hose does n't get tangled and I really like the nifty storage on the top . It holds all the attachments we use for the hose and is even big enough for our water sprinkler . It keeps the front yard , next to the porch looking tidy . I would recommend this hose reel to anyone . And , BONUS , its made in the USA !
 just what I ordered it came on time and works perfectly . I already have one and this one I bought for my mom she 's 84
 Love this ! Love the storage tray and that the cover is dark brown . It reels very nice . The overall unit is slick .
 THIS IS THE FOURTH HIDE AWAY HOSE REEL I HAVE PURCHASED . I LIVE IN A HOT AREA . THIS IS THE BEST UNIT TO BUY TO PROTECT YOUR HOSES . AND THE SMART HOSE GUIDE IS GREAT , ALWAYS ROLLS THE HOSE UP EVENLEY .
 Halloween is always fun when my family gets these cute trick or treaters to stuff full . Go out back and instead of filling their tummys full of candy we use leaves . It 's a very easy to do decoration and can be done by the whole family . The best part of this decoration is not only does it clean up my yard but it puts me in the spirit of Halloween without having to go crazy on the decorations .
 I am very pleased with this feeder and so are my hummingbirds . It works perfectly for keeping the ants out . The draw back is that it is harder to see the hummingbirds with the dark blue glass than it was with my old cheap plastic clear one . In my mind that is a very small defect in a terrific looking hummingbird feeder .
 This not only looks very attractive but it also works great . It has been getting lots of use and is a great asset to our house .
 This cart comes unassembled with pictorial instructions for assembly . It is the first unassembled item I have bought that had no written instructions . I must state the pictorial guide is very well displayed and I was able to get the cart assembled in two 1/2 hour sessions . The cart is UTILITY made . It is not going to last if you toss rocks and concrete in it . Heavy items need to be placed in it . It is good for dirt , mulch , yard waste , leaf pick up and such . There is a seam in the center of the bed running long ways . I think I will cut a piece of plywood for the bottom , just to make it easier to clean out . I would not leave the plywood in when storing it due to moisture collecting.Overall , a vey good by @ 159 for a UTILITY cart .
 I live in a condo community , have a small yard and a small `` common '' front yard so I did n't want a big spreader . I bought another brand that is green which failed to work well . This spreader was so easy to use and worked very well . I would recommend this to anyone with small areas to cover - easy to use , easy to load and spreads evenly . If mine died , I would buy another . I am impressed .
 I was trying to figure out how to spread wildflower seeds , which are spread at a very low rate , much to low for any settings on my normal broadcast spreader . I saw this on Amazon and thought it looked to be worth a try . The adjustments proved to be easy , and after a bit of experimentation , the spreading of the seed proved to be very easy . It is easy to clean , since it is all plastic . I found a real useful tool !
 It does a good spreading job , but you should put the setting at the lowest level or your bin willempty very fast as it spreads too much at the higher level .
 After doing some research and reading a ton of reviews , I took a chance on this spreader . Works GREAT !!! perfect , no need for gloves or anything like others claim on their reviews . No special techniques of pressing the trigger before hitting the crank . Simple to use , just press and crank , nothing else ... The only con I give it is that if you have a big area to feed you will be doing a few trips to your bag as its capacity is not that great.Other than that , I recommended it for sure !!!!
 This broadcast seeder/spreader works exceptionally well for my use . I had purched one of the popular `` green models '' of another brand and had to retrun it because the gears continually jammed if fine material was broadcast as it would enter the gear box . The Earthway 3400 works smoothly -LRB- no gear problems at all -RRB- and the settings are easily made with the separate adjustment mechanism . My one and only disappointment with this unit is that the hopper is much small than I expected and frequent refills are required if you use it for a good size area . I would have given it a 5 star rating if the hopper was larger . As a side issue , the shipping and delivery was extremely slow . It took something over three weeks to receive this seeder/spreader after ordering it with free shipping -LRB- combined with another order -RRB- .
 The product is cheaply made , but what do you expect for seven dollars . It worked perfectly to seed my lawn .
 Works as described . No problems whatsoever . Spreads seeds evenly and has an adjustment on the amount of seed you want for it to dispurse . I would definately recommend .
 I have had hand 3 different types of spreaders by scotts , and two other manufacturers one blue and one brown . This is the best one on the market . It my mind there is nothing wrong with this spreader . When you actully look at this spreader vs Scott 's in person you can tell the earth way is built stronger and will last longer the Scott 's looks cheep next to the earth way .
 Seems like a well made belt , time will only tell if it lasts it fit was the same lenth as the other belt .
 This belt appears to be an excellent product - I have not installed it yet . The quality seems to be better than the Sears original . The cost , including shipping from `` AMC Parts Store '' , for this belt and another ordered belt ordered for the same lawn tractor were less than either belt would have been directly from Sears . The belts were received in about 3 days even though the shipper was about 3000 miles away suing standard shipping . I would gladly order again from this same supplier .
 I am a spray tech and use the 4 gallon version of this sprayer and can tell any who sprays that this is one of the best one I have sprayed with.The pump is in the tank an is a top pump which means that if and when the seals go bad you wont get a bath from what you are spraying from leaking from the bottom like all tanks that have the pump on the bottom.It is more compact as well has cotter pins that hold the the pump handle and and where it connects to the pump for easy breakdown for repairs.It also has a brass wand and spray nozzle unlike many others that have plastic wands that breakGreat deal for this price
 Works but you must clean it weekly depending on how dirty your pond is . Eventually it gets so thin that you have to throw it away .
 It took me a while to find these . The effort was worth it . The width is perfect for the large flower boxes I used them for . The paint is still intact after a 1 1/2 year outdoors . I highly recommend thes flowerbox holders .
 Nice product . Easy to install and so far holding up well . I 'm usually not too fond of plastic , but this product looks pretty on my cottage .
 This is just what I was looking for as a backup filter for my pond pump ! Great product , great service !
 Great product ! Just what we needed ... our other one lasted over 10 years ! This is a very well made filter and would buy again .
 This filter is used for a submergeable pump for a water fountain and works quite well . It 's only disadvantage is that the animals climb into the water and tear the filter apart . It would be improved with a screen over the unit .
 Does the job . If it were larger -LRB- more surface area -RRB- and a little more rigid , the time between cleaning could be lengthened considerably . Not too bad though . In our pond , we get about 2 weeks or more in the summer , an easy month in the cool weather .
 I purchased the Pondmaster 190 a couple years ago . I have a pond only 8inches deep and i 've had problems forever in trying to filter it . I 've lost many stocks of fish due to minor lapses in other cleaning methods . However that filter i 've never had problems since.It offers biological and mechanical filtration but no chemical filtration . So if this method is critical in your pond i recommend avoiding this filter . However for me , my water chemistry is usually not difficult to maintain so i 'm less worried about chemical filtration.I 'm not sure what the manufacturer recommendation is , but i change the media every six months , but with that it requires either monthly or fortnightly cleaning and rinsing of the media.So if buying new media is easier that 's a better option.Regardless this is an excellent product -LRB- both the filter and media -RRB-
 This replacement filter works great in my pond . It is very easy to clean . And it 's nice to have an extra set available
 looked everywhere for this product and finally found it here . My original one was getting pretty ragged , glad I found it .
 Works great with the pump , nice to have a spare when you change filters . I have two pumps working to keep my 250 gallon pond clean .
 its a foam filter ... . works great , more than what I needed so I am happy to have backup .
 I was so desperate to find replacement filters for the small pump that I purchased for my garden pond . The filter has to be cleaned regularly because of silt and fish food that settles to the bottom . My fish and I thank this company for its product and the quick and easy filling of my order!Brenda Tripodes
 Looks great in the yard and it has accommodated at least 4 sparrows on it at once .
 While I was away , one of my Koi developed a terrible infection and a large sack of pus collected under his skin . I love that little guy and did n't want to loose him . The the pus sack burst and got into the water ... billions of germs released into my pond.Meanwhile some of my Koi developed white spots all over . I did some googleing and decided to clean my pond up big time . The combination of PimaFix and MelaFix , both by this company , was recommended . Long story , short , I got everyone fixed up including my beautiful fellow with the pus . He had a hole in his side with no skin on it . I was sure he would die , but the combination saved his skin ... litterally . It has now grown back and he 's a happy swimmer .
 I have a large -LRB- 450 gal -RRB- freshwater African Cichlid tank . If you have a large tank it is much cheaper to buy aquarium water conditioners , medications , etc. made for ponds . The only difference it that the chemical is more concentrated so you end up using less/gallon . I generally use Pimafix if I see any visible damage and I use Melafix more often as a regular water treatment . I am pleased with the results .
 Living in a city with a small yard and no beach in site , this is my savior ! Just enough room to float around in and small enough not to take up the little bit of yard I have . The last Intex pool I had wound up on some rocks which were n't noticed while setting it up . The pool did not puncture at all . This is one tough pool yet so easy to set up !
 This is an awesome pool ! Great for that water therapy if you do n't have a lot of room or even if you do.Add the `` Intex River Run I '' to this pool and you can float and spin with the breeze and changing sun.I just love it.After upgrading the stock filter and pump to the Intex Krystal Clear Saltwater System and Filter Pump -LRB- 2010 Model from CMS -RRB- I have n't had to add any chemicals to the pool . the water is very clear and has been all summer.The pump can cycle the 1000 plus gals . very quickly . It feels like a spray jet on the spa.This pool has n't leaked or given me any problems all summer long and with the `` Intex Filter Pump Salt Chlorinator '' it 's perfect.Don ' t forget the fantastic Intex River Run I. You 'll be in tube heaven !
 I purchased this pool for my grandkids they love the pool it is perfect my granddaughter is almost 4 yrs . old and can stand in it perfectly for learning how to swim . And my grandson is 5 yrs.old and has already learned to swim in a matter of no time !! I highly recommend this pool for beginner swimmers !! Me and my 19 year old daughter got in the pool with my 2 grandkids and was amazed how much room was in the pool . . From the outside of the pool I thought it was to small for adults BUT when I got in there was Plenty of space to make a whirl pool so that is awsome to me !! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT !! And amazom helped me make this decision I highly recommend using AMAZON !!!!
 We bought this pool last summer , and it survived the California summer and winter storage and started up today just fine - no leaks and the pump and hoses are still sound . Yes , the pump that came with the pool is a little weak , but it 's not too bad if you let it run all the time . I 'll probably upgrade to the 1000 gallon one before this summer is over . Also , yes it 's important to make sure the ground is level - it does n't have to be perfect , honestly , but it needs to be close . In a pinch , you can pack soil or sand in underneath a low edge if you do n't discover until it 's too late that one edge is off by more than you thought . The edges are really the only thing that HAVE to be level . We are in a rental and ca n't dump sand in the middle of the yard , but cheap garden soil has worked for us . We also put a tarp underneath to protect from anything sharp . The best idea I read by another reviewer was to get a spa-sized floater for the chlorine . 3 tablets last the week , and I have n't even begun to empty the big bottle I bought last summer . We are two large adults , and we 've gotten a lot of enjoyment out of having someplace to go cool off . 4 adults fit comfortably , and I 'd even go up to 6 , like in a hot tub , as long as you do n't mind touching the person next to you . Coincidentally , our neighbors got one the same week we did - and they are a house of only adults , as well . Obviously , it 's not as good as a large pool , but given space , money , or practicality limits , this has been a greatpurchase!ETA
 This is our second Intex Easy Set Pool . The first one we got was from a chain toy store for our small child . Now that he 's getting a little older , we got a bigger pool for him . We purposely chose this pool because it was less expensive than the smaller one because it did n't include a pump . That being said , with the first pool , we connected the pump . But the pump was such low quality that we ended up emptying and refilling the pool several times over the summer.This time we decided to go pumpless and purchase a better quality pump if needed . So far , we have n't purchased a pump and we 've only refilled the pool once this summer since setting it up before Memorial Day weekend . This is what we 're doing different this time :1 . Use chlorine tablets with a cheap little dispenser . This keeps the water very clean . We add about a tablet per week .2 . Use a manual skimmer . This helps in cleaning out larger items like grass , leaves , and bugs .3 . Get the pool cover . This keeps skimming to a minimum and keeps the water warm . We live in an upper 90 's to 100 's , dry heat summer environment that cools down to the 70 's in the evening . We cover the pool whenever it 's not in use.One other thing we did differently that does n't effect the cleanliness of the pool , but gives it a lot softer floor , is add a play sand base under the pool . It is much nicer on our little guy 's feet and we notice the difference too . And one other thing we have is a Little Tykes slide that makes this pool fun for our little guy . This makes for great inexpensive outdoor fun.I would have given this pool 5 stars if it came with a good pump , to make a little less work , for the same price .
 Exceeded all of my expectations . I purchased the 1000/gph pump , and it does a fantastic job running only 3 hours per day . Requires daily maintenance to keep debris out , but that 's to be expected . Now that the pool is full of water , I 've found each and every twig and pebble underneath . should have spread 300 # of sand to give it a more `` foot friendly '' foundation . Great way to slip out the back and cool off on the hot days . It 's already in 90 's and it 's only May .
 The pool was so much fun and perfect depth for my 2yr old . Just a word of warning , buy a tarp to go under it because it punctures easily . Also - be sure its on completely flat ground . Mine was a lil low on one side - which was fine . till there was a heavey rain and the water level got to high and the whole entire pool flopped over ... blah .
 I bought this product online because reviews showed that it included the pool pump and since my local merchants no longer had this pool available with the pump I went ahead and order it through here , but to my surprise when opening the box everything but the pool pump was there , it should be a standard feature since is very important to reduce water consumption and it definitively helps to keep water clean.The construction on the pool is great , quality of the pool gets an A + and the set up is so easy and fast.other than not having the pump , when information in here showed it was included , the product is a 5 star but I give it a 4 due to misleading me into thinking it included everything.if you 're looking into getting an Above the Ground pool this is a great option but for the price you may as well go to a bigger pool which has the pump included , at least the one I saw from this same brand at a local shop , but unfortunately I did not had the space for it.hope this review is helpful !
 This is a great pool , however , this specific one DOES NOT come with a pump or hoses , etc. . . I was very worried at first that it would n't even have the holes in the pool liner to hook one up . But , it does . So , if this is a replacement -LRB- as ours was -RRB- and you have a filter pump or want to purchase one separately , this will work . Otherwise we are very happy with it . Very easy to set up & filled nicely with little worry .
 This is one nice pool . After looking at several different pools , including this one , on Amazon , my wife just happened to see one for sale at Big Lots . SOLD ! It actually cost more than the one list on Amazon , but it came with a filter pump , so there must be different SKUs out there . We had decided on the 10 foot diameter pool as we have a 12 x 12 patio slab with a 10 x 10 metal frame gazebo on it . The pool fits perfectly under the gazebo , and we can close the mosquito netting side panels to keep the bugs and leaves out . The slab is not perfectly level - as measured by my 6 ' carpenter 's level , it 's got about 2 inches of slope from the house to the yard . So I was a little worried based on the comments presented in these reviews . No need to worry -LRB- at least yet -RRB- . So we have `` shallow '' end and a `` deep '' end . I 'm sure there 's an engineering reason to keep it on a level base , but 2 inches seems close enough . The filter pump is slow , but seems to be working fine . All in all , our 4 and 8 year old boys love it and would stay in it all day if we let them .
 We bought this pool 5 years ago when my kids were ages 1 and 3 . Now the kids are 6 and 8 ... and were still using the same pool . I set it up every June and break it down every August . Just pumped and filled it last night ! Holds up well in the Arizona heat ! However , we do place the pool under the covered patio and use square connecting mats under the pool to create a soft cushion . During the months the pool it not in use , it is stored in a large plastic container with lid in the garage . I am ordering a new one -LRB- after 5 years -RRB- due to usage over the years . I would advise a pool cover ... bugs think they can swim at night . Just make sure ladies you do n't have any rings on while putting the cover on ... I accidently snagged mine with my ring .
 I got really lucky . This was the first pool I bought and fortunately it has heald up . It 's kind of hard to set up , and I had a heck of a time getting it on level ground . It 's very susceptible to even the littlest slope . So finally I stacked a bunch of blankets under one side to keep it even . The kids did n't care , they just wanted to get wet and splash around.I had probably 15 kids jumping in and out of the pool today - all of them really put their heart and soul into splashing around . I was expecting it to tear or tip over , but neither of those things happened . It heald up extremely well - considering I live on a mountain slope and my ground is almost 100 % rocks with a bit of grass in between . It did n't rip or anything . In fact my hunny came outside and pulled on it to even it out and it heald up even though it was half full of water . Many other pools would have ripped . I was impressed.We did not have a pump , so we blew up the pool by mouth . It was actually a pretty quick process . Taking 15 minute turns , my darling and I had the pool ready to go in a half hour . It took about an hour to fill , but we have slow water pressure . And it heald up extremely well . Overall it was a great purchase and I would suggest it for anyone else with kids ages 3 to 8 who want to splash around this summer .
 We had a pool like this one and last summer it developed a couple of tiny holes in the outer ring which caused me to blow it up almost every day . Then I saw this one on Amazon.com and it was so reasonably priced that I bought it . Pretty easy to set up , but I have a hard time taking it down , the plug is on the side of the pool and a little too high up to drain all the water out , so when it got low enough , we were able to tip the pool over to drain the rest of the water out , but a plug closer to the bottom of the pool would have made this task a lot easier . It was n't impossible though . We had a lot of fun with this pool this summer and hope to have more fun with it next summer as well .
 I just put my pool up today . I am SO excited!I have a small yard , but that does n't stop the HOT weather of the summer , so having a pool is HEAVEN for me.I have a question for anyone who has this pool . . Do you need to use any chemicals in the water ??
 This was easy to set up . Really nice pool for people like us who do n't have a lot of space , but still want to be able to cool off on a hot day .
 I purchased the Intex 10x30 easy set pool in hopes that it would come with a pump , like all other intex pools do . THIS DOES NOT COME WITH A PUMP ! You will have to spend another $ 30 - $ 50 dollars on a pump , which makes this pool no deal at all ! You are better off getting the 12x30 pool for around $ 80 with a pumpIntex Easy Set 12-Foot by 30-Inch Round Pool Set.With that being said , I have two toddler boys who just like to splash around . This pool satisfies their need to swim and play outside on a hot day . It is easy to set up , but you might want an air compressor to blow up the outside ring because it would take forever otherwise . Like I said before , if you want a pool go with the 12x30 because it comes with a pump . If you do n't plan on using a pump this 10x30 is great .
 I was about to get a `` kiddie '' pool when I realized I could spend about $ 20 more and get an actual pool that I could also enjoy.Now , I have been using my pool without any treatment . No filter or chemicals . Of course it does n't last long this way . The slime and algae will start up after a week or so . -LRB- I think the sub-zero temperatures of my well water may buy me a couple extra days -RRB- I just ordered a filter and salt water system so I do n't have to worry about water changes . My brother 's been using the salt system all summer and says it works great.One other note
 The product was as advertised . My last pool like this did not survive storage over the winter or maybe it was the hurried cleanup at the end of the summer ? If you are buying this as a replacement and planning on using your old pump be sure to save the parts that the hose connects to from your old pool as you will need them .
 Needed some relief for the hot weather and this pool really helped for a reasonable amount of money . Easy to set up . Pump has worked fine , although you need to help keep it clean with a small handheld net . The pump mainly dissolves the chlorine tabs and distributes in the water . No problems with leaks after a couple months . Recommend getting cover to help keep clean , minimize evaporation and chlorine loss . Less than $ 10 for chemicals so far and water is still nice and clean . I expect to use it again next summer .
 less is more . you can get just as cool in a ten foot pool a you can in a 30 foot pool , all for less than a $ 100.00
 product arrived on time , filled up and ready to go ! so far ive had great products from amazon and great service . ty David Griffin
 I LOVE this pool . It is my 3rd one . The first was a 6-foot pool . It was too small for the kids to play , plus have the parents join in . Bought the 10-foot pool with a filter/pump a few years ago , and loved it . Unfortunately , carpenter ants ate through the liner and inflatable ring at the top while I had it in storage -LRB- I was surprised that ants would eat through such thick material -RRB- . So , I just bought this one to replace my previous one . I did n't need the pump/filter since I still have my previous one.The pool is very easy to setup :1 . Find a somewhat level ground and remove debris -LRB- so it does n't puncture the liner -RRB- 2 . Stretch out the liner floor so it does n't have creases3 . Inflate the ring4 . Connect the pump , if you 're using one -LRB- I highly recommend you do -RRB- 5 . Fill with water to the desired heightOne of the things I really like about this pool is that you can choose how deep to make it , since the ring will float to whatever height you fill the water to . For example , you could add just about 8 inches for a baby , 15 inches for a toddler , 25 inches for a child , etc.NOTE
 this is a great pool . it is a lot bigger and stronger than i expected . it can fit 2 adults laying out with no problem . it can probably fit 3 adults laying out and can definitely fit 4-5 adults sitting down -LRB- with a little bit of footsies -RRB- . i am a 6ft tall male and while sitting down in the pool the water came to just above my chest . it worked wonders for those 90 degree days this summer . however , unless you plan on emptying the pool out every 3 days to prevent algae from growing , you WILL need a filter , a cover and some chlorine tabs . in other words , it has all the responsibilities of a normal pool . that is why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . nevertheless , i have no regrets of purchasing .
 I love these inflatable pools . They set up very easily . Plus you do n't have to worry as much about kids or clumsy adults hurting themselves on hard edges . This pool is large enough for a few people . Great for cooling off on a cold day .
 Our first pool and this is the 3rd Summer using it on our deck . We keep it in our basement during the Winter months . You really need to have something under the pool to make it comfortable to sit in and to avoid splinters and tears in the pool . I chose the 24 '' square inter-locking foam squares that are recommended for home gyms , garage workshops , etc. . You can find them at warehouse stores , Xmas Tree Shoppes , etc. . You 'll also need a skimmer net . I prefer the powdered form of chlorine that I found at Lowe 's . I only put in about a 1/4 cup in the floating dispenser every 3-4 days . I change the air filter about once every 2-3 weeks . Always use test strips to test water quality before getting in . My son loves it , and my husband and I love it too ! Nothing beats an evening floating on a raft to cool off .
 I love this as use this to strengthen my legs as it is perfect to do exercises in and to cool off . You do have to make sure it is level ground to set up . You must also test and replace chlorine and etc. .
 Very easy to setup and well worth the tiny price tag . PUT IT ON LEVEL LAWN !! We got lucky and found a spot almost level . Happy that I purchased the 1000 Gallon per hour filter pump , but you 'll still need a $ 6 test kit and some chlorine granules to keep it sanitary .
 The pool was exactly what they say it is . It is perfect for what we need . The delivery was right on time . The whole process was painless .
 This is a handy little pool but you have to put it on a flat surface otherwise the water can spill out . When kids are playing , the water sloshes around and if one side is slightly lower , the water can start going over the edge and once it starts it keeps going . The other option is not to fill it as much if it 's not on a level surface but then the one side just lays in the water and the pool is not as stable . The air ring at the top is the only thing keeping this upright . My husband ended up emptying it and leveling the ground underneath .
 Good pool , I used is in Las Vegas this Summer , lots of fun , even if it lasts only this summer , for the price you ca n't go wrong .
 Will be best if include filter . Nice product . Safe for children 4 and up with adult supervision . Easy to install
 Very satisfied with that purchase ! a b c d e f g h i j k l o p q r s t
 Had this up and running for about a month now . Still cycling in a salt tank . Use this to push the water from a refugium up about 5 feet to the tank . GPH seems to pretty much to that stated by the mfg. Very quiet .
 If you have small amounts of fluids to transfer , this is a really good little pump . I would recommend it for many applications .
 I purchased this pump to replace one that had a broken impeller . This one worked as well as if not better than the one I replaced . The price was significantly less than other places I looked . Everything needed was included . Nothing else to buy .
 Purchased this pump for a large interior waterfall . It works great and it is very quite . Very happy with the purchase so far .
 Mag drive pumps are a really good pump . They are simple and last a long time usually longer than 1.5 yrs but mine is making a really loud noise now but it still works . Noise is similar to a hard drive when its looking for a file kind of a random grind/bump noise . But I have had a mag7 run for 3yrs w/o problems until I sold it . So in conclusion they are good pumps easy to take apart and clean . It heats up my 55 gallon about 2-3 deg above room temp so keep that in mind also keep in mind the watts of the mag pumps more watts = more heat = more money in electricty .
 Nicely made , well thought out , and works perfectly ! Last night my son and I built a nice toasty campfire using this IN THE RAIN and had a great time . When you 're done using it -LRB- cooled off and cleaned -RRB- , it packs up neatly into a compact storage bag . There 's plenty of extra room inside the bag to store some newspaper and a few fire building essentials like matches , a hatchet , and gloves.HINT
 I was very impressed with this grill , it is made very well . The carrying case was a lot better quality than i expected . The only reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it does need a suspended grill in the bottom to put the wood on . I bought a small round grill that fit on the very bottom and cut 2 pieces of metal conduit to sit it on and this works fine . At 62 years old i have bought various grills and stoves over my lifetime and i will have to say that this grill is one of the best products i have ever bought !!!!!!
 I purchased the coleman pack-away after we had borrowed one from a friend . I loved it so much had to buy one for myself . The first time we used it was on property we have where there is high fire danger - so we could n't do a traditional camp fire - too many dry leaves . We used the grill first with charcoal to cook our burgers and then threw on a fire log to create a campfire that would n't spark - that we could roast our marshmallows on . It worked great ! We then took it camping to a camp ground - again , used it with charcoal to cook burgers - worked so much better than the grill over the rock fire pit they have at the campground -LRB- and was cleaner of course -RRB- . Since then we have used it on our back patio as well . Only recomendations I have are 1 -RRB- keep the plastic bag to wrap the grill grate in so you can clean it when convenient and it wo n't mess up the inside of the carying case . Also , if you do use it with a firelog , they need some air flow underneath so might need a rock under it -LRB- or put it on a bed of charcoal - that worked great for us -RRB- . Also , note the order that the pieces come out of the case in - they only go back in the exact same order - can be frustrating to get it reassembled if you do n't remember which piece goes in first - and it isnt ' very intuitive .
 Though it might have a problem grilling due to the lack of heat-tight cover.Will work with charcoal . I raise it off the bottom with a smaller grate -LRB- cooling rack for oven -RRB- . Too heavy and large to lug along on a long camping trip .
 This is a great little firepit ! I was looking for something smaller in size for our patio . Do n't expect a big roaring fire in this one ... If that 's what you want , I suggest something larger.It is very easy to set up ... and then pack away ! I love that I can store it instead of leaving it out all of the time . I do n't have to worry about it rusting away on the patio on those rainy days .
 Love my Coleman Pack-Away Fireplace Grill ! Works well with briquettes or wood . Some campsites do not allow for wood firse so this is great for both ! Packs up easily and stores wonderfully under my travel trailer .
 we bought this fireplace and grill for my husband 's father 's day present , and so far it works wonderfully ! -LRB- granted we only used it once . -RRB- I love how you can pack it away , and it 's not too outdoors-ey , so it matches with our other decor .
 Weather has n't been cool enough to do a fire outside and we have n't been camping , but hoping to use it soon . Would like to get to use it at the same time our friend uses his Coleman propane coffee maker .
 This was purchased to use on my little concrete patio at my house . I just love it . It gives just the right heat and ambiance for a small area . It is so very well made I was shocked . Kudos to Coleman for yet another great idea for outdoor fun and convenience !!
 The Danner pump came very quick and it works great.I used it in a small tub and ran a hose through the bottom of aconcrete pot , then filled the pot with river stone to make an overflowing bubble fountain pot in a bed of riverstone .
 Upgraded water fountain using this one as an external pump - works fantastic ! Plenty of power , whisper quiet , long power cord . Solid buildMakes fountain maintenance -LRB- have multi level fountain with originally submerged pump at lowest level -RRB- now a real pleasure - just pull hose from pump and let drain into garden . Ca n't get any easier.Be aware this pump comes with no fittings , so you will need to plan trip to a hardware store . Both ends threaded -LRB- male & female -RRB- , so very easy . Buy 2 fittings , 2 hose clams , attach hoses and you 're done . Used Epoxy to seal entry/exit point to/from fountain . Works flawless overall .
 I did n't get a Danner Larger Utility Pump that was pictured . I got a MD2 , which is just as good and a direct replacement . It would have been a bonus to get the actual product pictured.The MD2 is powerful and quiet . My first one lasted 3-4 years before it died from poor maintenance on my part . Never run any pump with restrictive plumbing , like clogged filters.I 'm sure this unit will run 4 + years .
 The Frigidaire FD27LKEC 27 is an absolutely beautiful , all Stainless Steel grill with rounded edges , a drawer , a side burner , and pull out grease tray . It is heavy but easy to assemble . -LRB- You will need a second pair of hands -RRB- The Propane Tank sits on a sliding rail for ease of removal . The gill surface is solid SS and makes for perfect grill marks on you meal . There are some minor hot spots between the flame shields but overall not a problem . The free accessories kit is top notch and setup and removal of the packaging was included with delivery . This is better than any thing I saw at the ` Big Box ' stores . I am very happy with this purchase.Bon Appetite
 I 've had this grill for two weeks . I had looked longingly at the expensive Viking , Wolf , and DCS professional-style grills for years . The upper end of the Lowe 's grills had the same look , but seemed light on quality . This grill was a viable compromise for me . All-stainless construction , especially of the burners was a big plus , as was the included side burner . Not having a natural gas hose included was a negative , but a minor one . -LRB- Ace Hardware part number 4184891 works fine . It 's available online for about forty bucks . Remove one brass fitting that comes installed on the regulator before connecting it . -RRB- The grill arrived promptly by freight carrier in the time window that they promised . I elected to just have it dropped off , but I understand they can un-crate it and remove the packaging too . Assembly was straightforward and took about two hours with a toddler `` helping . '' Two strong adults are needed to lift the grill wheels out off the palette base . All aspects of the build quality met or exceeded my expectations . The grills especially are very heavy , closely spaced , carefully made , and fit in their recess with tight tolerances.The grill lights easily and heats quickly . It is difficult to know if it is lit in sunlight ; there does n't seem to be a good place to view the burners . The temperature gauge should be used as a rough guide only . I incinerated my first pizza on a stone in the grill because I had all the burners on high to reach 450 degrees . For my next pizza I put an oven thermometer inside the grill and found that it reached 450 degrees when the built-in gauge read 275 degrees ! The rotisserie burner works well for using the grill as an oven
 Trying to purchase a good quality grill over the internet is very difficult with the lack of reviews and inability to physically see the product . With that being said ... I did take a chance on this Frigidaire grill and could n't be happier . I would highly recommend this grill for purchase , both as a stand alone and also a built in , as this 2005 27 '' can work in both abilities.The quality seems very good and cosmetically is absoluty beautiful for a grill . For the price this is a ca n't miss !!!
 I did aquire one of the last offered Frigidaire FD27LKEC BBQ Grills . I wanted mainly the 304 Stainless Steel construction including the burners . Even the nuts and bolts are non magnetic stainless . We live in Florida a couple miles from the Ocean and have the salt air to contend with . The last cheap brand grill lasted about 3 years before it needed a total rebuild . Most grills that you look at from the major big box sellers sell Stainless Steel grills , but they still rust here in Florida because they are not nonmagnetic 304 Stainless Steel . In a couple of years they look terrible . I am writing this review after nearly 2 years of using this Frigidaire 304 Stainless Grill . It is a heavy well built grill . It cooks very well for a smaller unit and it still looks like NEW with very little maintainance . You get used to the cool spots . The rotisaray works flawlessly with the radiant cook unit . I have not used the side burner yet . This is the best grill value that I have found for a quality unit under $ 800 .
 I 've purchased several Pondmaster pumps over the years because they are inexpensive but well made . They are also cheap to operate and will not run up your electricity bill . I must admit my pond is not exactly clean so I have quite a bit of debris that gets sucked into the pump , sometimes requiring a good cleaning . Mine came with a plastic-cage pre-filter -LRB- a must , do n't use the foam kind ! -RRB- which I have to clean about once a week . The 18ft cord is a definite plus for reaching your power outlet . This is a well made quality pump for the price .
 This pump is the most reliable pump that I have used for aqurium/pond application . After 18 months of running 7 by 24 , the pump is still going strong.The only issue I had so far is that the pump seem to run noisy with reduced flow recently . After opening up the cover a couple times , I figured out the reason for the noise . What happened was the alignment of the impeller went off a little and resulted in the impeller blades scraping the front cover . I put in a tiny spacer to push the impeller away from the cover . The trick restored the pump 's performance and output back to 100 % . It is running like new again .
 I have this pump set into a disappearing fountain . I have it on a timer so it operates approximately 4-hours a day . Since my application is semi-sealed , I have not accessed or done any maintenance on this pump in the three-years it 's been running . In my opinion , Pondmaster is the king of pond pumps hands down.PROS : Quality buildInexpensiveEnergy efficient . -LRB- costs me about $ 1.00 per month to run -RRB- QuietReliableCONS : Not one darn thing !
 Danner apparently took over PondMaster . The pump looks the same as the one i bought 14 years ago . excellent performance in 450 gal pond . maintenance free . i bought 2 . one in a turtle pond in which it pumps 40 inch up into a biologic filter with good flow . the other is in a lily pond with a 2 foot rise to the filter . in the lily pond , the simple plastic intake guard that comes with the pump is quite adequate to keep fish out and yet will allow small plant debris to be sucked in and thus get to the main filter . that plastic guard is not adequate for the high-debris turtles and i have to use a pre-filter to keep the intake from clogging .
 After more than 10 years , my pump gave up the ghost . After an extensive search , I found an exact replacement at the best price . I hope this one will last another 10 years .
 I use this pump on my boat to provide cooling water to the condenser on my air conditioner . A traditional marine pump with equal flow/head would be about $ 200 . Considering this pump only needs to run 100 hours per year , I figured it should last forever . So far -LRB- one hot summer -RRB- it still works great . I do not run this submerged . I use hose fittings on the suction and discharge.The only concern is plastic construction as opposed to reinforced fiberglass or metal . For pond use ... no problem . For boat use , I never leave the boat unattended with this pump running and the seacock -LRB- intake valve -RRB- open .
 well a very good cart ... after I put it together ... it did come loose at the screws ... but to be fair it is left out in the weather all the time and wood does breathe as it gets wet and dries ... overall I use this cart all the time in the summer for my garden and in the winter for limbs ... I would buy it again ... I would not want to do without this cart in my outside work as do rely on it very much .
 The cart came with easy to follow instructions . Had it together in no time and ready to use . Its sturdy and should work well for hauling what is needed . I am using it for the food bank supplies at our church and makes transporting packed groceries very easy .
 This pump works great for my 700 gallon pond with stream and waterfall . I removed the filter screen and used a 1.25 '' sump hose to connect it to a larger filter . At this price I 'd be happy if it only lasted a couple of years . My last Sunterra pump was a 550gph in a smaller pond and it was still running after 6 years use , at which point I sold the property .
 Bought the Sunterra Pump for my pond about a month ago . It is doing its job as advertised . Will have to see if it lasts longer than the previous pumps I have used .
 I have a small fish pond . With an adaptor , you can use the water from your pond for your flowers . Enough boost to have a small waterfall , too .
 I am not happy with the product which I received , because it was n't the right one as in the picture described when I placed the order .
 This is the second pump we purchased and both have worked perfectly 24/7 for years . We just turned it on and never turned it off . The internal filter needs to be cleaned if the pump slows down , otherwise there has been no problem at all . It uses about 75w power and I would buy the same unit again if ever needed .
 The 850 gph Sunterra pond pump worked exactly how I was toldit would work . Pumps up to the top of the waterfall and still plenty of power for the fountain in the middle . Very pleased .
 Pump works great . . incredible water movement and also very quiet . . no sound but water . My Koi are enjoying it very much and I am very happy with the price compared to other pumps we cconsidered for purchase .
 I have a large bio filter and the pond water looks quite clear , but the little pre filter on this pump clogs up each week.I can notice a definite water flow reduction every week , very noticeable.Then I have to unplug the pump , pull it out of the water and hose out that filter.Kind of bothersome to have to do it so often ... and it would probably burn the pump up if the water flow reduction is n't noticed in time.The other brands of pumps that I have had w / screens and pre filters only needed cleaned a couple times a year.So I guess I 'll have to look for one of those mesh bags that help catch some of the gunk ... before it gets into the pump filter ... If I only knew I would have stayed with the other brands & style .
 Purchased this pump a week ago to replace a smaller unit that had worked since ' 04 . I hope I get that number of years from this Sunterra . It took me longer to get into the ridiculous packaging that to set it up . After scissors , a utility knife and two lacerations on the plastic package , I finally opened it . Note that this is a 1 '' pump outlet . If you have 3/4 '' or 1/2 '' tubing , and you are not using a diverter , you will need an adaptor piece -LRB- I purchased this at Ace Hardware down the road -RRB- . And the removal of the outer filter housing is difficult the first time -LRB- the slotted plastic housing is soft and could easily crack . Take care when removing it for cleaning as well -RRB- . But once I attached it to the existing hose via the adapter and plugged it in , it is perfect for my small pond and 4 ' high waterfall . Like I said , I hope it lasts as long as the previous unit .
 I bought this Sunterra pump for two reasons
 I am using this pump for my prospecting equipment . I was pleasantly surprised at its ability to recirculate the water from my settling pond , and back thru the highbanker . Very Happy with this product and looking to purchase a larger flow rate device .
 I bought this to complement the Bio Filter -LRB- also by Sunterra -RRB- and it works great for moving and filtering water between my two ponds the waterfall has never run so strong . It also has a nice little filter inside the case to trap dirt and scum . I 've used a lot of pumps over the years and this is a nice to have as the dirt and scum tends to wear out the pumps pretty quickly .
 This worked very well for me , I was able to dig out my own shape of pond . This is n't a very big liner so you would only be able to make a very small pond , but I felt it was of good quality . It has held up well to rocks being placed on it in the pond and has been an effective barrier to the plant life growing around my pond . I used it for over a year in my pond until I decided to make the pond bigger and deeper .
 got it for fish pond . so far so good . no issues.good thick liner which should last as long as the fish .
 This is a very high quality liner at a super price . It has stood the test of time and continues to provide a funcitional pond liner that my friends and neighbors find beautiful and attractive .
 The product description was on target and this was exactly what was needed for the project.Would buy this again .
 We built a toad garden in our backyard and needed a small pond for the toads to live by , so I bought this and have no regrets.It 's a relatively small pond . Only about 3 feet by 4 feet with 12 inches in depth . I figured this would easily be enough and that was an understatement . I could have dug two ponds the same size that is how much extra I had left over . Very easy to cut and lay down.I did n't bury the edge of the liner first , I laid it in the hole in the ground , and slowly started filling it in with water , that way the pressure of the weight and water fits it in with every gap filled in . Once it was full with water , I than made my final cut on the edges and tucked it in.I was amazed the next few days at how it was at the same water level . Not only did it not leak in the slightest bit , but I assumed some of the water would evaporate from the pond but I did not notice it at all.Very satisfied with this , this was my first pond and first pond liner I handled and it was simple . 5 stars , highly recommended .
 This is not EPDM but it is still a good liner . I used it in my goldfish pond and although it is PVC it was easy to lay down and move in place . PVC pond liners do contain plasticizers , which can become brittle over time when exposed to UV rays . So I would suggest shielding the liners from direct sunlight with rocks or landscaping materials . The liner is fish and plant safe my goldfish have been in the pond for 2 months and they have been healthy .
 Excellent product for a small yard fountain such as the one I installed . The water reservoir I created was 4 ' x 4 ' x 1 ' with a small pocket for the pump . It worked out ok and a nice looking fountain . It was a good thing the sun was out , this product is PVC and I used the sun to warm the liner before it would conform to the shape I needed . Just keep in mind this product is only 20 mil thick , most coy ponds use 45 mil fish safe EPDM liner material . So , I do n't think I would use this product for a coy pond unless I had the ok of an expert . Almost forgot , I measured the liner , like to know if I got what I paid for , and the width was 4 '' short of 8 ' and the length was dead-on at 10 ' . Interesting !
 Works well for me , hopefully will last a while . It 's been about seven months and have n't had any problems . I am worried of cracking since it 's not EPDM rubber and the material is thin . But shipping was fast and works for what I need now . And plus I did n't want to invest in something more expensive since it 's for a small project .
 I used this pond liner to line a 10 ` x4 ' raised garden bed that I built . I put in plastic perforated drain tile and a little drain spot so the water had somewhere to go and so my garden does n't turn into a pool . I 'm hoping that by using the pond liner it will keep the ground moist and I do n't need to water as frequently and my vegtables will have the water they need . This liner in particular was very easy to work with and it was shipped very fast . I have had a great experience with it so far , but we will see how my garden turns out !
 I bought this to make a round pond in my back yard . The price was really reasonable and the quality seems good . I expect it should last a long time . It is smooth on the back side and has a slightly rough side use to help the pond grow natural algae and bacteria . It is fairly thin , but seems strong . I 'm a bit worried about rocks in the ground breaking through , even though i cleaned as many up as i could . This is not a big piece of liner . If you want to have fish survive the winter , a pond has to be more than 2 foot deep and this liner is not big enough to get that deep while still being spacious enough to look nice . Mine is used to full capacity and i think i should have gotten the 12/12 . Still it is working as hoped .
 This is a must have product for many different things , we used this as a liner in our front yard for a drainage application , it worked perfectly , saved us a lot of money and were planning on installing three small ponds so we hope to have a nice review for those in the near future .
 i am a landscaper it is the first time i use this product , and i would be using it again
 I was very impressed with this pond liner . It was easy to install , very pliable yet heavy-duty at the same time . It saved my pond !
 I had previously purchased a thinner pond liner last year and needless to say I ended up topping up the pond almost every day during the summer . I shopped around a lot for a new liner and ended up purchasing this one . I have huge trees in my garden so it is impossible to dig the shape of one of those preformed ponds . This is quick , easy and very durable . I have had the pond in for almost 2 weeks now and have n't had to use the hose yet ! Great price , great product .
 Got the item quickly , securely and in beautiful condition . The packaging was excellent and the item was in place the same day we received it ! Looks wonderful and works fantastic !
 I am very satisfied witht this liner . It was easy to work with and has held up very well so far .
 I 've never owned a self propelled mower before . What a difference . This mower is effortless to operate . So easy to use that I didnt even need to read the directions . Right out of the box , it started on the first pull . I 've used it for three mowings so far -LRB- 6000 sq ft property -RRB- and its operating flawlessly . Very good build quality and the engine is top notch . There are plenty of mowers that cost more but I cant imagine what makes them better performers .
 Awesome mulching mower ... Delivery was delayed by nearly a week due to a UPS error , so my lawn had gone two weeks without a cut during a period of a lot of rain . One pass and the grass was cut and mulched , no lines , no residual clumps . We were very impressed !
 I had n't purchased a new gas mower in great than 10 years . I was n't looking to spend more than $ 300 , so this mower fit the bill . It was delivered in 2 days , I popped it out of the box and had it going in about 20 minutes . Starts every time on the very first pull and is VERY EASY to operate . I 've mowed 3 times with it now and the variable speed control is great . I ca n't say enough about a mower at this price point . It mulches well -LRB- do n't plan to use the bag -RRB- and it handles great !
 Reading the reviews on Amazon and other sites , sure help make good manufacturer and model decisions . Since this is my first self propelled mower , I was a careful to study . It powers through 6-8 '' crop better than my brothers Poulan front wheel drive . For regular length grass . . -LRB- haha . . neighbors talk to me now -RRB- it pulls me right along and chews up sticks pretty good . I like the bag it , mulch it and `` just let it fly '' options . Guess which one I choose . If a guy has to cut his lawn , why not just get it done quick and simple . Sorta like the difference between laying brick with a garden trowel rather than a Rose . Hobbyist use the obvious , pros use tools that help get it done best . I highly recommend this mower as a walk behind type and Amazon.com as the supplier , unless you wan na claim cutting grass a lifelong hobby and pay higher costs for attaining/maintenance of a tool . I 'd rather be throwing back a few MGD 's and enjoying the fresh cut smell of the days crop , than working longer hours to pay a higher price and maintaining a stupid tool . No matter what , get the same engine manufacturer . Nice and smooth , unlike ... those ` garden ' trowels .
 Got the mower from Amazon at a great price and great delivery time.It was all that I expected except the controls took a little getting used to.To be expected , I suppose.I have owned a Lawn Boy since 1992 and it still runs , will keep it for a back up.Thanks again Amazon .
 This mower is superior to my last one in that it does what its supposed to do with no fuss . There are n't any options you do n't need . I like the rear wheel variable speed and mulching option . Not too heavy and wheels are wide so mower compensates easily for inconsistencies in terrain . I 'd buy it again . Easy to start , good on fuel .
 This is the fourth mower we have owned in the last 40 years and the first one with a four cycle engine . All the previous ones were two cycle where you mix the oil and gas . I guess the powers to be decided that these no longer meet emission requirements for California mowers . We narrowed our decision to either Honda or Tecumseh powered . While we like Honda 's reliability , we found that repair parts are VERY expensive and not as readily available as Tecumseh . Our local repair shop speaks highly of Tecumseh 's reliability . The engine is super easy to start and usually on the first pull .
 This is the best mower that I have ever owned and I have owned quite a few . No complaints whatsoever . Prime the gas and mower starts on first pull every time and mows my st. augustine lawn , effortlessly , with all the power that is needed . Very Happy with my purchase . Thank You Lawn Boy for producing a great mower .
 Even at current listing Price , this is a great lawn mower compared to the stuff you might find locally -- mtd , troy built etc. . Well packaged , and just a few items to put on , but it is basically put together.I bought the machine at very low price that must have been mislisted that was way below any price on the internet . Now price is in line .1 st rate Machine . This is an additon to my Scag , so I know quality
 Great cart , I use it for everything . Delivered w / ripped tire tube .
 I had no trouble assembling this cart , and it is perfectly suitable , The quality/price ratio is very good.Douglas Dicconson
 Northern Industrial Yard Cart - 48in . L x 29in . W , 400-Lb . Capacity , Model # SP22106Since I wore out the yard cart that my father-in-law built years ago , I was in need of another one and much to my surprise I found exactly what I wanted . It arrived very timely and in perfect condition . We received this in June but we have just found the time to put it together . My husband began the task of putting it together and I helped him finish it which all together probably took three hours . It is going to be perfect for carrying mulch and bricks and other materials that I carry about the yard doing my landscaping and it is easy to handle . I am so glad I purchased this cart .
 Product is great around the yard . I 've had one for years but actually wore it out . It is very useful for yard work .
 Love it . Received this item in about 2 weeks , and was delivered by truck , which they were kind enough to put in the backyard for me . The cart was easy to put together , and is a perfect size for all the branches and debris from our yard . Perfect !
 I have used this technaflora system for a year now and have doubled my produce this year . If you want a easy but more in depth system than this is it . Yes you can find simple 3 part systems but I have to tell you this system will double your harvest vs those simple 3 part systems ! I had bought the starter kits by technaflora and I just slowly added more bottles as I ran out , now after a year I can truly say I have doubled my harvests over any other system I have used !
 Great design and very easy to use . Have used a couple times on the grill and have had great results with smoking both chicken and beef . Size of the wood chip trays are perfect for any grill .
 This wood chip soaker actually does what it is supposed to do , smart design , no instructions needed . Compact , well made , likely to be long lived .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my brother in law , who 's a huge smoking buff . I was so glad I was able to find this , I know my sister did n't appreciate having her kitchen sink invaded by soaking wood chips . Seems to do what it 's supposed to do , my brother in law seems to enjoy it . Is it worth the price ? I do n't know . I would n't have bought this for myself . Made a good present because I knew my brother in law would appreciate it .
 This wood chip soaker is a little smaller than what I thought but for the price and being able to put the two metal baskets on the fire without dumping them out was nice . Perfect for backyard BBQs .
 I have used this contraption 3 times so far . The best results were on a chicken I roasted in the barbecue with some mesquite woods chips . It came out increadibly juicy and with a subtle wood smoke flavor that was really tasty . The trays themsleves have help up well in my Weber gas BBQ . I open up the grills and put the wood chip tray on top of the `` flavor bars '' which are in between the flames and the grill . Then I replace the grill . It takes a few minutes but soon the pre-soaked wood chips are smoking up a storm and flavoring the meat . The soaking bin works well too . All in all , this a great package .
 i like this item ... . tho it 's a little smaller than i thought it would be , it works really well ... . what i like about it is now i do n't have to put the wood chips directly on the coal , and it seems they last longer now cause of it ...
 Two gripes but they 're not a real issue . The holes on the metal trays could be smaller , water would still leak through but you 'd lose less smaller chips . The plastic could be , stronger . It does n't feel like it 's going to break but if you abuse it enough it may .
 Purchased this for da hubby for Christmas , and he loves it . His only complaint is that it 's `` too light weight '' - I think he thinks the fact that it wo n't break his foot if it falls on him means it 's not going to last . We 've yet to put it to the test of our non-stop summer BBQing & grilling , but I 'm thinking he 's wrong.Baskets fit well and do the job , metal has not warped under heat -LRB- when hubby decided not to read the directions - do n't ask -RRB- .
 We got this for my 6yr old son & had it filled with helium right at the TRU store . It has been months now and my son still has it and it is intact . I beleive the helium recommendation is right on the package !
 I bought this for my sons 8th bitrthday . He really enjoyed playing with it , however , it only lasted 3 days . Find a way to make them more durable and I will buy another one .
 my 3 year old nephew brought his new hoverdisc -LRB- filled with helium -RRB- to our house for thanksgiving . my 2.5 year old son loved it and our 10 year old nephew thought it was pretty cool too ... it was something then could all play with and chase after . i 've read the other reviews -- i do n't understand how theirs popped after only a few minutes ... they must 've been playing relatively rough with it . it is essentially a balloon , after all ... . our kids had a great time !
 My son recieved this as a gift and and we tossed it for about an hour in our grassy backyard this afternoon . -LRB- I was checking the site to see where I could buy another one for other kids . -RRB- It got stuck in the tree twice , and did n't pop ... plus , my son did n't pounce on it , which is pretty amazing , since he pounces on EVERYTHING . I will admit that I do n't have high expectations on its durability . I 'd still buy another pricy balloon . Ca n't wait to play more tomorrow !
 I ordered this on Monday afternoon while on vacation and it was sitting by our door when we arrived home Friday afternoon . I could n't believe the quick service ! Item was safely packaged and our grandson loved it .
 I bought this flag for our house in the northwest . It is a nice flag and it holds up well . Not much else to say ... it 's a typical NY Flag : -RRB-
 I 've been using this grate lifter for several months and would consider it a must-have for anyone with a heavy cast iron grate . I had previously been using two Big Green Egg ash tools , which barely did the trick and were constantly being bent out of shape by the weight of my grate . I was a bit skeptical about this tool but it has been fantastic in use .
 Got three of these for Xmas presents . No messy hands and easy to work . Guys love gadgets anyway so we can score on this one .
 This works great and keeps the grimey grill stuff off your hands and fingers . It is very simple to use and works as advertised .
 The handle is solid , well built . I had an actual Big Green Egg lifter , it broke after a year and a half . I did leave it in the egg once and -LRB- burned it pretty good -RRB- may have shortened it 's life ? This lifter is just as good and a lot less expensive !
 I 've tried other products for this purpose and this one is by far the best . A little pricey but well worth it .
 The best grill tool ever . I can lift up a fully loaded Weber grill to throw wood chips on to the coals or move them around . I even use to to lift the grill when its cold . It 's just so convenient . Everyone who sees it is instantly jealous . I even ordered a second one .
 This works well at lifting the heavy weber cast iron grids . When I need to throw some more wood chips in the smoker box , or when some flaming piece of food falls down , this device lifts the grid with ease .
 It does what it is supposed to do . It was very handy to have , especially with my big wood fired smoker/bbq .
 This is a great tool for anyone who likes to grill with charcoal . It is very handy to be able to pick up the hot or greasy grill with this to add coals or clean out your grill . Another Steven Raichlen awesome tool . Well built and well engineered for the job .
 very well made , works great . if you think you will ever need to lift the cooking grate while smoking or grilling , you need this tool
 This grid lifter works better than expected . I have a great grill but the cast iron grates are heavy and cumbersome to lift , especially , when they are hot . With the Steven Raichlen Grid Lifter there is no longer a need to wait for the grid to cool and they are actually easier to clean when they are hot.This is an excellent grill accessory and I recommend it for any type of grill .
 I am on my second one -LRB- which just broke -RRB- in two years . Apparently SR changed designs , as my # 2 is very different from the first one I bought -LRB- which was graciously replaced for free , when I contacted the manufacturer . -RRB- I grill every day , and use heavy cast-iron grates , so if one of these lasts me a year , I guess I should be satisfied for the price . I am ordering a new one .
 i actually read about this in Steven 's book . I think every Grill myster must have this tool . Its simple yet so many people do n't think about it . On several occasions i had to reload hot coals but could n't lift the gritts . This tool is a must !
 While I 've only used the lifter for about a month now it has performed as advertised . Does all I want it to and that was the intent of the purchase .
 I have n't had to turn these on yet but have a similar cable over our garage that has worked well since we moved in 4 years ago . However the clips that attach to the shingles do not hold and the cable migrated to the gutter . Having just installed addition cable on my and neighbors roofs I used silicone and nails through the clip to secure it . We 'll see how it holds this winter .
 Have the 100 ' length . Choose to put the whole length in a long gutter and a downspout at the end -LRB- doubled-50 ' each way -RRB- . That particular gutter used to become ice-bound everytime it snowed , causing a leak in 1 spot . Result
 Can be applied anywhere melting snow and ice can refreeze and penetrate roof surface causing leaks and related damage.Provides a clear path for melting water to flow off roofNOTE : Intended for the sole use of preventing ice dams from forming in inclined roofs with tab shingles , in gutters and downspouts ** This roof de-icing cable is not intended for use as a snow melting system to clear roof of ice and snow.It should be mentioned in the product description that this cable only helps PREVENTS ice from forming . The product will not clear ice dams that have already formed .
 I bought this set and another 60 foot set to solve a problem with gutters freezing on the North side of my home . One gutter is straight , the other is L-shaped , and both have a single downspout . The instructions were good , and installation was easy , taking about an hour for each gutter/roof segment . I did apply the cable to the roof as well . Although I purchased some extra spacers and clips , they were not necessary , as the kits had more than enough for my installation . Overall , I am happy with the value I received , and just waiting for the next big snow .
 This product appears to be very effective in keeping the gutters free of ice build-up . We have gotten over a foot of snow already this year , and a historically problem area of my roof/gutters appears to be problem free so far this winter !
 So far , the cables have worked well -LRB- we 're in Minnesota -RRB- , although we 've had minimal snow , and perhaps 3 '' at most at one time this year . Another customer posted video showing what happens with heavy snow -LRB- recommended watching it -RRB- , so I 'll be curious to see what happens . When I talked to contractors about installing cables , one also stated that in heavy snows , it may require gentle roof-raking to clear some of the snow on top of the cables so that they can melt the rest.It was n't hard to put the cables up , but it was time consuming given that we had a long length -LRB- over 200 ' -RRB- to put up and were working from a ladder . If you can be on the roof while installing , it will be much quicker . I had someone helping me , so if you have a long length to put up , I 'd recommend getting someone to help for several hours.The instructions were clear and all the parts included . We had just enough clips that attach the cable to the shingles since we used extra to hold parts of the cable closer to the roof . If you buy a long length , or have unusual situations like a change in roof pitch , you might want to buy one extra bag of clips . The most challenging part was having an electrician install an exterior outlet to plug into . All the electricians I talked to also said it 's a good idea to have the cables on their own circuit , but again , that could be only for longer lengths . The manual -LRB- available online -RRB- tells you what electrical requirements you 'll need .
 After the brutal winter we had in the Northeast , I decided to put up cables . I used them years ago and they work great . All the parts are there and the directions are very complete.This is a good product with very good documentation .
 I purchased two 200 foot cables , installed them , took some work but directions were great and understanable . They came with plenty of clips so I have no complaints . Waiting for some snow to watch them work ... wo n't be long , live in Buffalo NY area
 Works as described . I am happy with this purchase . I had the back of my house remodeled and was getting an ice dam on the main roof and this worked wonders in the back gutter . It was cheaper than in the local hardware store and it was virtually the same product .
 I installed the system 6 years ago . Worked great every winter until this one . It 's been unusually harsh in CT -LRB- 60 '' accumulation total to date -RRB- . The huge amount of snow and ice overwhelmed this otherwise great ice dam prevention system . So , for the first time , I have water damage in several places in my house as a result of ice dams . My take is that if there is not over 1-2 feet of snow and ice sitting on the roof , this system will work fine .
 Last winter , I had $ 2,400 damage to my house due to more ice than we had in the past 25 years in Pennsylvania . This year , I was pleased to see the edges of the floor line and my new gutters .
 I have not used this product yet , had a similiar cable for years with no problems and needed a longer cable , this looks like it will do the job , comes complete with clips and like all products i get from Amazon or its stores I have always been satisfied.Shipping was right on time .
 Nice heavy duty cord . Should work well for keeping an area unfrozen this winter
 Good product at a reasonable price . Much damage can be done to your spouting and shingles without this product to prevent Ice Up . If water runs inside to your wall , the damage is more severe . With the winter that broke records older than 100 years , protection like this in more important than ever !
 Same item as sold in most home improvement stores , BUT , LESS EXPENSIVE !! Thank you Amazon and retailer -LRB- s -RRB- !
 I bought this Easy Heat de-icing cable mainly for amazon availbility and price . In my local hardware store do n't carry this such a product , because I live in the place that almost never have single digit temperature . I used this product for other purpose -LRB- incubator -RRB- . First arrived DOA , because of Amazon great place to shop , to get RMA and free of charge for returning and I got the replacement first , no hastle at all , keep good service to customer .
 We live in the northeast and have a flat roof -- a horrible combination . When our gutters freeze up , the water on the roof -LRB- which has a parapit wall around it -RRB- has no place to go . Eventually it freezes but the ice closest to the warmer house melts during the day and voila , we have an indoor waterfall !!! We put this deicing kit up and down the gutter and around the opening and have had no problems -- except when my son accidentally cut the wire !! Def recommend this product .
 Good quality build , not junk . Have not had any problems with this item . Fast delivery as always with Amazon Prime . To the negative reviewers I would say this
 I did not use this until this season but it certainly works to eliminate ice dam buildup . I am relieved to have it installed on the roof where I needed it . I installed it myself with a bit of planning - quite rewarding .
 Although not recommended , I did use an extension cord . I was not about to install another GFI outlet . So far , so good throughout the first two snow storms of the season . . No ice build up in the gutter in the downspout .
 I live where snow accumulation can be quite the problem . I purchased this length after using the calculation chart from the manufacturer 's website . I do not have gutters and the chart allows for that . When I began installing it looked like too much cable . It ended up being just a little longer than I really needed . It worked out well because I used the extra length in the valley to extend the effectiveness of the cable . The clips worked well and I have them on a switch so I can control when to turn them off and on . So far so good . I would recommend to a friend .
 We ran this through our gutter because our gutter always freezes and then ice covers our porch . This does provide one or two lines of water instead of solid ice , but it did not fix the problem . It helps a bunch compared to how it used to be , but it does n't warm enough to melt much ice -LRB- or in our case , it does n't keep a whole lot of water from freezing -RRB- .
 Exactly what I needed . Easy to install . Only have used it for a dusting snow so far but it tested out fine .
 have used these for two years to prevent ice damming until i replace my roof . i would recommend this product .
 I have purchased in the past a competitors product in a big box store that ignited when I first plugged it in . This one worked perfectly .
 great product easy install , will buy more of the Easy Heat ADKS-100 20-Foot Roof Snow De-Icing Kit in different lenths
 Product relatively easy to install . Does not seem to deteriorate over # of years . Heat is enough to melt through snow and ice no matter how heavy within 6 hours . Very effective for preventing gutter freeze ups resulting in roof damage . Have been using for 15 + years .
 I had a problem with ice dams on my roof . The Snow melts above and when the water reaches the eaves part of the roof it freezes and causes a dam of ice which causes problems . The easy heat roof cables solved this problem . You just turn it on when the air temperature is between 15 and 35 degrees and it heats that part of the roof which keeps the ice from building up . I found it fairly easy to install , although I needed assistance with part of it . There are good instructions and plenty of parts to complete the job .
 Works as advertised , is a better quality cable than that available at Lowes or Home depot . If you have squirrels around take this down in the spring time - this lesson cost me $ 100 .
 I installed this because I had water , which would freeze on the side of the house and ruin the paint , dripping down the inside of the gutters . It was an ice damming mess . This heated wire worked wonders and I installed it in about 1/2 hour .
 I purchased twoEasy Heat 100-Foot Roof De-Icing Cable #ADKS -500 via Amazon.com and received them in a few days after the order . They are exactly what I was looking for and at a better price then I could find locally . Installed within a few days and they work perfectly .
 works great . first snowfall has already melted from the treated areas of my roof and no ice dams !
 Easy Heat ADKS-500 100-Foot Roof De-Icing CableEasy to install and works good at temps above 10 degs F. Below 10 degs F it does n't have the heat to melt the ice enough . But that 's explained in the directions so it was n't a surprise . Overall it 's a good product for the money .
 I have one on one part of the roof and am adding to another part of the roof . Stops ice dam and mainly the dangeous icicles that hang over the doorways waiting to fall on someone and that drip onto the walkway that then freezes creating ice sheets
 This is the best price I 've seen online or in stores for this product . It was very easy to use and the instructions were simple to follow including sample layouts . We just installed it so have n't been through heavy snow and ice yet , but tested it out with about four inches of snow last week and it seems to perform well . We had another product previously that worked very well , but the cable was damaged and had to be replaced . This appears to work just as well .
 It is important to read the installation instructions -LRB- available online in three languages -RRB- BEFORE you buy . And plan carefully . I decided I did not want the traditional W pattern along the roof -LRB- because I still wanted the option of raking the snow off this part of my roof -RRB- , opting instead for a double run in the gutter and downspout into the ground . So after doing the math , for my 26 ' front porch I determined I needed a 80 ' heat tape . One of the good things about buying this product from Amazon is they offer eight different lengths , from 200 ' to 20 ' . My local hardware store had only two lengths -LRB- neither was the right one -RRB- and they were at significantly higher prices.Another reason for buying here was that I calculated that with my design I would need more cable spacers than were included with the cable . Fortunately , Amazon sells packets of hooks and spacers.I am giving only 4 stars today because although the installation went perfectly , we have yet to have any snow since the tapes were installed . Assuming they perform as I expect I will come back and add a fifth star .
 Easy to install , flexable cable , plenty of clips , instructions are helpful in the layout , oversize to be sure ofcomplete coverage in the needed areas . It beats coming up short in case of mis-judging the distance . Happy melting !
 Used this same brand cable last winter with good results . Tried to find a 120 foot cable locally buy no one carried it . Price I paid through Amazon for this product was about the same price I paid for the cable I purchased last year that was less that half of the length of the one I just purchased .
 Thia item was installed on ou roof to decrease the ice build up during freezing storms . No storms yet ; we hope it solves the problem when the time comes this winter .
 Last winter I had the worst ice dam I 've ever had on one side of my house and I was up on a ladder trying to alleviate the problem by chipping away at the ice . Not a safe thing to do . My Dad had a de-icing cable on his gutter and it lasted for over 10 years and all he had to do was plug it in and the problem was solved . So this is my first one on my house and I know I wo n't have to worry this winter about the ice . Installation is easy . Make sure to buy the correct length of cable and mapping your layout on paper before you get up there to install it helps immensely . This brand of de-icing kit was recommended by my electrician and he 's never steered me wrong on products .12 / 24/12 Had quite a bit of snow around 9 '' that came down in 1 day . Then the sun came out for the next couple days and with that came the melt down . I kept an eye on the gutters and plugged in the de-icing cable and after a 4-5 hours I could hear the melted ice running in the downspout . What a relief to have this . My cable does n't have the automatic turn on switch but it 's no big deal to just step outside and plug it in .
 Excellent product , have used them in the past . Would recommend to prevent ice damming in your rain gutters . Make sure you know exact length in ordering the cables .
 These cables are durable and easy to install . I recommend putting them up before the cold weather hits , as they require a bit of shingle manipulation , and it 's nice to get some warm sunshine on the roof to seal those back down after the install . The clips at the top of the triangle runs -LRB- the ones that support the most weight -RRB-
 It takes a little effort to get cables situated correctly on roof to get maximum melting benefit of future ice jams . It did solve my problem of accumulating ice with 90 % reduction of ice collecting on roof and gutter .
 this is a replacement for the one I took down 5 years ago . the one I took down was at least 20 years old and did not even look as good as this new one does when it was new . so far no damm ice , then again its only september ! I am very confident this will work in Jan. & Feb. to keep my valleys & gutters free of ICE DAMMS or damm ice !
 Got the water line ice cubes thawed out and the water flowing again also going to use in my greenhouse .
 I used it under bushes to keep from freezing , worked great in AZ , Keep them covered , did not lose a bush down to 28
 Good price for 200 feet of de-icing roof cable . Not as easy to install as I thought but once it is in place it work great to keep snow and ice from building up on roof and rain gutters .
 Much more affordable than the local box hardware stores and works great ! Easy to install . Puts an end to an icy sidewalk
 i use these for heating seeds -LRB- with a multi-programmable timer -RRB- works like a champ ! They last for years , will buy again as needed .
 My old one stopped working , Maybe a rodent ate it . This did the job , came on time and roof area de iced
 Had problems with my downspout and drain under the sidewalk freezing . Ran this through the downspout and the underground drain . I did loop this the wire just to be safe and ensure there was enough heat and a good path for water to drain . Completely resolved freezing problems .
 I just installed a new roof this year and ordered this to help make sure it did n't get damaged from ice damming over my dining room . Four feet of snow so far this season and this seems to be doing it 's job . Not professional grade , but does what it claims to do .
 i use it for my rv hose it keeps the water warm and unthawed its nice cause it gives extra warmth to take showers been using it for a year now no problems out it so if u have a rv and use it during cold months this is great for that
 This works very well for us . We live where there is little snow that does n't stay more than a day or two , usually , so do n't need roof snow de-icing kits for the usual reason . However , we found that they work wonders under trays of seeds for spring planting . We start our seeds on a table with the heated line secured in loops and have germination in 5-7 days . The seedlings grow well in warm soil . For three years we 've had only 100 feet of cord and fought over every inch . With this and another order , we now have 400 feet , and things are much better . Try it , it works , and is cheaper than the official gardening grow mats . Probably more reliable too .
 Our Business has saved both time and resources with this prouduct , further more cutting down maintenance cost by as much as 12 % per winter quarter !
 It does well at maintaining a pathway for water to drain , but does not do well with melting ice that has already formed , for which you need a different product . It sure beats going up on a ladder to clear the gutters with hot water/a heat gun , etc. .
 This product is great . It helped me to save thousands of dollars . I did not have to spend money on roof replacement . All problems were sold with this cable .
 Winter was shorter this year than usual and did n't get a chance to install it while snow/ice was on the roof . Looks like it should do the job but not much else I can say about it at this time . It was as advertised and looks like good quality . Seller was very quick and easy to work with on an error in shipping . I have no complaints and would n't hesitate to order from them again .
 The product seems to work well , however it does take some time to melt the ice or snow on the roof . Maybe at least 24 hours or so . My recommendation is to make sure you purchase the correct length . You probably want to get the next size up even after you do the calculation . Also , make sure you install it as per the directions for best usage .
 I 've used various lengths of this Easy Heat de-icing cable for years ; they are reliable and good value.As written in the manual , its primary purpose is NOT to melt 2 '' or thicker of snow or harden ice that caps the foot or two above the roof-line edge , eaves , gutters , or frozen solid downspouts . Its use is to PREVENT this buildup , which means IDEALLY turn on if an imminent -LRB- heavy -RRB- snow storm is brewing . Problem is that it draws quite a bit of electricity when running for days at a time , depending your region of the country , especially for longer cables and when multiple cables are installed around the house . If you have some alternative green , power generating means , then leave them on . For the rest of us relying on our local municipal power grid , you will definitely see an increased monthly electric bill . However , to prevent thousands of dollars of damage caused by ice dams outweighs this annual cost.There are trade-offs in the following suggestions -LRB- I did not like the Easy Heat Thermostat switch they sell , since when does below 32 degrees temperature indicate actual snow fall ? -RRB- . Here are two ways to minimize power consumption :1 . Assuming you or your electrician properly wired the de-icing cable for power , turn on all of the de-icing cables when the sun is shining fully , and turn them off at dusk . Though the temperature is below freezing , the sun 's infrared radiation does aide to accelerate melting the snow and ice while the cables are turned on . -LRB- Another warning to sun bathers not to tan and to use sunscreen . -RRB- Even if it freezes again overnight , do so again the next day . Hopefully , it 's another sunny day . The purpose is to relieve the build up of water in the gutters and down spouts .2 . Since it is impossibly inconvenient to time when the sun -LRB- dis -RRB- appears -LRB- drive home to turn them on or off -RRB- , suddenly the weather turns for the worse , or if you travel a lot , what I 've done is safely wired each de-icing cable to a remote power boot device that is typically used to remotely power off and on computers and servers over the Internet . There are many out there , and are costly -LRB- easily $ 350 + , and you may need several of them depending on how many de-icing cables installed and its lengths -RRB- . Find one where you can schedule multiple events during all 7 days in the week for automatic power off and on , instead of just a simple function of you triggering the receptacle ports to turn on and off -LRB- significantly cheaper -RRB- . You need to be concerned with the power rating -LRB- in Amps -RRB- so it does not trip the electrical breakers or the unit itself.The assumption here is
 shipping and packaging was excellentitem appeared in good conditionnot cold enough to give it the test but it looks good
 This product works as stated and does a great job . Description did not state clearly that metal roof clips were included . More than enough clips came with the heat cable .
 We priced these at Lowes and Home Depot and this is the best price around ! We purchased the 100ft cord and it does take a while to heat up , but works wonderfully .
 I purchased this 200 foot kit to take care of the front of my home to cover the roof line along the gutters along with one large valley and two smaller ones that were extremely prone to ice damming . $ 1500 in water damage from ice damming the previous winter drove me to find a solution . Installation was not difficult . Pre-planning your runs is necessary to determine the proper length and placement of the wiring . This stage is critical and careful measurement and attention to detail goes a long way to make installation easy . Pre-planning , including measurements and diagramming took me about an hour . Installation took the better part of an afternoon , but that included several long runs , a long valley , 3 smaller valleys and two 18 foot downspouts . Installation required me to be on a ladder along the straight runs and me being up on the roof for the valleys . I would say it took approximately 3 1/2 hours to install this 200 foot kit . I chose the direct plug-in version for the front of my home as I had an existing plug right where I needed it.We received a small 1 1/2 in . snow only days after I installed it which was great to test the product and make some minor adjustments to spacing and fine-tuning . The real test came this past week with a heavy , wet 8 inch snowfall with 40 mph winds which drifted the snow in the valleys and along the gutter line . The product worked wonderfully , keeping the roof line , valleys , gutters and downspouts clear to allow for water to flow.I now plan on doing the rest of my home , which will likely require running new electric and likely hard-wiring it . I see no issue and nominal cost in doing so as the product works as described . I give this 5 stars for effectiveness for Midwest snowfalls . 4 stars for installation as it is a bit time consuming . The results however , can not be argued .
 I live at 7800 feet in the mountains of Colorado . This bad baby is a must have for our long winters and heavy snow-load . I wish I would have found them sooner ! I have a few of these . Some are permanently placed -LRB- easily done with the clips included in the kit if you have a shingled roof -RRB- and some I keep free floating to wrap around the icebergs that form on some parts of my roof . For the permenent placements I focus on the valleys of my roof and the edges of a steeply sloping roof that I can not walk on without fear of falling . Be aware of the lines when using a roof rake . For the icebergs , I wrap the cord around the bottoms until the heat from the cord cuts the ice away from the roof then I use pure man power to roll the boulder off the roof . One recent winter we had 6 feet in one night so do n't think that I have been neglecting my roof and thus the boulders :-RRB- One caveat ... they hog the energy so our electric bill skyrockets in the winter . I use the temperture plugs that turn on at 32 degrees and off at 45 degrees to cut down on the power bill . This means ... get a size that will work for your space . Do n't get a big one just because you would like to have some extra line on hand ... the bigger it is the more costly they are to use . Also , test them every year , its not good to have a big snow and realize that one of them isnt working . Be gentle with the cables , no snatching or pulling .
 I 've been using this for 2 winters now . Working great ! Stopped my ice dam problem and it 's keeping water from entering my house via the ceiling , so I love it ! Easy to install with a little patience and no fear of heights !
 After the major snowfall last winter in New England -LRB- Boston area -RRB- , I decided to buy the 200-foot cable for a part of my roof that did n't fare too well with all that snow . I installed it about two months ago and it seems to have done the trick ... we got no snow this year!Seriously though , the cable did a great job melting the snow from the one storm we 've had so far this winter -LRB- about 4-6 inches of snow -RRB- . It was fairly easy to install ... they provide way more than enough clips and the instructions are very clear . The hardest part was getting the end of the cable down through the downspout . I tried attaching a weight to a string , but it did n't work . I wound up using a plumber 's snake to force the string down the downspout , then attached the cable to the string and pulled it through - it worked quite well .
 Easy to install with a little planning . Take your time and it is nearly invisible.Do NOT order extra clips ; it comes with plenty!Last winter very mild , so THIS winter will tell the tale .
 Easy to install , more than enough mounting clips . Works GREAT . Easy to follow instructions . Make sure you have a good layout of how you want it on the roof before you start or you will either run short or have too much cable left over .
 Wires continue to work well . As an added bonus , they have not electrocuted anyone to my knowledge , have yet to short out , and have not set fire to the roof .
 I found this system easy to install . It took me about an hour for the section I had to do . I did tighten all the clips before I started . I think they will hold very well . We had some fairly good winds from hurricane Sandy and nothing on the roof moved . I plugged it in before I started to test it and all was well .
 Arrived as promised . Installation fairly easy . Need more `` S '' clips than other roof clips . Have n't had the product operational as not winter yet !
 i have used this product in past and excellent choice . i have to order more shortly because of new work on house.directions are simple and product works well
 Used them a year ago but did not need them this past winter . It worked quite well and came with plenty of clips . I had bought an extra bag of clips anticipating that I would neet them but did n't . I only plugged it in when the snow started to build up and it kept the gutters clear and kept the snow away from where the roof meets the rest of the house . I did remove it after the winter but kept the clips on the shingles . thinking about buying more for the rest of the house .
 This is a great product for roofs that have ice dam problems . It gets installed along the inside of the gutters , a zig zag or diamond pattern on the roof or straight along the valleys . The order came quick and the kit contains plenty of clips for installing the cable on your roof . I ordered extra clips but did n't need them . In fact , I had a whole lot left over . I do reccomend getting the control box specifically for this product . The control box regulates the de-icing cable so that it only operates when the proper conditions are present . The control box saves electricity and makes for a no-brain operation . Just plug the -LRB- de-ice -RRB- cable into the control box , plug in the control box to a 120 volt receptacle and forget it .
 For many years I shoveled the valleys on my roof , because if I did n't then an extensive amount of ice would develop in the valleys . The only downside for shoveling the roof is that it is back breaking work and can prematurely ruin your shingles . I had to get a new asphalt roof this year so I decided to try these ice melt cables . My neighbor across the street had them and I always wondered if they worked . We have had only two big snows this winter -LRB- go figure -RRB- , but both times I turned on 3 sets of cables -LRB- 120ft , 120ft , 100ft -RRB- and they did their magic . Keeps the gutters and valleys free of ice build up and I do n't have to spend time shoveling the roof . Only downside will be the electric bill , but it is worth it because if I 'm out of town my wife can just turn on the cables while I 'm gone . I could n't be any happier with this device . I do n't even care if I have to replace them every year or so because it is a lot cheaper than investing in a metal roof , etc. . My only regret is that I did n't buy this many years ago .
 We avoided getting defrosting cables for our roof -LRB- in Colorado -RRB- since we figured it would cost a couple grand to have them installed . But after getting horrible ice dams early this winter , we decided we had to have them and we 'd just have to install them ourselves.During a nice break in the weather my hubby installed them over the worst section of roof , and they work fine -LRB- but only for a single storm , so far -RRB- . They are pretty easy to install , and a lot cheaper than paying someone to do it . We 'll end up spending about $ 200 to do all the critical areas of our roof . Not bad . The Amazon price is a little to a lot cheaper -LRB- depending on the length -RRB- than I saw them for anywhere else.Some words of warning
 Shipped fast , great price , works perfectly . cleaned my roof overhang off in about 15 min . had 4 inches of snow on roof it was about 25 degrees out .
 Although I have n't had any melting snow yet to create the possibility of an ice dam , I did test it to make sure it heats and the product appears to be exactly as I expected .
 was very easy to install after locating the height of the loops.way more than enough clips for most common jobs.make sure you have the wires turned on before there is to much ice or it takes a very long time to get ice to melt.the EASY HEAT company had the shipping box full of air bags to protect the de-icing kits.three things i suggest are install in warm weather , wires lay out better.the other have a switch to turn on and off from inside.the last , if you have to use extension cords use OUTDOOR EXTENSION CORDs only , for safety .
 was the best price i could get with the free shipping was delivered on time and was exactly what we needed thanks
 Wonderful product . This will really make the winter chores easier to bear . Highly recommended to anyone with a similar need .
 mine came quickly and i am quite satisfied with my Easy Heat i would highly reccomed this item for anyone thank you Bob
 I have the cables installed . I actually did not use the clips that came with the kit as I did n't want to clip anything to the shingles . I bought a different clip that I was able to adhere between the shingles with roofing cement . No real force here , took some time to cure because of cool temperatures . Cable was very easy to install , I thought getting it in the down spout would be challenging , but piece of cake . I really like the cable spacer clips , they slip right on and squeeze tight with your fingers , made a loop and secured with spacers and down it went right around the bend . On the side of the house I had extra so triple run in the gutter which gave nice coverage . The back side has a double run , so I can compare the results . Visually the triple gutter run is impressive . I also have installed mechanical timers instead of the automatic timers , just going to run a few hours a day on the north side of the house . Doing the math , where I live , in total I have 160 feet of cable installed which works out to be a cost of about 10 cents per hour . See how this system works , but unreal , no test snow yet .
 The heater cables arrived in good condition . There were plenty of the hooks for the installation . I used about 2/3rds of the hooks supplied .
 The last few years we had the worse combination of winter storms that led to ice dams on my roof . Had some problems with water seeping back in the house . I installed this product on the north side of my roof were the problem was worse . It was easy to install , great directions ! We already had a couple of inches of snow , and I was very pleased to see how well it melted channelsfor the run off . I believe it is going to be well worth the money for the piece of mind this winter .
 The cable is pretty easy to install . All hardware that is needed to install is included . The clips grab the underside of the shingle pretty well if you pull on the clip at the same time you press down on the top side of the clip with your other hand . Probably sounds confusing but when you get going on the project I think it will make sense . You are trying to make the teeth on the clip bite into the underside of the shingle.The cable works well and melts the snow to keep the water from freezing . If you have a switched outlet near the location of the cable it will make it easy to turn on when needed . One minor complaint the wire comes tightly coiled , which makes it unruly to work with in cool weather . I suggest you plug it in for a while to warm it and uncoil and stretch it out prior to beginning the installation .
 I have had one of these de-icing cables on the front of my house for a few years and it worked great so I decided to add a few more around the house . I have never had a problem with ice dams but this seems like a pretty cheap precaution especially up here in NH.They provide you with plenty of clips to attached to the shingles and the process is very easy and is a DIY project if you do n't mind being on a ladder . It only took me about 30 min . to install the cable.Just make sure you buy the correct length cable , the way to figure that is through some pre-planning . Take a look at the area you are planning to install the cable and take some measurements . You should have approx 2 foot loops about 16 '' apart , so if you have a 30 length of roof you want to cover your already at 60 ft. , you also need to figure in extra cable for a double run in the gutter -LRB- if you have one -RRB- so if you add the 30 ft. gutter x 2 that 's another 60 ft.Then add the downspout , let 's just say that another 15 ft. x 2 -LRB- need a double run for best results -RRB- that 's another 30ft . So in total you would need a 150 ft. cable for a 30ft . length of roof with a gutter and a downspout .
 Like another review said , the local hardware store wanted $ 85 . I purchased one 100 ft length last winter after ice dams were already formed -LRB- oops -RRB- . I just laid it out on top of the ice and snow -- like it should have been mounted on the shingles ; still worked great . I just moved it a few times to completely melt the ice . I just ordered 3 more 100 ' lengths to mount permanently with the roof clips .
 I bought this Easy Heat de-icing cable mainly for the price . It cost nearly half what similar products were going for in the local hardware stores.So far , I 've been very pleased with it . The instructions were very clear and easy to follow . And the package includes a more than ample supply of roof clips . And , we just went through our first major snowstorm a week ago and the cable worked perfectly . The real test will be to see how many years this lasts . But , for now , I 'm a happy customer .
 We 've had serious problems with ice dams in one section of our roof despite trying several methods to stop them . This year the de-icing cable has solved the problem with flying colors . We have not had temps below zero much yet but ice dams form mainly when the snow is melting and that 's when this works the best.Installation was pretty easy . I had no problems with the clips and the main challenge was working out a scheme to run the cable along the roof edge and into the gutter , but even that was pretty straightforward.That brings me to the one thing I wish would be made more clear - when you install the cable it is in a triangle shaped pattern along the roof , and you may also run it up any valleys in the roof and down the gutter . For me I ended up using about 3 feet of cable per one foot of the actual roof run , so buy longer than you think you will need .
 I purchased this product for installation in a valley on a shingle roof that gets considerable ice buildup . The valley faces the sunshine , so even with proper ventilation the ice melts and refreezes . I ran the cable from the house receptacle , up the downspout , through the gutter , and up AND down the valley . We have had considerable winter weather so far this year and I am happy to have the heat tape there melting the buildup and providing a clear path for water to escape
 For years we suffered from a combination of poor gutter installation and a climate that fosters ice dams plus full and frozen gutters . I actually used some Christmas tube-lights to keep the gutter clear , but they draw a lot of current and have obvious side effects . I found this solution very easy to install , the instructions were clear , the accessories were simple to understand and use , and the gutter has run free and clear since . Plus , this solution does not require installation of new electrical outlets . This is been a cheap and effective solution to our problem with gutters freezing over and dropping ice on our walkways . I would highly recommend this product .
 With 12 + inches of snow on the roof and 20 degree temps I turned on the cables for the first time . To my amazement , the snow is melting and running down the gutter ! Seems to work as stated , I do n't anticipate any ice dams this year !! I have a wood shake roof , not easy to attach cables . I used roofing nails through the clips .
 These work good attached to a greenhouse table in loops about 3 inches apart for seedlings , cloning starts , early flower baskets or pretty much any vegetable . We now have 400 feet and plan to have a year-round garden this year for fresh veggies . Uses very little electricity and greenhouse does n't have to be kept more than about 55-60 . Give it a try !
 The product was in stock , but the process & shipping time seemed very slow . I did eventually get the product .
 I ran this heat cable over a multi-pitch area of my roof that collects a lot of snow and was causing some serious ice build-up . First , I highly recommend uncoiling all of the cable first . I had quite the battle up on the roof fiddling with 160 feet of this stuff that had a mind of it 's own . A sunny Fall day made up for my impatience . Second , I modified each clip as I was attaching the cable to the shingles . The provided clips have two barbs that `` bite '' into the underside of your shingles . I found that they tended to flatten out as I was clamping them onto the shingle edge , and would easily wiggle loose . Not wanting to have to get up on the roof many times to perform maintenance -LRB- remember , you still need to check on the cable periodically to make sure it is in place and in good condition -RRB- I decided to modify the clips a bit . Taking a needle-nose pliers I bent the two barbs back a little more to vertical . This gave them the extra bite needed to stay put on the shingles . Took me all of a few seconds for each clip but better to do it right the first time ! As far as use I 'll repeat what some other reviewers have said and what is in the included instruction manual . These do NOT melt the snow/ice off of your roof ! They merely provide a nice path for the melting to begin . There is no substitute for proper ice-dam construction on a roof but these do help . In my case I insulated to R-60 under my problem area and that helped dramatically by minimizing the effect of thaw/freeze cycles . Another thing to remember is these are n't meant to work in really cold temps . Conditions for thawing and melting need to be there . I use mine only when temps are 15 to 35 degrees -LRB- which the manual states and can often mean daytime only and not at night -RRB- . In my opinion using them below 15 degrees is a waste of electricity . I 've installed cable in a section of gutter/downspout for this winter and I expect it will help there as well .
 The 60-foot kit included 40 pairs of clips . I had some left over . You are unlikely to need to order extra clips.There are about 6 feet of non-heating power cord .
 First-timer installation tips : Get the . pdf install guide on line and read it -LRB- search product downloads of emerson industrial -RRB- . They say all roof line triangles should be spaced 15 '' apart . My gutter spikes are spaced on 16 '' centers , and I was going to go 3 shingle courses up and 16 '' over -LRB- using them as my guide -RRB- . That would probably use about 3 ' of cable per foot of roof line -LRB- per directions -RRB- , but I decided to go 4 courses up . At 16 '' over each , my triangles looked too skinny -LRB- too much cable -RRB- so I decided to go 32 '' over . Before ordering I used a scrap piece of wire & some duct tape to run a test pattern out 10 ' to calculate exactly how much wire I 'd need . It turned out to be only 2 ' of cable per foot of roof -LRB- not including gutters -RRB- , and the triangles looked nice . I am putting a little less wattage on my roof , but then again , I do not need to add a breaker -LRB- for a 5 amp/600w cable -RRB- , just an outlet . I decided to put it inside my garage -LRB- as opposed to an external box -RRB- . I put in a double box , the other side being a switch with pilot -LRB- per . pdf suggestion -RRB- . I might also use a Christmas tree timer to run it as needed on our short winter days when temps are in range -LRB- 20-40 degrees -RRB- ; a cheaper alternative to their `` controller '' . God bless the guys who put it up in an hour -LRB- per other reviews -RRB- ... I did the ridgeline in an hour , but got bogged down with gutters , downspouts , and drilling thru the garage wall where I put my box . Took me an afternoon , but its done right . A little planning will go a long way . Think of where you want your box/control , and which downspout you want your water to drain from . We opted for the far corner on the grass as opposed to near the sidewalk -LRB- to avoid re-freezing there -RRB- . Nice kit , quality clips and such . No problems or surprises . For the first time ever , I am looking forward to some snow !
 This system saved us from ice dam water damage . We have all kinds of crazy roof lines and using this system saved me from expensive damage . The one roof area that did not have the system -LRB- yet , I will have it there before next winter too -RRB- had ice dams that were over 16 '' thick and lots of water built up behind those dams . Follow the instructions and it is easy to install too -LRB- so long as you do n't mind being up on the roof or on ladders -RRB- . The clips included with the system make it a snap to install . Purchasing from Amazon is great ... qucik delivery and peace of mind when it come to customer service !
 This is a very affordable DIY solution . I ordered an 80ft Easy Heat deicing kit through Amazon -LRB- did n't order a control kit -RRB- . Shipping time was very reasonable , the packing was quite adequate , and the directions were easy to read.Installation on a 20 ft roof section was a snap
 I 've got a couple of these cables and they 're both doing great work . One is in a trick big gutter keeping it as ice-free as possible.The one I 'm happiest with though is the one I got last week after the 2 + inches of ice here in Indiana . I 've been using it on my driveway to melt a grid and loops in the ice and it goes through the ice like a hot knife through butter . Once the cable has melted huges cracks and lines in the ice , it 's easy to pry them up off the driveway . My driveway was cleared much faster this way than any of my neighbors dumping bag after bag of ice melting salts on theirs.Depending on the outside temp , it took 2-4 hours to melth through each couple of inches of ice , then I 'd love the cord to the next section.Love it .
 The rope works just fine . I 've been able to keep my gutters clear all winter . Compare that to last year when I had water backing up into the roof and buying this kit was worth every penny ! One warning , I did n't buy enough rope to zig-zag across the lower part of my roof . Do your research and know how much rope you will need before ordering .
 They work fine . I installed them only in the gutters which creates a gap between the edge of the gutter and the roof . Make sure you do n't have any holes in your downspouts . Water drips out and freezes on the outside all the way to the ground and can pull the down spout away from the siding . The cables are melting the ice and snow preventing the backup under the shingles .
 I have used this technaflora system for a year now and have doubled my produce this year . If you want a easy but more in depth system than this is it . Yes you can find simple 3 part systems but I have to tell you this system will double your harvest vs those simple 3 part systems ! I had bought the starter kits by technaflora and I just slowly added more bottles as I ran out , now after a year I can truly say I have doubled my harvests over any other system I have used !
 It cost a little bit more than others but it is a lot cleaner to work with.I 'm just a horticulture green horn.Happy growing !!!!
 This arrangement of table and chairs is comfortable the size and angle of seating and backrest ample . Our concern is how to keep the hardware from coming loose !!!
 This brand has good sticky.I test by lightly putting my finger briefly to an installed strip and see if it sticks as I pull it away . Some brands do n't or they are shipping old and dry ribbons BUT this one is a good one . I hang two next to a light bulb in the utility room and leave the light on at night to catch anything that flew in during the day ...
 works great to stop these nasty orange bugs and the little black bugs that invade my house every fall thank you norm
 Does exactly what it is supposed to do . Reduces the number of flies flying around the house . Would def recommend this product .
 Bought 6 ribbons exactly like this from the dollar tree for of course 1 dollar . They work great if you have any sense and put them where the flys go . they are n't really a problem for me though I bought these to get rid of gnat and the occasional mosquito , Kept them around a bright light fixture in the rooms they 're always in and about a month later the thing was covered in them all over . They 'll last a while too before the stop being sticky , which is usually a couple month for me but i ; ve had some last 6 months to a year , just save yourself the money though and get it at dollar tree .
 WORKS WORKS WORKS . we got flys everywhere and it works just like they say ! getting them all ! i got it inside my house and outside . no odor just a bit dripping on the floor but it 's not hard to clean if off my floor .
 I used both this product and the clear window traps to clear up an infestation in a pet room in about a week . This product is better for clearing the infestation since you get much more surface area for the price . It is as sticky as a tar pit , so I would n't place it behind curtains or blinds . The ribbon is unattractive so once the infestation is cleared up , I would go with the clear window traps to get any stragglers .
 Cons : * The instructions on the box for how to use this fly paper are ridiculously unhelpful . I have never been able to pull out the ribbon `` in a twirling motion , '' and why exactly do I need to store the thumbtack `` in a secured position '' ? Am I to call up my friends and ask them to set up ambushes in case the fly army comes to steal the thumbtack ? * Even when you do figure out how to use it , it 's really kinda clumsy and you 'll probably end up with some of the sticky goop on your hands.Pros : * The flypaper is coated in a generous amount of very sticky goop that will trap lots of flies . * The goop is rosin and rubber mixed with an undisclosed but presumably harmless solvent . -LRB- Consumer products with truly nasty solvents carry lots of warnings these days , which are notably absent . I 'm not sure what the solvent is , but given the absence of a strong smell , I suspect an alcohol , possibly isopropyl . -RRB- I would n't exactly eat it , but as far as pesticides go , this is not particularly toxic . This means you can safely use it in your kitchen and if somehow a bit of sticky gets on your hands and then you make a sandwich , you wo n't be poisoning yourself . * The goop readily dissolves in vegetable oil , so it 's actually fairly easy to clean it off your hands
 My cat got the cat flap twisted and a bunch of flies got into the house while I was sleeping . We 're talking a zillion flies . Ok , maybe 50 or so . I had peeled peaches that morning and every fly in the county found my house.I hate fly paper . It is gross . Gross beyond belief but it works and works well . I stuck a ribbon to the kitchen light and turned every other light in the house off that night . Next morning , all but 4 flies were caught.Taking the ribbon down gave me the hebbie gebbies . It is so gross . I wanted to hurl . But , by 1000 , all flies were gone . No nasty chemicals and a briefly nauseated me.One light bulb + a string of fly ribbon = no more flies .
 I used this tape as part of an evil Take Down The Fruit Flies scheme and it worked beautifully.I put a 1/2-inch of balsamic or red wine vinegar in the bottom of a cup and then coated the outside of the cup in this fly tape . All of the fruit flies flocked to the smell , but the moment they touched down to inspect it , they were stuck to the tape.In just one day , my two traps caught almost ALL of the fruit flies that have been plaguing us . Of course , the tape is very gross to look at , but there are n't any more flies buzzing around irritating us . YAY!Love this stuff . Stocking up on more in case any future outbreaks happen .
 this back pack is light , material seems cheap , only time will tell though . I 'm in college and there 's only enough room for 3 text books , 2 3subject notebooks , a water bottle and the other random pencils ect .
 These tables are of great quality for a great price , but nowhere in the description is a color given and from the photo it is hard to tell . They are brown , not black , which we needed them to be , so we returned them .
 I purchased these tables for my patio and was not looking for something expensive , just something to put things on while I was sitting on the patio . I like these because they are sturdy , you get 3 different sizes , and there is no assembly involved . They are brown , but for the price , I was n't picky . The rest of my outdoor furniture is black , but I can always spray paint later if I want to . You ca n't beat the price for 3 tables . I had trouble finding just one table for this price !
 These were just what I needed - inexpensive casual tables to add to my patio furniture . However , they were a bit difficult to separate .
 I bought these because they were inexpensive , and I just love them . I use one outside as a plant stand , and then another one inside as a plant stand . The third one , the biggest one , I use as a table by the front door . The tops are a little uneven , so you could n't use it as , say , an end table or anything . But they 're pretty , and they 're sturdy , also . I do n't regret this purchase at all .
 I love my tables . They make my area look more spacious , and I am very pleased with them .
 I purchased these for our Large Deck . These are a great match to the patio furniture we already have . They are a brown wrought iron in finish.This is a great value , You ca n't find 1 table for the price of the set of all 3 . Do n't miss out on this great steal .
 these were a bargain , and look great with plants over various areas outside . I would recommend them as a different display for plants outside .
 Yes they were a bit tricky to take a part . You have to turn them around and push through . They wo n't pulled apart . I like these , found them on a Friday special for much less then the current listing . They are dark brown and very stylish . They are out on the deck now looking very sophisticated , come the summer weather they will earn their keep They appear to be well made and will serve their function . The smallest one will hold a planter and the others will be placed near chairs . They do look good . Did I say deck ? I meant my veranda !
 I have been playing w/my new Tesoro Silver uMax for about a month now . It does take a learning curve as without the digital electronics like the Garrett Ace , it does not tell you what metal you have hit . I have dug many a soda can even after discriminating out everything but quarters and pennies , but that is part of the learning aspect . All in all , I love this unit . I did lots of research before buying and must say that it is a wonderful machine . I know I will get better with practice so I can only get even more pleased ! You really learn to `` listen '' to this detector , which to me , is better than relying on a digital output .
 This detector is simply amazing . I give it 5 stars . Instead of the normal Beeps you get on other machines , which makes pinpointing so hard , this gives you a longer signal which helps you lock onto the target easier and quicker , and 100 % of the time it 's in the middle hole of the coil . I ca n't believe I have n't used this machine before now .
 First beep and I 'm 15 cents closer to paying it off ! Extremely fast delivery and well-packaged . My four year old now wants one of his own after helping me dig and find items in our yard and garden .
 I am very pleased with this detector . Simple , light , and efficient . Finds deep and pinpoints easily . It certainly is n't a toy . There is a learning curve to filtering out the trash , but nothing major . This was my first detector , so I did n't have to unlearn using another type . You may stumble a bit if you 've used others with a LCD and have come to depend on that input.Ground Balance is not adjustable . If ground mineralization is an issue where you detect you may need to look at another detector.One 9 volt battery last an extremely long time . Headphones with volume control are a must -- this thing has a very loud speaker.Twelve hours of use and I 'm already 1/6 of the way to paying for it ; -RRB-
 Still learning how to use this detector , however , I made this purchase due to the fact that it is made in the USA and the only detector I could find that has a lifetime guarantee . This item was well packaged and delivery was made within the normal time frame .
 Ive had this Tesoro Silver U max detector for the past few years and its been great to me , very accurate , pretty deep searching and the 9 volt battery life is very long!The discrimination circuit works fantastic and although I though at the time I might need a more advanced detector , it didnt take me long to find out this is the perfect one for me ! Its made in the good ol USA well built and you cant beat the warranty on it ! Thanks Tesoro for making a great lightweight , fun to use machine!Youve won me over for life in this hobby !
 Great detector . Sensitive and easy to use . I was up and hunting in 20 min . I did notice some RF interference in my house from my wireless internet . Out in the park it settled right down and was amazingly accurate . I was easily able to pinpoint very small targets . The detector is very light weight and is a pleasure to use . All the great reviews I read online were not wrong . It is simple and works .
 I 'm new to the metal detecting hobby so I did n't want to put out a lot of money toward the purchase of a decent unit . This metal detector lives up to the reviews from others and recommendations from some so-called experts I found on-line .
 Bought this for my father-in-law who is an avid marshmallow roaster . He loves it ! The handle is long enough that he does n't burn his fingers .
 This is a really nice fork for the buck ! A worthwhile purchase for sure .
 If you take care and soak these properly and lay down a foil barrier below the handles as demonstrated on BBQU , you should get quite a few uses out of them . They are sturdy and do not splinter as you skewer your food even after multiple uses .
 I got these to make my sons Rehearsal dinners vegetable kabobs , and after I figured out how to make a small slit in the vegetables before I put them on the stick , they worked great , held up under fire and everything was perfect , easy to turn and never started on fire .
 Used to make bacon wrapped shrimp kabobs . Worked perfectly . High quality and no splintering . Highly recommended for any grilling , kabob , or other application . Length is good and product is excellent .
 I was very tired of grilling with the round skewers . The meat/shrimp would just spin around making it very difficult to flip . I definitely recommend getting these flat bamboo skewers . I did n't even need to pre-soak the skewers . The meat was n't over cooked on one side while undercooked on the other side . These are worth buying !
 The flat design is great for turning on the grill . Slightly harder to insert into food but well worth it when you go to turn them over .
 These work great for the use I intended them for as an aide to making pancakes .
 Nice little blo/vac . Gave it four stars , because suction is not quite as awesome as I had hoped . Blower is fantastic . I use it in-between dustings to remove dog hair from furniture . Great for removing dust accumulated on ceiling and floor fans . Does a really good job of cleaning blades and grates as well . I use it to clean my laptop and other hard to reach places that dust accumulates . I just blow the dog hair , dust , lint build up , etc. to the floor and vacuum it away . Great cheat for people with lots if whatnots and little time to dust . Time saver . Some reviews have complained of the smell . To me , it is just a light machine oil smell that only lingers for about a half hour . A quick spray of air freshener does the trick for me .
 This blower is PERFECT for blowing leaves and debris off of my two patios -- so the dog -LRB- and people ! -RRB- do n't track them into the house . It 's small enough to keep indoors -LRB- in a closet -RRB- so I do n't have to take the `` long '' trek to the garage to get it .
 I run a computer repair business , and I do a lot of cleaning out the insides of desktop PC 's . I 've tried many portable vacuums & blowers , but this `` Blower/Vacuum '' is definately the best in it 's league . It has a very powerful combination blower/suction that is perfect for vacuuming and blowing the dust & dirt from computer casings . Because of the power , it is a little noisy indoors ; but I highly recomend this product ! Best Bang for the Bucks !
 I needed a clean up blower for my shop . This machine is perfect ... lot of velocity and the construction appears to be solid . It comes with spare brushes , so that is a plus .
 Ive used it as a blower and it has enough power to blow the debris a short distance . But it takes a little effort .
 I have used this same blower for 2 years now and it 's still running strong . I am a professional Showroom Auto Detailer and there is nothing better than this little blower to blast water out of grills , rims , tires , bumbers , trim , etc. after the vehicle is washed . After I blast the water from these hard to reach places the vehicle is then ready for a quick towel drying with only a single towel ! Then on with the claying and or polishing and wax . A great investment that gives the most bang for the buck .
 very powerful blower , for it 's small size I am truely amazed ! not very expensive , I honestly did n't expect it to have the power that it has . Would recommend !
 I chose this little portable blower among two competitors because it was also listed as a vacuum . Its a great little powerful blower . But it is not a vacuum . The instructions for using it as a ` vacuum ' are to place a small bag at the end of the blower , and then pick things up with the blower intake !! -LRB- not as the picture implies -RRB- . This is a joke , but since I really bought this as a blower , I wo n't let this bit of marketing ingenuity spoil the purchase !
 Wow , Bought this to detail my new -LRB- used -RRB- solstice and my , oh my ! I took it out of the box and turned it on , what a miniature hurricane . The power of this mighty might is incredible . However , it may burn out the motor after 20 washes or so ? so WHAT ! it was 20 bucks , buy another.Love it !
 I just received this item yesterday and am very pleased at how powerful this little blower is . I needed something to help clean off the grass clippings from the deck of a riding mower . It was hard on me to do all the bending to get some of the grass out . I know you can use a water hose but I do n't have enough pressure in my water lines to get all the clippings off of the top of the mower deck . It took so long to do and did n't help my back with that much bending . It took about 10 to 15 minutes and I could attached my under deck cleaner to clean the blades . It was also helpful in getting leaves out of my sliding door tracks and the leaves that get stuck in the corners of my deck rails . It definitely is very light weight and had more power than I thought it might have had . Also , the button that holds the trigger is very helpful , so you do n't have to constantly press on the trigger to make it run . My hands get numb or hurt if I have to hold triggers for any length of time .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Purchased this hand held blower to help me in washing my car ... I saw a hand car wash place using them and how fast and efficient they worked ... no scratches , etc. . I woyld recommend it highly ...
 It is a wonderful product for removing dust from my electronic equipment . Great for cleaning PC keyboards and laptops . My wife does not like the smell when I turn it on , but it will get used .
 OK , so here 's the deal . I spent hours researching all the composter products out there -LRB- Mantis ComposT-Twin , ComposTumbler , EnviroCycle , bla bla bla -RRB- and I googled all these guys , tried to find what people were saying , loved , hated , etc. and finally decided on this 9.5 Cubic Foot Urban Compost Tumbler . -LRB- -LRB- My neighbor has the Mantis CompostT-Twin and the cogs are breaking , etc. after only 2 years and to be honest , it just is n't all that hot . Plus , it seems to have aeration/oxygen issues and nothing to agitate the compost once inside the drum -RRB- . This UCT-9 .5 guy is amazing . I have been using it now for a while and it does exactly what it says and makes beautiful compost . I take extra care with my compost and shred things , watch my recipe , watch my percentage nitrogen and carbon inputs , use an activator etc. * AND * I have my composter in FULL SUN ! . And the stuff that comes outta the thing is awesome . I bought two at the time and now I wish I had 3 . Could n't be happier here . If you buy another composter that is not this one , just make sure you know why you 're buying it .
 I 've used one of these for several years with good success . My ex kept it in the divorce - so I 'm ordering another one.Positives - Compact - no mess in the garden or side yard . Can be moved . Tumbling a couple of times per day speeds things up - but if you miss a few days it will still work - just takes a little longer . I find it easy to load and the base is n't made of metal products so I do n't worry about rust . The ventilation system works well to help composting.Minus - and why I do n't give it a five star . The bar up the middle sometimes makes it difficult to get everything out . -LRB- I do n't know how they could change that and still get ventilation . -RRB- To empty , you may need help from someone to tip the back up and hold it - or you will need to prop it up . I use a step ladder with a board sticking out of it to hold the tumbler in position.I was surprised to see reviews of frustration on this composter and thought I would share how I use mine and how it works for me.If you want to get compost every few weeks - that 's not going to happpen unless you have more than one . Why ? Because an active gardener is always adding to the composter . You have to choose a time to stop and let the composter work . Unless you have some place to store the items you are going to compost later , or do n't mind not composting everything , you will need two.How I use it .1 . Be careful on your greens and browns . Too much green and you will get the `` sticky green ball '' - and it wo n't compost until you take it out , break it up and add some browns . Experiment with the right amount for your area and type of plant material available to you .2 . Add some dirt to your composting - seriously this makes a huge difference - it introduces the mirco-organisms to get good composting . I periodically add a shovel full as I add greens and browns .3 . When you are ready to use the compost - do n't empty it completely - you want to keep some of the micro-organisims you 've got in there - kind of like a sour dough start .4 . In the summer I 'm always looking for browns . If I do n't have enough , I get sawdust from a cabinet shop . Be careful to get saw dust only from raw wood - not particle board , treated or stained wood .5 . In winter , I 'm looking for greens - I get those primarily from the kitchen . I do n't use animal products such as meat scraps - it attracts roaches and vermin . Many weeds grow all year - even in the north where I live - periodically pulling and adding to the tumbler helps . The weeds have n't set seeds and there is less weeding to do in the spring when it 's raining and they run ahead of you .6 . Do n't compost lawn clippings - too much green . You should be mowing with a mulch mower anyway .7 . Put your composter in full day sun - if you ca n't do that - get at least six hours per day . If you ca n't do that , you probably should n't be composting with this item - maybe not at all .
 I have owned this product for several years now . It is definitely not perfect , but is also definitely not all bad . I struggled whether to give it 3 stars or 4 . Three and a half would have been perfect.First of all , my dislikes : * After time , the lid does become somewhat hard to put back on . This is my biggest `` gripe '' with this unit . My belief is that this is due to the plastic on the lid being much stiffer -LRB- thicker and ribbed -RRB- than that of the body , and that when hot the body warps somewhat and the lid does not . This problem is much more pronounced on hot days . If you try to put it back on in the cool of the morning , it is not much of a problem . Even during the hot days , I have learned to get the lid on with not too much problem most of the time . That being said , it is difficult enough that my wife can not get the lid on during hot summer days . This would be extremely difficult for an elderly person to do . The design should be adjusted to fix this problem . * Do n't waste your time with the tea catcherTea Catcher For UCT-9 Composter . This is not the unit you want to make tee in and further , the adaptor , which can not be removed , is somewhat of a hazard when turning the unit . * I wish it were larger . We have a fairly good size garden and I would like to be able to generate more compost at a time . I find I can fill it up very quickly , and often find myself wishing it were larger . -LRB- See further on for turning this tumbler , it is not hard ! -RRB- Additionally , I find that this unit is not large enough to generate the necessary heat to compost over the winter . A load in the summer takes only a few weeks , but a load in the winter takes essentially the entire winter . During the winter , the outer portions of the material in the tumbler frost over and do not compost until you turn the unit and get them more into the middle , and the middle portions are still not warm enough to compost quickly . In the hot summers , this is not a problem . If I were to do it again , I would probably spend the extra money and purchase something like theMantis 4000-00-02 ComposT-Twin Composting Bin . This is more than twice the size and has two chambers - two at a time , or one for the pile you are doing now and one for collecting stuff for the next pile . -LRB- Oh , would my wife love to get the stuff out of her kitchen/garage while it waits for the bin to be freed up ! -RRB- * It is a bit of a pain that you have to tilt the thing nearly upside down to empty it . This however is not a huge problem . My wife and I -LRB- mostly my wife -RRB- have learned to put a tarp under the bin and dump the compost onto the tarp and then just drag the tarp to where we want to use the compost . Not a huge deal . Again , the Mantis might be easier here too , but at twice the price!Ok , still with me ? Now for the good : * I have had fairly good luck making compost with this unit , especially -LRB- as noted above -RRB- during the warmer seasons . We have quite a few trees on our property and about once a year we prune everything and then rent a chipper and make a huge pile of wood chips . -LRB- The finer you can chop/shred the `` browns '' the better off things will go , and soaking them overnight before putting them in seems to help too . -RRB- Then , as we collect `` green stuff '' -LRB- kitchen scraps , lawn clippings , etc -RRB- we mix them in equal parts -LRB- by volume -RRB- with the wood chips in the compost bin . This goes pretty quickly , because you collect plenty of kitchen scraps for the next batch while the current batch is composting . Or one time mowing the grass is usually more than enough greens for a batch . Two additional comments here from another review I read . You MUST layer the stuff as you put it in . I put in a couple inches of wood , and then a couple inches of green . When I get about a quarter or third full I put the lid on and mix everything up really well . Then repeat the process until full . If things are not mixed well then the greens will turn into `` slime '' -LRB- like the bucket of kitchen scraps that my wife would like me to get out of the garage ! -RRB- . Second comment , the unit is MUCH easier to turn when full then when only half full because it is balanced when full . When it is only partially full it is out of balance and very hard to turn . When full , my wife - who is tiny - can turn this easily . When it is only half full , it is a bit hard even for me - especially if the contents are really wet -LRB- and heavy -RRB- . * This has been really fun to have with the kids . They see things grow in the garden and then see things `` turn back into earth '' in the composter . This has also really helped our family be more contentious about wasting less . Our kids know that `` garbage '' goes in the garbage can , `` recycling '' goes in the recycling can , and kitchen scraps go in the compost bin . We really waste a lot less and I believe we are teaching our kids that lesson also . * The unit is quite sturdy . It has stood up to cold winters and hot summers and shows very little signs of wear . * This is so much easier than turning a pile by hand ! I did piles by hand before I got this unit , and as I have said , the unit is not perfect , but it is so much easier and much faster than simple piles that you must turn by hand -LRB- 3 weeks for compost versus 3 months -RRB- . In all , for the money I am happy with my purchase . If I had more to spend I would probably try the Mantis for its size and double chambers , but this unit gets the job done , and for someone with a relatively small garden , this would probably be more than enough .
 We could n't be happier with this composter . All our research pointed to this model
 I bought this product a while ago and it looks really nice in my den . Perfect for a vase of flowers . It 's attractive and simple to put together .
 I bought this plant stand as a Christmas present for my mom . It was shipped promptly and was packed securely with bubble wrap and a protective covering for the tile table top . My mom loved it , she called and asked me where I got it because she wanted to order another one .
 These plant stands are very attractive . The tile on top reminds me of Mexican tile . -LRB- It 's not - the stands are made in China -RRB- However on the shorter stand the tile sits at an angle . I use it for a phone stand and for the price its not worth returning .
 I am pleased with my purchase of the two stack tables . It fits my need perfectly . I use one for a small lamp , and the other for a bedside table . I was also pleased with the price .
 Okay , so you pretty much get what you pay for . It 's not top-quality . It 's far from perfect . But what a price ! ^_^ It 's wobbly , and scratchy , and a little chipped around the edges . But it 's also very graceful and elegant . The tile top is beautiful . The feel is rustic and homey . They are the perfect heights to have by a window or on the side , with a plant or a telephone on top ... sez my imagination . Just do n't inspect it too closely . Hey , for the price and the look , unbeatable ! I 'm very happy with it . = -RRB-
 These are very acceptable plant stands or small tables for the money . The set I received had some minor cosmetic flaws -LRB- chipped tile , small scratches , etc -RRB- , and the taller stand 's surface sloped slightly . The chip was something from the factory because the grout used to hold the tile in actually filled the void left by the chipped tile surface . These flaws are very minor , and I decided just to keep the stands rather than repacking and lugging this fairly heavy package up to the UPS store . I 've also seen similar stands for MUCH more money so I 'm very happy with the purchase over all .
 I received these nested plant stands today and despite the previous review , mine arrived in perfect condition . They are taller than I expected with the tallest one being about 3 feet tall and the shorter one about 2 and a half feet tall . I hesitated buying these since the size was n't listed but I took a chance and was pleasantly surprised . The ceramic tile design is also very attractive and a lot better looking in person than in the tiny photo . The planters shipped quickly and so far I 'm very satisfied with this purchase .
 These are the cutest plant stands I have seen and the price was fantastic . I saw some just a week after I purchased mine and they were $ 74.00 each and it did not have the tile top and it was wobbly . I bought a set for a friend and she loved them , at first she was upset thinking they cost a fortune . Unfortunately these are not available anymore .
 Arrived very quickly , not damaged , just what I needed . I appreciated the review saying how tall the plant stands are . I bought two sets , -LRB- one for my daughter to qualify for free shipping ! -RRB- both have blue and white tile tops , would not have been my first color choice , but the price is great .
 They just arrived and I love them ! I ca n't believe I got these two tables for $ 12.00 . They are very sturdy and the tile design is beautiful . One did have some minor chipping at one grouted edge which I have already fixed with a titch of white silicone . They are 28 '' and 24 '' tall . I see they are now currently unavailable , that 's a shame because at twice the price these are a deal . I 'm so glad I ordered them when I did .
 Tables arrived promptly , in perfect condition . Nice solid pieces and at $ 12 for the set , the price can not be beat !
 I received this blower as a gift 9 years ago and it 's still going strong . The cord reel is starting to display signs of wear . And yes , the handle is sort of flimsy because it 's soft plastic . But , it works great other than these two things and has sufficient power to blow small dog turds off the sidewalk . Keep it indoors after use or it 'll probably not start quickly . Seems like all new gas powered tools fuel valves clog easily .
 Without doubt , this is the most bizarre review I 've ever written on any product because not only did I not purchase this leaf blower from Amazon -- I picked it up for free at the local landfill . Here 's the story : A couple years ago I purchased a Poulan Pro BVM200LE and it ran perfectly until it 's untimely death after what I consider to be moderate use . -LRB- Click above on the `` See all my reviews '' link and scroll down to my Poulan Pro review titled `` Worked GREAT until it DIED . '' -RRB- I decided not to replace my dead Poulan with another Poulan , so thus began my search for the `` perfect '' leaf blower.After reading various reviews here , on other sites , and in some consumer magazines , I narrowed my choices to a couple of brands in the $ 165-200 range . I almost pulled the trigger on a purchase , but first I had to haul out a load of trash to the local landfill before closing time . That 's where I spotted what appeared to be a leaf blower among other discarded items.The landfill regs clearly state `` No Scavenging '' but when the site manager looked away I made a quick dash , and dug out a Weed Eater FL1500LE leaf blower . Water was running out of the tube as I carried it to the van , so I was n't too hopeful it would work . A closer look revealed a lot of corrosion on the few visible metal parts , so that told me my `` prize '' had probably been left outdoors for some time.After I got home and had some time to play with this thing , I gave it a once-over visual check . The exterior seemed to be okay -- no parts missing and no cracks in the plastic . There was even some gas in the tank . It took some effort to pull the cord even half-way , but then it would n't retract . I had to hit the plastic casing a few times to get the cord to retract . I tinkered with it a few more times , and finally got it to work more or less okay.Now it was time for the real test . I primed the bulb , set the choke & throttle , then pulled . It gave indications of wanting to live again . On the next pull , it started ! So , I immediately went to work blowing off the driveway until the gas in the tank was gone . I put in fresh gas -LRB- mixture , of course -RRB- and continued blowing the driveway , shrub beds , etc. etc for at least a half-hour or more . It ran just fine . For the past several weeks , it continues to start and run just fine.Here is how this model Weed Eater compares with my Poulan Pro while it still worked : Flimsy construction . Comments here about the handle are accurate . It 's a plastic handle bolted to the plastic housing and it feels like it 'll break off at any time . The Poulan has a sturdy , rock-solid feel.Harder to pull start . Both the Weed Eater & Poulan start on either the first or second pull , but the Weed Eater takes more effort to pull . -LRB- Higher compression ratio maybe ? -RRB- I could place the bottom edge of the Poulan on my knee and easily pull the cord to start it . Ca n't do that with this Weed Eater . It has to be held firmly on the ground with one hand on the handle , then pull the cord hard with the other hand . My wife could easily start the Poulan ; it 's very difficult for her to pull the Weed Eater cord.The Weed Eater is a lot louder than the Poulan . If you value your hearing , wear good ear plugs if you purchase/use this Weed Eater.Blowing power is about the same . This Weed Eater is rated to be 150 mph ; the Poulan is rated at 205 mph . Frankly , I ca n't tell the difference . Now , I only use a leaf blower on hard surfaces
 Just got this about a week ago . So far so good . Starts up easy and has the power I am looking for in a compact blower . First one I received from Amazon had a crack in the plastic housing and the cord did not retract upon starting sometimes . Amazon replaced it within 3 days without any hassle ! A + + + for Amazon !!! Nice little blower for the price , plus free s/h and no tax . Saved over $ 12.00 with the 10 % discount compared to Lowes price :-RRB- . 11-20-07 update . Starter cord gets jammed when pulling . Needs to get unit repaired . Not happy with the quality . Only used it about 10 times since last year . Needs improvement.Nov 2007 . Had to bring the unit in for service . The starting cord got stuck . Covered under the 2 year warranty . Had to be lubricated . Service said it was probably a factory defect . Works fine now . We will see !
 Still works great ... not so good on wet leaves but if they 're bone dry it 's great !
 very good service , fast delivery , very good products . got 2 , kept 1 , gave other as gift to father , we both enjoy it very well , would order from again in needed to . very satisfied .
 Ordered in February 2007 and am on the second tank of gas . Except for being a little -LSB- ... -RSB- when starting initially , I have no complaint about its operation . In the 50 + years I 've done my yard work and 20 + years using gas operated 2-cycle engines on many different devices , I only use 8-Oz of common 30-weight motor oil in a 1-gallon can of gas for them and have not had the frequent failures that other users have had with such devices -- I repaired small engines for the past 20 + years and know this from experience .
 I am happy with the ease of starting and performance of this economical machine . No problems so far after one month of use . Update 2009 - The weedeater dies after starting . I made the mistake of leaving the gas in the machine over winter . Drain the tank and carb of gas before winter storage !!
 the product seems fine ... only problem is that i would like to have had more power .
 Powerful , lightweight , but noisyThis unit has enough power to get the work done -LRB- I use 50 % throttle most of the time -RRB- . If it seems underpowered-check the choke setting ; it should be `` Off '' once the engine is warmed-up . The fuel tank is enough for 30-50 min depending on throttle position . The only negative comment is noise-I expected this unit to be quieter than competition -LRB- per MFG suggested 68 db noise -RRB- ; however , it 's just as loud as any other blower on the market .
 I like to collect patches from countries I visit . One day I 'll sew them onto my backpack . Although it is great to buy the patches while traveling , it can be difficult to find and quality can vary.I 'm no expert , but the stitching quality on my flagline patches is great . I will check flagline.com first before a trip and make sure they have the patch I will want .
 Fits perfectly under my rectangular planter box . The material is a bit flimsy , but it 's also cheap , so it works fine . Worth the money as it does its job .
 I spent years trying to find some of these things to take with me to the County Fair and other functions where hard wooden or metal benches are what you have to sit on . Finally did a search and after trying a bunch of word combinations was delighted to discover these right on Amazon.com . I did n't get them in time for this years ' fair , but have them tucked away for other occasions . They are very light-weight and come with cloth handles and slots where extra stuff can be put . Very nice .
 I got this replacement solenoid very quickly and it workd great . I will get it from the same place next time .
 Turn off the water , unscrew the old solenoid , screw on the new one and then connect the wires and you 're done . Works like new again ,
 I was replacing this in an attempt to fix my setup . While this did n't correct the issue , it did perform exactly the same as the one that comes on their sprinkler valves .
 The controller for my irrigation system was blinking FUS for one of my zones.I could manually operate the valve fine so I figured it was the solenoid . I evenremoved one from a working zone and tried it on this zone and it worked . So I headedto the local hardware stores -LRB- you know which ones -RRB- and they no longer carry the Rainbirdsolenoids -LRB- they used to -RRB- . The one 's they do carry of course are a different size and willnot fit.So I looked here and found these and they fixed my problem just fine . I ordered a coupleof extras in case . Only complaint was the shipping -LRB- free so I guess you get what you pay for -RRB- was rather slow .
 Used this to root and to help plants that look dead . All have been responding great to Superthrive ! Rooted faster than the rooting hormones on several plants .
 Superthrive Is a great product . This seller shipped it out fast.I 've been using Superthrive for years it is great to use especially when you 're transplanting your plants . The only drawback is the lid tends to rust I recommend using a eyedropper or an ink syringe and also wash off the lid and dry it off . I will definitely be used in Amazon for more shopping in the future .
 I noticed the sour review left by a `` master gardener '' . Well , I 'm not a master gardener , and this stuff really does work ! I use it in combination with Schultz All Purpose Liquid fertilizer on all my indoor plants and rootings . It is absolutely amazing ! I gave a gallon of my tonic to my florist friend and she even noticed a difference . Do I use it for every purpose ? Not at all . I live in fire ant country and it seems that it draws fire ants . Now , if the fire ants find it attractive , I would say it is n't snake oil . I am 90 % organic , but most of the organic liquid fertilizers are too foul smelling to use indoors . I keep peace lilies up for our church and they are in gorgeous bloom and form !
 This is amazing . My indoor lime tree has hundreds of blooms and my orchids ! Used it before and recommend .
 I got two Bottles of this so if it do n't work I will be out allot more but I am hopeful . lol to the so called master Gardner maybe he our she only become a master after using this hehe . we will see because if it works for me I will pretend I am a master like him hehe .
 This stuff is no `` Snake Oil '' ! It turned my garden into a jungle in a week ! A Bandito swore by it , They owned real-estate from the results of using it ! And I got the order quickly for once!The Freedom Farmer
 This is excellent plant food , literally a concentrated vitamin shot that will perk up and strengthen almost any plant . Great product , even better than fish-emulsion based foods .
 We 've all used `` the best '' fertilizers and what-nots to try to get that green , healthy plant . And yes , lots of them work . But this stuff blew me away . Added it to my liquid gen. purpose fertilizer , sprayed , came back 2 days later , and watered . OVERNIGHT one of the bushes that had been near dead -LRB- falling over due to no water for too long -RRB- was COVERED in blooms !! All the granular and liquid lizers never managed anything more than slowly recovering the plant from near death . So I stocked up on this stuff ! I use it once a month or so on everything now . And you can see the difference in the health of each plant . If you 're serious about gardening , BUY THIS !
 If you do n't use it up quickly and during the summer it will go nasty ... moldy , stinky nasty ... but it works pretty good . I was n't about to ` revive ' plants that were on the brink with it like I was led to believe , but it does make the roots on my orchids like crazy .
 I have used Superthrive to aid in seed germination whether by the paper towel method moistened with water and a drop of Superthrive or just directly in soil , and seeds germinate faster and the seedlings have stronger root systems . I use this only for ornamental plants or fruit seeds , but never on herbs .
 This stuff Really works . It made all my magnolia root . Just remember that , after you use this product you have to put some organic nutrients back in the dirt .
 The product comes with a ton of commentary on the package , very old school type advertising , which makes you sort of feel like the product is hokus-pokus . I have a 3/4 acre area with lots of landscaping , fed this to almost everything a couple times over summer . I found that alot of the older plants that performed mediocre before now seemed to perk up and thrive , do really well with nice new growth.Although every year seems to be different -LRB- rain , weather , etc. -RRB- for plant responsiveness , I think this product is worth it , and goes a long way for the price , and I do n't feel disappointed at all .
 This stuff is Awesome ! I have a tomato plant that is almost 6ft tall with tomatoes galore . I started all my vegetables by seed inside this year , I gave seedlings to couple of people due to having to many . My plants that I used this product on after planting outside are huge and beautiful and healthy , there 's are not producing as well and are small . I will be buying more for next year ! Oh my flower beds are beautiful also !!
 I live in central AR . and we have a fairly severe winter by our standards , zero and snow . I used this last year according to directions only I added it to miracle grow mixture while watering . I 've used MG for years . I had two -LRB- 2 -RRB- begonias come back this spring . Thats right 2 tender annuals sprung forth free of charge and about 100 vinca another freebie . I had planted vinca the annual not the vines . I really credit this product for the freebies . It was a heck of a surprise .
 Superthrive is amazing . I have seen strong results with weekly application to my houseplants . Growth was stimulated within days of the first application . I will most definitely be buying more .
 This product is the secret to my green thumb . I just use it as directed .
 Love SUPERthrive ! It has given me the green thumb I never had . I soak my plants in it for about 10 minutes before transplanting them . Great product !
 I am looking forward to using Superthrive to boost my plants health this summer and perhaps it will boost my crops production .
 i purchased 75 18 '' chinese privets from ebay . i have done this before with nothing bad happening . this time , however , instead of unpacking the seedlings and letting them accustomed to their new environment before planting , i shoved them in dirt right away . within 2 days the leaves were crinkly and looked like they had dried out and close to death.i quickly ordered this stuff and upon arrival , mixed up some superthrive tea for my plants . i trimmed the plants down 6 inches and watered with the tea . while the withering leaves did n't recover - they actually dropped off - i had brand new green in days and am seeing new growth in less than 2 weeks.good stuff .
 I use this on my orchids every two weeks . They seem to really like it and I like that they now flower three times a year .
 I like this stuff ! I have used it on my house plants and some tomato plants . My house plants grew gang busters . The tomato plants did n't get super-sized but they really perked up . I had one that was dying and it came back to life looking super in a few days . I think it helps . I 'm not sure it is a miracle but I do like how my plants respond . I know the difference is this product . It is the only thing I have done different and see results .
 We first learned of this product 38 yrs ago when we moved to our current home . A 25-yr old transplanted orange tree looked dead . We applied SUPERthrive as directed . It 's still producing . Years later , my mom 's orange tree looked hopeless and she wanted me to remove it . Brought out the SUPERthrive - it thrived 15 more years . We always use when planting anything new . Recently returned home after 12 days of 105 + temps - no sprinkler system and little water so our lawn looked dreadful . Put the SUPERthrive in a hose-end sprayer , sprayed , then watered in . Lawn revived in 2 days . Our irrigation system had had problems and we returned to find a lantana with no foliage and many dead branches . I took a picture , applied SUPERthrive , and in 5 days , I 'll know if it can be saved . Results are more obvious and immediate on some plants or trees.I do n't see how so much magic can come from just a few drops of this stuff . If it can be saved and does n't have other issues , this is the stuff .
 Superthrive is an awesome product ! We had a great deal of blowdown after a winter storm , and one of my favorite ornamental flowering trees split in half . I took clippings from the part of the tree that we had to remove , and treated the remaining stump with a mixture of warm water and Superthrive . The clippings were dipped directly in the hormone , and then placed in sand and covered . Within a couple of weeks , the clippings are doing well and showing signs of rooting . The surviving stump has sprung back and is growing new buds . I was very impressed with this product .
 When my order arrived I was skeptical of the claims made about this product . Since then I have used it regularly on my garden plants , house plants and even citrus trees . We are amazed at how healthy our plants look and the vegatative growth is fantastic . I recommend it for anybody that is into gardening .
 I have used SuperThrive in both soil and hydroponic applications and I believe it does a good job of delivering micronutrients . If you are already using a feed that has micronutes , use very little and work your way up . It is potent , so do not be tempted to dose heavily . I usually add a little ST when topping off plants that feed on nutrients heavily . Watch your TDS/EC closely.Again , this is very concentrated and use cautiously .
 Hi everyone , I have been using Superthrive for the past five years . I use it on my vegetable garden . All of my vegetable plants are bigger , lusher , and much more productive.I grow organically and since using Superthrive , I have noticed a vast difference !
 Ordered this Item after reading the other reviews . It arrived very quickly . I tried it on several of my plant starts that I was rooting I can tell that this product has already had an effect on the cuttings . I can see many more roots forming than I usually have had form and they seem to look healthier also . Great Product and fast service what else can you ask for .
 This product was recommended to me when I purchased my first bonsai plant . This stuff is amazing . Being a new bonsai owner I did n't realize how often they needed to be watered and by the time I realized this I thought it was too late , my bonsai had started to shrivel and 90 % of its leaves had fallen off . I treated it with Superthrive every other day for a week and it came back ! I 've had it for 5 months now and it looks fantastic . I use it on all my other plants and I 've never seen them look so good . I highly recommend this product ! But be sure to follow the directions on the package !
 It really did live up to my expectations.My plants grew so fast and so big , it 's really satisfying for me .
 This stuff has been around for a long time , because it works ! It 's really quite amazing how well it works . And this little bottle lasts a long time because you 're only using a couple of drops at a time . My flowers stay alive longer and are healthier .
 Put this stuff on a grape vine trimming -LRB- huge branch -RRB- and put it in the ground , watering daily . The thing was growing new leaves in two weeks . In fact it took forever for the existing leaves to die . This stuff is magical .
 plain and simple , it works . this is why it is patented and has been around for so many years . I used this about 8 years ago on a new tree i planted when i purchased my house and compared to the other new houses in the neighborhood , my tree is twice as big as other planted at the same time . Now i am using this at my new house on my new flower gardens as well as tomato plants . I can not speak for the tomatoes since i am also using Jobe 's fertilizing spikes but as far as the plants , you can see MUCH deeper colors and more vibrant flowers . I would recommend this all day long
 Seems this product is best for getting your seeds to take off and root fast , looking forward to seeing how it helps with the garden outdoors . Does well with house plants
 I use this product on my plants all year . I have taken plants that are dying , soaked the roots , transplanted , and have a lively , growing plant in weeks . I use each time I transplant , when I fertilize , and any time the plants look stressed . It only takes a little but I end up using the whole bottle in a little over a year . My tomato plants I started in March , just started flowering again . I actually have 10 tomatoes growing at the end of November . The plants are in a homemade hothouse , but look really healthy .
 My plants seem to love this . I bring my plants into the house for the winter and they struggle with the transition . This year they are doing much better . The plants I have in the house all the time are doing great on it . My African Violet has huge leaves and the color is much better . So far , I have been very happy with this and I look forward to trying it on my spring veggi garden .
 This stuff really gives your plants a boost , Has been keeping my indoor plants thriving , would recommend anytime . Just follow the instructions and let it do its magic .
 I love Superthrive and have loved it for years . I found out about this product from the girls who watered the plants in our office . Every since then my plants have `` thrived '' . I could n't find Superthrive in the stores in NM so that is why I ordered it . Apparently in NM the label has to be different than other states ; same product just NM friendly . I would recommend this to anyone , especially those without a green thumb .
 I have had very improved quality & yield with SuperThrive in my indoor soil gardens . I have been using it in Combination with molasses , but I can tell you it is now part of ALL my nutrient feedings & ALL my waterings . It has also shown great help reveging some top producing plants.Superthrive 4oz
 super duper thrive , great product . timely delivery , i am over all satisfied with this product goes a long way . good luck
 I have been using Superthrive for 3 years and it is great . My fruit trees are growing faster and stronger . If you use it you wo n't regret .
 Skeptical at first , I can not go with out it at this point.It surprises me it is so expensive though .
 I 'm sure this stuff will work better the next time I try it.Here are the issues : Only use 1 drop per gallon , It states on the package , that you can use up to 3 drops per gallon for daily use . I chose 2 into a gallon of distilled water , mixed it , and gave my plants a small watering , just in case they did n't like it , no issues the next morning so I gave them a full watering with it.When I came home 9 hours later , the sun leaves had yellowing on the ends , soon after the true leaves were drooping , so I gave them plain distilled water , hoping to help them . No luck on some of them , the others we will have to see , I have transplanted them into Fox Farm Ocean Forest soil , I hope it will be better than the crap I had them in to start them . I think 2 of them are dead , but that may have resulted from the old soil causing root binding , the new soil drains better , and has a fine mulch-like structure.Anyways , it was my fault I am sure , for reading the whole package , there is a lot of info on it , and a number of sentences do n't make sense , are incomplete , or are lacking basic words . The dosing is the part you do n't want this on , and of course it somewhat is.Just use one drop per gallon for the daily use , based on the reaction from one watering with it , I would n't even do any of the larger concentrations.I have them back on a strict plain water , they are of course larger seedlings , stretched from being started in a window , another mistake you should avoid . To help that , I planted them deeper into the soil , to help them stand better.I will try again later , once they grow up more , just ordered an LED light to help them , they seem to favor them over other bulbs .
 This is a great product if used the way it was intended '' Dont over use this fertilizer as many people do '' I use 2 cap fulls per '' GALLON '' of water and it works great if you use a LITTLE '' I use a turkey baster that i have marked with a perm marker 1/2 way on the tube '' , Thats all you need and only do it ONCE a week , Every two weeks . .
 have used this for houseplants forever . sez fertilizer help , but i do n't use fertilizer -- just water and this product .
 FIRST TIME USING . . LOVE IT JUST DO NOT MIX STRONG ... 10 DROPS TO A GALLON OR 1/4 tsp per 5 GALLONS OF WATER IS WHAT I MIX AND SEE A DRAMATIC DIFFERENCE . . TRIED 1/4 tsp TO A GALLON WAS TO STRONG PLANTS ALMOST DIED . .
 One of the few products i have ever bought that actually lived up to the hype ! excellent stuff , use it on everything now .
 Lots of great reviews on this item as a hormone type supplement for your plants . Very little goes a very long way . The price Amazon had for this item could n't be passed up -LRB- Thanks Amazon ! ... once again ! -RRB- . Purchased this over the holiday season and it kept my poinsettia plant thriving through the holidays . Nice purchase at a good price . Comes attached to an instructional placard with great illustrations and recommendations for use . well worth the price and would purchase again . Highly recommended !
 Its essentially the same thing as thrive alive B-1 . I dont use this product every watering since it encourages stem elongation . However , i use it when introducing plants to shock or stress . I forgot to water my sprouts one day , and they were all wilted . 2-3 drops of SS/gal revived them right up ! Highly recommended !
 This stuff really works . I am an orchid grower and use it weekly on my orchids . They grow faster , healthier and bloom more often . Superthrive is to be used with your regular fertilizer regime . You will be pleased and amazed at the results you see .
 I ran across this product at Lowes in the garden dept. The label caught my eye , reminded me of the castille soap bottles ... ca n't remember the brand , but they have all sorts of info on the label , tossed in a few info nuggets in general , etc etc. . Anyway , I grabbed a bottle , winced at the price tag , sure I was getting taken ! But I got it home , and used it on my garden plants , both potted and in-ground . WOW ! This stuff really does work wonders on ill or ailing plants ! -LRB- Does not help out plants taken down by rodents or deer ... -RRB- I used it on healthy plants , and saw results within a week . Plants that are doing so-so will suddenly THRIVE , growing bigger , bushier , taller and with tons of blooms . It is NOT a fertilizer in itself , but a stripper of sorts . It cleans off the gunk plant roots get , and makes it easier for the roots to aerate , ingest and distribute the plant nutrients.My husband says you can do the same with a bottle of hydrogen peroxide , but this is indeed a great product ! It does , as a few drops are really all that 's needed , and I did not have to redose .
 My husband and I had a larger bottle of this several years back and our plants benefited greatly , but we lost the bottle in a move and I have been wanting to get more since . It can take a few uses to see actual results with some plants , but then there is no doubt the product works . I 've been watering my tomatoes with Superthrive for at least two weeks now and one stunted plant is finally growing and flowering , and the other is bearing more fruit . This stuff is great for stressed plants too . Highly recommended .
 I ca n't say whether or not this stuff works , I have n't done any particular tests to compare using it versus not using it . My plants seem to grow pretty well , and I use this regularly . I came here to add one note : My cats are obsessed with this stuff.I used to leave the bottle and the eyedropper I use near the patio door so I could reach it quickly when refilling my watering can , but my cats kept stealing the dropper and knocking over the bottle . They would go crazy over anything that had come in contact with this stuff , scratching at the ground and rolling around on their backs where a drop had accidentally fallen on the carpet . I eventually had to lock it away in a cupboard to keep the cats away from it .
 I 've used this on and off for a couple years now , typically when I feel my plants need a boost . I 'm in Virginia and used a mixture of compost bin material , manure , sand , and regular soil . It does work for a boost but would n't use it all the time . BTW who waters their plants every single day ? Ever heard of drowning and rotting your plant 's roots?Anyway I have friends in different states using similar soil mixture to mine and SOME have good success with this and some do not.I recommend getting your soil tested by your local extension office and letting the analysis tell you what 's in your soil and what you may be lacking . They 'll also give you advice on how best to add these nutrients . For houseplants I 've found adding some osmocote or the fertilizer sticks that have been around for years will give your houseplants all the nutrients they need.Cheers .
 I have used Super Thrive for 30 years . You can literally yank a plant out of the ground throw it in a bucket of water with a cap full of superthrive and plant it later ... The leaves are fresh ... its amazing ... It will also cause a plant with droopy leaves and stems to stand up tall and proud ... AMAZING ... I just ran out and I am on line to hurry and get some more . . I keep mine in the refrigerator ... and I plant a small PVC pipe the same time I plant a bush and then I can water through the pipe going straight to the roots . . and I send the super thrive straight down that pipe . . CHEERS . . YOU 'LL BE GLAD YOU HAVE SUPER THRIVE ...
 After many years of university training in every aspect of plant science , from molecular biology to population biology , and then ten years in the wholesale propagation and production of commercial horticultural crops , I can tell you that this product is in fact a valid and efficacious nutrient supplement . You can smell some of the B vitamins in it when you open the top . There are also some plant growth hormones and what we in the industry refer to as micronutrients . Trace elements may be such minute quantities that only a few atoms per plant cell are necessary , but make a world of difference in the health of the plant . Some plants , such as the Tomato and Pepper , that normally grow with great vigor will probably not demonstrate significant change since the limiting factors to success are more typically temperature , water and the standard N-P-K . The most benefit for this expert 's secret formula can be found when working with slow growing things like woody ornamentals or slow tropicals like palms and orchids . I have had excellent results over the years both indoors and out.FYI - follow the directions unless you want to experiment with the life of your plants . The only difference between weed killer and growth stimulant is the concentration of the active elements . Although weed killer is 10,000 times as powerful as standard hormones , you can still cause some deforming damage to a delicate plant if it does not need stimulating . Your own doctor will tell you that human vitamins are poinsonous to you in large doses too.p.s . I also went through the master gardener program , but to tell you the truth you can get all that info off the internet and from magazines these days . It is just another example of self-justifying government bloat .
 The name says it all ! One drop to a gallon of water or fertilizer and your plants will go nuts . I use it once a week throughout the growing season and would recommend it to anyone who is a serious gardener .
 I planted two apple trees in May . I thought one of them was either dying or dead . Most of the leaves were turning brown and completely dried up from possible mite infestation or fungi . A few branches still had somewhat soft leaves that I became obsessed with touching , but they were still turning brown . I used Superthrive on the suggestion of a Home Depot rep who swore by it . SUPERTHRIVE IS WORKING . Within two weeks , my young apple tree is sprouting new pods from different areas of the same branches . I also used a product called Safer to spray on the browning leaves ; it 's an organic , non-toxic pest spray that seems to have stopped the brown spots from spreading . I 'm excited that the tree 's getting better , because I spent time and sweat planting it and worrying about it . A little of this stuff goes a very long way .
 I had two shrubs that were concerning me . One was a Rose of Sharon that I had almost watered to death , the other was a barberry that evidently was in transplant shock . I neglected to follow my routine and treat with transplanting liquid.I bought the Superthrive and followed the directions for distressed plants . To my relief , the plants are responding . The barberry is going to live . The Rose of Sharon was given some assistance also , though it was not as moribund as the barberry.The $ 10.00 that I paid for the small bottle was worth it to me . It is not necessary to use a lot of the liquid when following the directions .
 I 've been using this stuff for about 7 years now . As an example of how well it works
 Superthrive is incredible . Newly arrived daylilies always get their roots soaked overnight in a solution containing Superthrive , water and liquid fish fertilizer . Also , my plants are watered in with Superthrive . Most have increased beyond normal expectations . For instance , a new daylily introduction that I planted last year doubled in size . Now , I can sell some of the plant to recoup the money I paid for it . So essentially , the plant was free . And what 's better than free?Lisa Bourret
 Alright , since nobody has a review for the small size I 'll give fellow aquatic plant growers a heads up about this fine product . I have used it about a year and I have no doubt it helps aquarium plants grow bigger , faster , and floating plants send a lot more roots out into the water column . At one drop per gallon the product is completely nontoxic to fish -LRB- and in fact has proved to be so at the maximum 4 drop/gallon concentration -RRB- and does n't cause algae blooms . It 's certainly worth a try for the aquarium plant gardener looking for an edge .
 Taking the word of another coworker about SUPERthrive , I was n't sure if his product would work on my plants because my soil is n't as healthy as it could be . I experimented on two of my indoor plants & within one week the difference was noticeable ! I wish I had a camera to show photos !! I 've been spraying SUPERthrive on `` ALL '' of my plants ; indoors & outdoors ... even the grass !! Honestly , you will be just as satisfied as I am ! The best part of this product is that it 's affordable & will go a long way because you do n't have to mix much with water . I highly recommend this product & the delivery was fast also . Thank you Amazon for having such a good product . : OD
 The ONLY regret I have , about this item , is that I did n't buy a LARGER one.3-10 drops per Gallon of water-and one can use this daily to keep your plants healthy looking and healthy-It DOES smell a bit like Vitamins if you smell it-BUT , once you begin using it-you will notice your ph leveling-out and your plants will thank you.This item was recommended to me by the nice lady at the Garden Center.I have GOT to go back and Thank her -
 Most excellant plant food on the market . I use this product on all my plants and trees in the spring and they grow and flourish like crazy .
 Superthrive is a great choice for , to pervent transplant shock and keeps your plant from being stunted , and it help your seeds sprout and thrive , its not a fertilizer its an additive to your fertilizers
 Plants grow like crazy ! This product was recommended years ago by a plant store . I use a little amount to help plants grow strong , and healthy .
 This product was recommended to me by my father for my ailing -LRB- deer eaten -RRB- japanese maple and it has really helped in the few weeks since I applied it . It is the secret of the pro 's and really does work !
 I can not say enough good about it . Short and sweet
 There is not alot that can be said about this product that hasnt already been said . This Bvitamin is good for plants and an ex additive to my Brew Tea for spray and base watering
 While not technically a plant food , this vitamin product makes a big difference in the vitality and overall well being of my many varieties of houseplants . Give it a try .
 This is the best bang for your buck . Super affordable and the difference is like night and day . My plants could n't be any happier !
 I was told by a friend about this product and it really works the way the bottle says . I love plants and have so manyplants in the summer outside and house plants also inside . I use this on most of my plants inside and for the plantsoutside that I have in planters and hanging baskets , It is wonderful and produces great foilage and color . I will continue to use this product year round . I also use this on my tomato plants in the spring and it really makes a difference on those plants . .
 The product shipped on time and arrived in good condition . I might not have used it correctly , but it did n't keep my dying plant alive . So 5/5 for the shipping , and 3/5 for the actual product , because I have a feeling I did n't use it right . That averages to 4/5 .
 My rib eating , bbq sauce expert , husband , loves this sauce . I gave it to him as a Christmas gift and he tasted it immediately . Time to order more !!!
 I 've looked at several other types of lights for my patio . These lights are a really good solution for low-level lighting . My umbrella only has 6 spokes , not 8 , so I ran double strands as needed . Installation was easy once I figured out the little `` clippy '' things provided for installation . You ca n't beat the price , either . I am super pleased with this purchase .
 Very pleased with my purchase . It took about 30 min . to install . I ended up not using the special clips provided because they did not close well . Instead of zip tying the clips to the ribs of the umbrella , I skipped that step and just zip-tyed the strand directly to the umbrella .
 The ring that fits around the umbrella pole was too big , even after using the tape included with the set . I had to go to the hardware store to buy double-sided tape to fill the gap . Set works and looks great ! Prepare to be patient with the installation of all the clips .
 I 've hooked them up , they look good . For the price , I really do n't care if they last more than a year . I do n't like battery types because of needing to change the battery all the time . The AC works good for me because it is only a short distance from the table . I just cover the extension cord with a protector . I 've learned to hook them up with previous lights so it is not difficult for me .
 Thanks for the Item I really love it , I put it on in the my yard . Seller is very prompt and on time , I highly recommend it .
 Adds a little bit of charm to our backyard patio . Ca n't find these for this price anywhere else . Target never has them in stock - except online . Second set I 've bought .
 I AM VERY PLEASED WITH MY UMBRELLA LIGHT SET . IT DID NOT TAKE LONG TO GET THEM DELIVERD TO ME AT ALL . I WOULD SO KEEP ORDERING FROM HERE .
 I have had these lights before and that is why I bought another set for another umbrella . Problem this time is that I bought a better umbrella -LRB- Sunbrella -RRB- with square ribs vs. round ribs . The sq. ribs require a little bit longer plastic tie to affix the lights . A trip to the hardware store solved THAT portion of the problem . I purchased the next larger size ties . Problem # 2 popped up . The longer plastic tie is a hair wider than the ones that come with the lights . The slot in the clips that the ties goes through is sized for the smaller ties . So , it is a VERY tight fit because the locking devise of the clip shares the slot with the tie . I am extremely happy with the lighting product , but the job of attaching it to a square/rectangle umbrella rib is a pain , literally . My finger tips hurt for weeks . Yes I used pliers .
 These lights are great for patio market umbrellas . They are very hard to find this year -LRB- clear bulbs -RRB- . They are very easy to install and add nice lighting to the deck at night .
 Clifton 's always comes through with the highest quality plants and products . They are A number 1 ... John is the most knowledgable plant person on this planet . He only sends out top quality Plants .
 I have a very small water garden with two fish and a lily . The folks at the nursery said if things were balanced that a filter should n't be necessary . They were wrong . After 8 months in service the water was so murky you could n't see more than a couple of inches deep . I tried changing out the water a few bucketfulls at a time , but that did n't work either . So I get this filter . It was very easy to assemble and set the fountain . I love the adjust ability of the fountain head . The center piece in the top just moves up or down to change the pattern or restrict the volume . After only 36 hours in service , I noticed that the flow had started to drop off . So I pulled the filter out , opened it up , and saw and incredible amount of very fine sludge had already been collected . I cleaned the filter elements and put it right back in the pond . I believe it will be clean soon , I just need to keep cleaning the elements . Very highly recommended for the money !
 Greetings - I 've had this filter running in a 4 ' x 6 ' 100 gallon turtle pond for 4 months now . I does a great job keeping the water clean -LRB- two small mud turtles & a RES -RRB- . I purchased an extra set of filter pads to expedite the weekly changes and disrupt my turtles activities -LRB- sleeping , napping , resting , sunbathing & eating -RRB- as little as possible . So far so good ...
 This pump is a great value , especially as a `` starter '' pump for a novice pondkeeper . The all-in-one design makes it so easy to install and maintain . I can clean this filter in the same amount of time as I can clean my dryer 's lint trap . My only criticism is the filter media they provided . I found it far too course to filter out fine particles , so I added a layer of quilt batting .
 I needed a pump to clean up a small pre-formed pond that had been turned into a huge algae filled pool of water . I could see the fish when they came to the surface and that was it ... this pump and filter cleaned it up within a week ... could n't be happier !!!
 Ready to place in pond in minutes . I 've found keeping lot of floating plants cuts down on the algae , makes filter work less , I drain some water every couple weeks and add new . Adjustable fountain head for different effects ... a very nice product from a good company .
 I bought this for our small outdoor fish pond . I do n't know the exact size or volume , but it 's about 3 ' x 4 ' . Our previous pump/filter had given out partly because it was too powerful for a tiny pond . This seems to be just right . It makes a nice little fountain & filters the water really well . -LRB- We used the fountain nozzle from our other pump/filter because we wanted a more traditional tiered fountain , but this kit includes the basic bubble and waterbell type water pattern . -RRB- We had clear water again after just one day . It has been a little over a month since we installed , and no problems . It 's easy to clean , and at this price is such a great value.UPDATE
 Pondmaster PMK190 190gph Pump and Filter with Bonus Fountain Head is exactly what I needed to clear that funky split-pea soup -LRB- algae-ridden -RRB- water in my Shubunkin , Comet and Koi ponds ! Simple to use ... , Has a very sturdy handle -LRB- convenient for lifting the unit out of the pond for cleaning -RRB- . Takes about 2 minutes to hose off the 3 -LRB- very thick -RRB- filters and put the unit back in pond . The 190 gallons per hour `` pump-suck '' is quite powerful and quiet . My ponds were crystal clear in two days . I do n't use the optional fountain head because I have spitters and waterfalls , already -- not using it creates a very nice rippling agitation effect on the surface of the pond . Your neighbors will be in total awe . :-RRB- My fish are quite happy now that they can actually see me coming to feed them -- and see their food pellets floating on the top of the water . Perfect ! -- Katharena Eiermann , 2007 , the Realm of Existentialism -- Presidential Hopeful
 The pump works quite well and does create a nice spherical pattern . The head is adjustable so you can make different patterns . For example , it can also shoot jets out perpendicular to the head . There are no instructions for how to change the pattern and it 's definitely not obvious , but you just have to rotate the very top of the head . The filter is very large and easy to access for cleaning.I 've tried to use solar-powered pumps and filters in my pond , but they 're not powerful enough and tend to get clogged easily and break quickly . This is a much more powerful and sturdy pump with a far larger filter , so it should do the job much better . Definitely a good pump for the price .
 We are using this for a pond that contains several Comet Goldfish , one Red-Eared Slider Turle , & one Softshell Turtle . We 've had it a month now and love it . It 's easy to clean and works great so far .
 This is the best price I found for this product , which is still sold in stores . Functions as it should . Arrived as promised in new condition .
 we have a smaller pond - about 75 gallons with just a few small Koi . This was the perfect size and seems to be doing a great job of keeping the pond clean and healthy for the fish . The fountain offers a very serene sound when we sit out on the patio . Perfect !
 This works well , but I have to clean it weekly or so . I have about a 300 gallon pond with about 1000 tadpoles -LRB- green frogs -RRB- . It does n't bother the tadpoles , but the snails do occasionally plug the pump inlet.It 's been working for about 4 months and it 's still going!After more than a year , it 's still running almost 24/7 in my pond . I 've had to take apart the pump a few times to clean out debris that gets in , but it usually is only when the filter is really dirty.The screws that hold the actual pump chamber strip very easily , as they are only in the soft plastic . It needs to fit tightly , and you must be careful !
 The filter pump that came with a pond that was here when I bought the house quit working -LRB- due to a broken impellar -RRB- , and I knew nothing about replacing it . After much research , I read that a pump needed only to be powerful enough to filter the whole pond every 2-3 hours to avoid harming fish . Being that my pond is only about 65 gallons , this product was about the right size . I learned , also , that a magnetic impellar system , which this one has , would last much longer . I was unable to find what I needed at Lowes , Home Depot , PetSmart , Petco , etc. . I was able to find this on Amazon quite easily . And , Pondmaster has a good reputation as well.One complaint I read about this pump was that a rock had to be placed on top of it to keep it from floating in the water . This was true only initially . Now that the filter has become saturated , that 's no longer the case.The pump worked flawlessly the moment I plugged it in . The fountain head is relatively easy to adjust to make the `` bowl '' fit the pond . I 'm really happy I chose this product . - Thanks
 My small pond was a mess , and the Pondmaster got things cleared up in a couple of days , with some frequent attention by me to clean the filtration pads . Now that it 's cleared the water , the cleaning is less frequent . The seller did a nice job of getting the unit to me quickly and ready to run .
 My order came quickly in the mail . It looks and feels cheap but once you put it together , it Works great . When you take it out to clean it , lift the sides not the handle . Took a week to clean up my pond but Works great .
 Update
 I have read many reviews that talk about the pump failing . Mine failed after one month . I took the pump apart -LRB- slid it off of the rails that hold it to the filter and removed the screws that held the pump case together -RRB- . The plastic shaft inside the pump seems to be designed with some little teeth that should engage the impeller . However , mine had worn away . And very quickly . I used a little super glue to permanetnly attach the motor and impeller together . The pump has now been running flawlessly for two months -LRB- as long as I clean the filters ! -RRB- .
 I love how easy this was to set-up and install ; pretty much plug and play.You do need to weigh this down to get it to remain on the bottom . I would have preferred the power cord to be a little longerd.I will be required to by a new fountain head for this ; to me the image of the bell shape was small enough for my pond . I 'm yet to see this clean bell shape , I have just a circular spray off this , that was so big I water is landing outside our pond . . It has excellent pumping power , I have it on the lowest setting , due to the foutain head . The sound of the pump is not as appealing as other , but its not overly loud .
 Put it in our small -LRB- 250 gallon -RRB- goldfish pond that gets spruce needles and mud runoff that makes the water pretty much opaque . It cleared it up in a day ! It 's still brownish from tannins , but is very clear and we can see the fish swim throughout ! Much better than I expected at this price!The fountain head is a little lame-puts out sort of a random pattern , but I have n't tried adjusting it . We just use it with no fountain head and the water sort of burbles out the tube and down into the pond . I see bubbles being pulled underwater , so I 'm confident it is aerating the pond water .
 Easy to use . Effective filter that is easy to clean . Nice little pump . What more could you ask for ? My 100 gal . ornamental pond develops algae rather quickly . The pump helps to filter it out of the water column .
 Easy to set up - Easy to clean - Fountain nozzle is a bit fussy to adjust but keeps its setting without working loose
 I have a 50 gallon outdoor pond . This filter is the easiest one to clean I have owned.Working great in my little pond with 5 huge goldfish .
 I have tried so many different filters for my fish pool from Home Depot , then spotted this , read the reviews ... ordered , it arrived and I can not say enough about how quickly my Koi pool cleared up ... cleaning it is so aimple ... I very very highly recommend this product . It is fantastic .
 arrived within a week , works perfect for our little pond , we have to pull it out and hose off the filter every week but it 's really easy to do . We have a turtle and quite a few fish in our pond and this is keeping the water clean . Fountain is somewhat adjustable .
 The Pondmaster PMK190 , is a good product for the money . Quite functional . The down side to this unit is the size of the tube and bell fountain head . The tube is a non standard size and finding different fountain heads at your local home improvement store is impossible . Also with the filter being submerge its kinda a pain to clean , frequent cleaning is a must depending on your area and what is in your pond . Product does what it claims , and is good value for the price.update - now 3 years later , with regular maintenance I still am using the original filters !! I have a large frog family living in my pond having babies and they love this pump , changed the fountain head for a two tier design is great !! would be a 5 star except for non standard tube size.UPDATE
 I have a ~ 150-200 gallon pond with 7 goldfish , lily pads and a couple other plants . I had great luck through the warm months , but as Fall came too many leaves were getting into the pond and breaking down between cleanings , causing sediment throughout the water . I actually waited far too long to find this set up -- since I got it , I have cleaned it three times in two days because it is highly efficient at pulling the muck from your pond water ! Since it only takes about 30 seconds to spray out the filters and pop them back in , you can really get this to do a lot of work in a short amount of time . I will agree with others that it does want to tip over , especially if you have an uneven bottom or any currents . So far I have managed to balance it , but I may tie it or weight it once I am cleaning the filters less often . It is still by far the best deal and best solution I have seen for a small backyard pond .
 We decided to upgrade our pond pump and went with this one as the description matched our needs . We received the pump timely and it was exactly as described ! We took it out of the box , placed it in the pond and plugged it in ! It was easy , it works just as it is supposed to and the fountain head looks great ! We would purchase from this business again ! Thx !
 I was very relieved to find this product so that I could take my goldfish from my indoor tank and put them into their summer home in my garden pond for the summer . When trying to locate my pump from the previous years , my husband and I were unable to find it . I looked locally and found nothing ! There was no way that my poor fish could stay in the house where their tank gets a bit warm and could get dangerous for them . As a last ditch attempt to find one , I went on Amazon ; low and behold there was the exact pump that I was looking for ! I was very much relieved and thankful . Now my fish are safely in the cooler garden pond with the new pump cheerfully pumping away with a very relaxing fountain in the middle . Thank you so much for your product and for the prompt , hassle free service.Brenda Tripodes
 i have had this pump for 2 years and it died this summer so i had to order another one for my turtle pond - it keeps an opening in the ice so they make it through the winter . . i could not find a replacement locally ... it is the best - worked all through 2 winters at 30 degrees
 The Pondmaster pump Was the fastest delivery I ever had . The pump works great . Good seller.Pondmaster PMK1350 Pond Filter with 350-GPH Pump and Bonus Fountain Head
 I bought this filter/pump and am using it in a 60 gallon `` tough-tub '' plastic container with gold fish , a crayfish , and mosquito fish . I have bog plants installed as well . This pump has been running quietly for the past 6 weeks with no pressure drop at all . The water is crystal clear , and my fish are thriving . I will wait another 6 weeks before rinsing the filter . Overall , I am satisfied with this pump/filter . Another plus is that it is made in the USA . I will update this as time goes on , but as of now , I am a happy customer .
 rented a home with a neglected pond and wanted to try to clean it up without investing too much . after a month of use it has really helped cleanup a brown sink hole into a nice clear environment for our goldfish . is somewhat of an inconvenience to clean , i have not been able to keep it submerged without placing a stone on it . the fountain gives a nice effect . it only provides a mechanical filter , if that is what you need for a small -LRB- < 300 gal -RRB- pond this should work fine .
 I have about 40 tilapia in my tank ranging from 10 '' to 12 '' plus a few plecos . The tank is 225 gals . I am running an Aquaponices system and the grow bed media was keeping the water clean when the fish were smaller . Before I got this filter , the water got so dirty that I could no longer see the fish.I installed this pump and filter combo in less than a minute . The next day I could see the fish . After two days and five times cleaning the filter the water is very clean . I have to clean the filters every day but it is easy .
 This item works amazingly . Cleared the water very quickly and cleaning the media that catches all the muck is easily removed for cleaning . Very happy with this product .
 We have a small pond -LRB- 55 gals . -RRB- When after about 8 years , the pump failed , I did my best to replace with another of these . We let it just sit there with mosquito repellent for a whole year till I found another . The big filter is just what 's needed in a warm climate , and saves frequent cleanings . It 's hard to get at the pond because of overhanging branches , and this keeps the water cleaner longer than anything else we tried .
 The pump is exactly what I needed for my small pond . Works great and the fountain has great eye appeal .
 I got a Homelite Vac Attack . I actually got two of them becausee they both broke or sucked . They failed to run at top speed at even mild angles up or down hill . They stalled . The manufacturer claimed I needed to adjust the idle . I did , and it did nothing . So they said I could drive 50 miles at my own expennse to get it looked at , or take it back . The second time I took it back for good , got a Poulan Pro , and never looked back . This has been an AWESOME unit which , unlike its competitors , has METAL wings inside to chop even the occasional accidental finger-sized branch . Even our small oak leaves it reduced to 1/5 their size . It 's powerful and consistent . I can only imagine how well it would work on the big leaves up north , but it chops our oak leaves , acorns , pine needles , blows off EVERYTHING , and is a powerhouse worth ever dollar . Buy gas instead of a wimpy cordless expecially with a big yard . The vacuum attachment goes on with no problem , and although the exhaulst is a bit much sometimes , and the bag empying easies if you take it off your shoulder every time , it works great . Paid about $ 130 .
 Poulan Pro 25 cc Gas Blower/Vacuum #BVM 200LEHad a Poulan before it lasted 12 years . My son has a Craftsman -LRB- identical gas blower -RRB- and he loves it.Starts and performs well . Poulan is easy to obtain parts and stands behind their warranty .
 200 MPH BLOWING POWER!Take the chore out of spring cleaning with the Poulan Pro PBV200 super blower/vac . Featuring a 25cc High Performance gas engine , the PBV200 can handle any outdoor household mess.Clean up leaves quickly and easily with this Poulan Pro Blower.The Poulan Pro PBV200 also doubles as a powerful , handheld Vac.Features a high performance versatile blower designed for tough jobsUse them year-round for all-purpose clean up of dust , debris , and dirt on decks , sidewalks , and driveways.Features :200 mph blowing power400 cfm air volume24cc gas powered engineVariable speed throttleVac reduces debris 10 to 1Vacuum attachment includedSuper Clean Air filter System - Extends the life of the air filterFull range throttle with full speed lock settingHorizontal plane impeller with air intake on bottom of unitIntegrated rear assist handleProfessional blower nozzle - for better performance and controlWeighs only 10.7 lbs.Noise level 72 dBAIncludes : Bag attachment for vacAttachments for blower/vac4 oz . bottle of 2 cycle oil.Model No
 A wonderfull filter that is so easy to maintain . Really keeps the water clear . Has a nice space in the bottom of the filter to put the bio balls for that added biological filter . So easy to remove , replace the pads and be up and running again . A real cost saver because the pads can be rinsed and used again . You should get an extra set , it makes it easy for when you change the pads .
 I use to clean the filter on my pump daily in a small pond with a big fish . This filter goes for well over a week before I have to clean it and then it floats to the top when it is dirty to let me know that it needs cleaning . I like it !
 This Danner PM1000 is a great low profile filter for my 125 gallons pond . Attached it to 5 Watt Solar Powered Water Fountain Pump , this is what I was looking for especially price wise . Have to make modification on the hookup between the solar pump and the filter , but works great .
 A nice improvment to my pond , water is crystal clear . With my 700 gph pump this thing got the pond clear after two days , good or bad when the filter is dirty it will float to the top ready to be cleaned . Overall it is a good product .
 This is an exact replacement so I am already familiar with the product . For my relatively small pond , it works perfectly but the filter has to be changed very frequently ! There is a variety of different filter media available that is priced fairly reasonably but rarely do you ever get to the point you can just use the charcoal filter or the really fine media . But , it does the job well , is simple to maintain and inexpensive .
 I love this feeder and have used it for at least 7 or 8 years . It is great if you want to feed small birds.I was surprised by the previous reviewer and understand why he did not like it if he tried to clean it by taking it apart . It is not designed to be taken apart and is very easy to clean without doing so . I just open the seed filler slot and spray the entire feeder with a safe cleaner , let it set for a few minutes and than rinse it with a hose and set it aside to dry . Takes almost no time and little effort . I use four of these . This allows me to have two in use while the other 2 are drying.It is not hard to fill either . I keep my black oil sunflower seed in a large container . I open the seed slot , lay the feeder in the seed and shove the seed in with my other hand . Takes me about ten seconds.Chickadees , Nuthatches , Titmice and Goldfinches regularly use my feeders . It is not unusual to see four goldfinches feeding at once . House finches who dominated my other feeders can not use this feeder . They try and give up.I am ordering two more to replace two that have faded from years of use in the direct sun .
 This is my third Becks chickadee feeder that I 've owned . I Love that it keeps larger birds from stealing the sunflower seeds out of it . This feeder is durable and lasts a long time .
 becks chickadee feeder green this feeder is well made . placed feeder in my yard I have tube feeder sparrows like to feed chickadee feeder chickadee started to feed sparrows would not go to this type feeder feeder should last . very happy with this product gerard . phila . penna
 My previous feeder allowed sparrows to sit and empty the seed onto the ground in just a day . This feeder claims to prevent sparrows from gaining access to the bird seed . And it actually works ! I 'm now attracting black-capped chickadees , white-breasted nuthatches , and purple finches to the feeder which is filled with sunflower seeds . My only complaint , or word of caution , really , is that this bird feeder is much smaller than I thought it would be . So it needs to be filled every couple of days . But it really does work and I 'm now going to see if they offer this type of feeder with more capacity . If they do n't offer a larger size , I 'll just buy a second one to hang near the first feeder.Just so you know , this feeder works because it has a very small lip or tray that only smaller birds can cling to as they reach in a short distance for the seed . The sparrows flutter and flap around without being able to land and eventually give up . It did take the purple finches a little time to figure out how to get in and grab a sunflower seed . But none of the birds get to be `` piggy '' about their feeding because there is no place for them to just sit and consume or waste all they want .
 was n't sure about purchasing this online in case it did n't fit , but was the exact chain I needed , and very sharp . Have used it about 20 times so far . Very happy with purchase and seller .
 I actually bought two of these for Christmas gifts to go with two blue bird houses I had bought for Christmas gifts . I could n't help but read almost all of the book before wrapping the two of them . This book is the perfect gift for anyone who has blue bird houses . It give the reader all the information needed to keep the blue birds ` happy ' as far as cleaning , location , mounting and more . The book is filled with basic information any bird watcher would need as well as information to educate anyone who is just starting with blue bird houses .
 I found this book to be very informative . I have followed the info given and now have two Bluebird houses full of chicks . One female is on her second brood . Her first brood all lived and fledged . I keep an eye on the nests everyday , as suggested , Do be careful of the parents because they will attack if you go to near the nestbox . I have a bump on my head to prove it . Do makesure they have access to water . They drink quite often and love to bathe . Food , -LRB- mealworms are easy to find and they love them -RRB- Shelter , -LRB- nestboxes -RRB- and water , -LRB- birdbaths -RRB- are the only requirements they need . I live in NH and have never been able to get them to winter here but I have a lot of berries -LRB- sumac -RRB- this year so will give another try . ENJOY
 I love bluebirds , and this book does a great job of telling the reader about them . It is easy to read , concise and full of colorful photographs . Want to learn about these wonderful birds , and do n't want to learn about it on a computer , then this is the book for you .
 This book is great for a beginner when it comes to learning about bluebirds . Just enough information to help you understand these fascinating birds , but not too much to overwhelm you . The perfect book for anyone wanting to know about these birds !
 I love this book . I put up 2 houses in late April ; the next day I had a pair of bluebirds checking it out . They successfully raised a brood of 5 , in my large back yard . They like large flat fields to find bugs in . Try it !! Fun !!
 The Bluebird Book was concise , informative , and easy to read . I would highly recommend this book for anyone interested in attracting bluebirds .
 excellent compilation of techniques for successful bluebird watching , raisingand conservation
 As a teacher , I was especially thrilled to share the collection of famous bluebird songs , poems and quotes in one of this book 's chapters with my students . The photographs are outstanding . Most of all , this book is a wonderful comprehensive collection of bluebird information
 Once you have a bluebird visit your backyard , you WILL be hooked ... and you 'll start looking for anything and everything to lure them back -- it sounds crazy , but I think every bluebirder started this way ! I read just about everything I could find about them on the internet , and you can find tons of information there , but sometimes I 'd rather consult a book or two -- The Bluebird Book is one of my two.Actually it is pretty basic , and I thought it was too basic at times , but the further I read there was still a lot of good information about bluebird behavior , feeding habits , preferred habitat , nesting , nest boxes , predators of the bluebird , predator prevention , and what I did n't see anyplace else ... bluebird language ! But I think what kept me reading was the fantastic photographs -- the photos will draw you in , and if you were n't too serious about doing the ` bluebirding thing ' , you will be after starting with this book . What it lacks in `` complete reference '' will certainly prompt you to take the next step of getting another more advanced book , pouring thru bluebird internet sites , or setting up a nest box or two in your yard . Just a note -- depending on where you live in the US , parts of this book may not apply -- but that is the same for other bluebird books also ; do n't get discouraged over it . Most bluebird books cover Eastern , Western , and Mountain bluebirds all at once , and what works in the east , may not work in the west , or south , for example.The other book that goes into great detail on just about everything bluebird related is the Bluebird Monitor 's Guide . This should be your next book if you can find it . Excellent stuff , expands on what you learned in the Bluebird Book , and lists many lessons and lessons-learned , easy and hard , from average folks who became very passionate about bluebirds.After starting with the Bluebird Monitor 's Guide , The Bluebird Book filled in a few areas and had some good detailed photos . And all the photos will have you wishing to have these beauties grace your neighborhood . Another note -- there 's also a Stokes video about bluebirding ... I have n't seen it , but much of what I 've read about it online is not very positive . Stick with this book and the Monitor 's Guide and you will have plenty of solid information about bluebirds , setting up PROPER nest box -LRB- es -RRB- , and providing a safe environment for a bluebird family , or any native wildbird family for that matter . Please be a responsible bird landlord !
 This is just one of the many popular bird books written by Donald & Lillian Stokes . The `` Stokes Bluebird Book The Complete Guide To Attracting Bluebirds , '' in my opinion is one of the top Bluebird books now available . This page size glossy book , of 96 pages , has a as many color photos as it does pages.The written material is both easy to read and understand . And will be as interesting , and as educating for the beginner as it will be to the expert . The photos not only are exceptionally beautiful , but help to visually explain what has been written.The book is broken down into three sections . The Stokes write about the three types of Bluebirds . Then how you can attract the Bluebird by improving their habitat . And of course the best basic materials used with the Bluebirds in mind . Learn also about those birds who compete with the Bluebird , and also their predators . Then learn of the many areas of a Bluebird 's behavior , like the how and the when of their breeding.If you want an easy to read book with all the Bluebird basics , plus the beauty of large , clear , up close Bluebird and other photos . This is a book you will want to add to your library .
 Great reference - gives information on everything from migration to nest site selection to nest building -LRB- and differentiating between BB and other bird nests -RRB- , courtship behavior , what they do if one parent dies , raising the young etc. . There 's a new book out by Cornell 's Lab of Ornithology -LRB- Bluebird Monitors Guide I think its called -RRB- and it takes all of the info here to the next level but I still come back to this one for the ease of use , straightforward info . Excellent !
 This is certainly one you will want to add to your collection . Having been a birder for well over fifty years now , and a collector of books on the subject , I found this one to be well worth the cost . As pointed out by another reviewer here , some of the information in this book is quite basic . But that is okay ! Everyone has to start somewhere and this is one of the best books I know to get that start . This is not to say that an `` expert '' will not be able to get anyting out of this work ... that is silly . But , like any work on the subject of birds , this one needs to be supplemented by other books on the subject and field guides.The photographs in this work are wonderful , some of the best I have seen and the text is clear and concise , which is sort of a trade mark for this writing team . There is a great amount of useful information in this relatively small volume , and with it , and a couple of the other recommended works here , you should be able to become quite an authority on the subject . This particular bird is a favorite of mine and I find any work that promotes it 's well being a good thing . Recommend this one highly .
 Four bluebird houses and several bluebird feeders stand on our property , and I already own four bluebird books . Yet this bluebird book by Donald and Lillian Stokes looked like something I 'd want to add to the collection.After buying and reading this classic bluebird `` bible '' , I 've moved this volume to the head of the class.The reader is treated to a myriad of glorious bluebird photographs and insightful information about eastern , western , and mountain bluebirds . Just about everything one would want to know about the bluebird lifestyle , diet , and interactions is in this book . I like that the authors include a suggested list of bluebird favorable plants , bluebird feeding habits , and even a plan for a simple bluebird house made with a single 1 '' x 6 '' plank of wood.Don ' t be put off by the copyright date of this book . The information within is just as pertinent now as it was the day the book was published . The magnificent bluebird photographs alone are worth the price of admission . I highly recommend this wonderful book .
 The Stokes bird books major in the sheer delight of discovering the bird in question . The 1991 STOKES BLUEBIRD BOOK carries this tradition forward without missing a step.The book 's three sections explore ` The Birds ' , ` Attracting Bluebirds ' , an ` Bluebird Behavior ' . The first section introduces this captivating bird by way of poetry and observations made about it , mostly when the species was more plentiful than it is today . The Stokes then present the ` Eastern ' , ` Mountain ' , and ` Western Bluebird ' varieties.The second section details what we 've learned about compensating for the habit destruction that has made Bluebird numbers drop precipitously in recent times . I bought my copy after undertaking the Quijote 's quest of adding a bluebird house to my Indiana front yard . It was immediately fitted out by a male house wren whose spouse chose other digs.A final section , comprising nearly half the book 's pages , follows these birds through their life stages.Through 96 pages , the authors ' prose can not veil their admiration for these birds and their sheer delight in sympathetic proximity to them.It all adds up to a winner .
 This book has great pictures and answered all of my questions re bluebirds . I love the pictures of the different nest types ... it has enabled me to know what kind of bird is nesting in the bluebird box . Very helpful .
 This is a good book for those who are interested in learning more about bluebirds and perhaps getting started with their own trail . It is mostly focused on the eastern bluebird but also discusses the mountain and western bluebirds , with plenty of photos . It also shows how to distinguish different types of nests so you can tell whether a house wren or house sparrow has taken over your bluebird box .
 Our daughter had her first sightings this fall and needed a helpful resource and this book was that help for her
 My husband cuts and splits many cords of wood every year , and goes thru gloves like they 're made of gauze . But these really held up , so I thought I should put in a plug for Midwest Gloves !
 these fit snug in my pool ladder and have worked great for months . I would def reccomend these to anyone who doesnt want to ruin their pool wall by not having ladder bumpers ... i kinda wish they came in white but really who cares they work awesome !!
 While this is a very simple design , it does the job very well . Once you have it on the stand it is much easier to navigate the hammock if you lift and pull vs. trying to push it . My wife can move the hammock on her own now . Nice product .
 What a great idea-I am a little girl and find it impossible to move our hammocks for mowing the grass or shade/sun ... so this little invention makes it easy as pie-just lift one end and push ! Thank You for such a great product .
 I love these wheels for my hammock !! For me it is a necessity to be able to move that awkward thing around . The only drawback is that it is made of plastic which becomes brittle in the sun . Still , it lasted 3 years before breaking . I would highly recommend this product .
 I am very happy with these wheels for my hammock . Once attached , they make moving my heavy hammock very easy . I have moved it through the grass and on my paver patio without difficulty . Great product and a must for anyone with a hammock .
 Good product works as advertised . Must be sure to get it adjusted at the right level or it will scrape the ground .
 I love the idea of the wheel kit . It makes moving the hammock across the yard a one-person job and keeps all the grass from being mushed in the process . I do wish the wheels were made of a stronger material , as I fear they may give out within a year or so , but so far they are doing their job !
 This will work great if you do n't move the stand too often . If you find yourself moving the stand daily , the plastic will bend under the repeated tension . The wheels serve the purpose and certainly beat totally dragging the stand . The kit has held together for me this far , but I could see myself replacing it once or twice over the life of the stand .
 My hammock stand is heavy . This gadget lets me move it around without assistance . I love it and so does my lawn !
 We added this wheel kit to our hammock stand , now it is so much more portable ! Highly recommend , I would definitely purchase again as it 's saved my back when I would have been otherwise unable to move the hammock stand .
 We purchased our Pawleys Island Storage Bag as well as the Pawleys Island Trelis Stripped Gardens Collection Large Quilted DuraCord Fabric Hammock , Pawleys Island Tri-Beam Textured Steel Hammock Stand and Pawleys-Island-Hammock-Wheel-Kit the summer of 2009 . Our Pawleys Island Hammock is easy to assemble and disassemble . Everything stores easily because the stand breaks apart and the hammock slips easily into the storage bag . We appreciate the quality of the steel because it has not rusted and it is outside all summer rain or shine.We love our Pawleys Island Hammock because it is strong and the most comfortable hammock we have ever relaxed within . It is easy to enter and exit . It sits in direct sunlight from the south all summer and has n't faded a bit . Our Pawleys Island Hammock held my husband , myself , 3 small dogs and 5 medium/large dogs all at the same time giving you an idea of it 's strength and size . -LRB- One of our medium/large dogs passed which is why I wrote held -RRB- We purchased everything from Amazon at reasonable prices . We love it all the Pawley 's Island Storage Bag , Hammock , Stand and Wheel Kit . We recommend the wheel kit For ease of movement because it allows and older child or adult to move the hammock by themselves . The Pawleys Island wheel kit is durable and has not rusted.Our favorite pastime is for the 9 of us to climb into the hammock and enjoy the night sky . Meteor showers are the best !
 This is a very comfortable hammock and I find myself falling asleep in it quite easily ! I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and find it quite roomy , even if I add a second person . This is one of the few hammocks where someone of my height can comfortably fit without having their head hit the wooden support bar . I 'm using the hardware that came with it to mount it on my frame and I 've found there 's plenty of leeway and adjustments that come with this hammock 's chains . I 'm not sure why people are slamming this hammock for not coming with a stand , as hammock and stand are ALWAYS sold separately and nowhere does the description state that it comes with a stand . This is a fine , comfortable hammock and I recommend it strongly .
 This is a great hammock , but you have to take care of it . The people who complained need to read the instructions . It should not be left out in the weather . We have had ours for 6 years . It will last a long time if you do n't leave it out in the hot summer sun , the rain , or the cold winter .
 The hammock was just what I expected , great hammock , good quality , arrived when it was supposed to . very satisfied
 This is an excellent hammock . Very comfortable and big enough for tall people -LRB- I 'm 6 ' and I do n't hit either of the spreader bars -RRB- . The stand snaps together easily in about a minute . It is a cotton hammock so it wo n't last quite as long as a polyester fiber hammock , but you can feel the extra comfort of the cotton from the moment you get in . Great for relaxing on a summer afternoon .
 We 've had this since September , and we love it . Sturdy , easy to assemble and move , and holds up well through all kinds of weather .
 I recently purchased the Pawleys Island Large Polyester Rope Hammock to replace a imported cotton rope hammock . This product is wonderful . The polyester rope should be nicer because it does not get wet and mildew like the Indian made product.Do what we can -- purchase made in USA products . Our jobs depend on it !
 This is an excellent gift ! I received one for Mother 's Day and could n't wait for the weather to warm up . It is truly relaxing .
 Very pleased with my hammock . Quality is excellent , comfort is awesome . You wo n't be disappointed with your purchase . I purchased the stand with it . One recommendation ... buy the pillow too : -RRB-
 hammock is very nice , but a little more `` stretchy '' than our last one . the package comes with hooks to screw into tree , etc. which would work fine with the chains , however , we use a hammock stand and the enclosed chains and hooks for use with a stand do not allow the same versatility in adjusting the tightness of the hammock as we had with our previous hammock . we are using the old rusted chain and hooks and leaving the enclosed chain hanging .
 We brought this up to our summer place and hung it from two trees . PERFECT ! My husband has gotten a few naps out there on it , and my 2 year old loves to swing on it ! Holds plenty of weight , we have had myself , the husband and our 2 year old on it at the same time . -LRB- We are not big people , weight wise , but still , two adults and a child ... not bad .
 I 've had a Pawley 's for at least 15 years and it 's still going strong!My back yard is my beach -- no more sand , but plenty of sun . I 'm actuallythinking of purchasing one more to take me into my 70s , 80s and 90s !
 My wife and I bought our first Pawley 's Island Hammock in 1986 shortly before we were married . -LRB- We paid $ 69 at a Service Merhcandise store outside of Chicago . -RRB- For years , we used the chains to string the hammock between trees spaced 8-paces apart . For Father 's Day eight year 's ago , my wife and son gave me the stand . Over the years , everyone who saw sat or relaxed in it was awed and had to have one . More than one baby has been safely rocked into slumber in it . At one point , we could fit the whole family on the hammock
 I bought this hammock for my Fiancee as a birthday gift since he always said he loved to have one , he only used it for few weeks and it was stolen : -LRB- but as per his review , it was comfortable , large and durable . I would certainly recommend this one although it was a bit pricy
 Nothing like a hammock for summer relaxation . This Pawleys Island rope hammock was an anniversary gift for my daughter and her husband . They are both tall people -LRB- 5 ' 10 '' & 6 ' 2 '' -RRB- and fit together perfectly in this oversized hammock . So far it has n't stretched , it 's very comfortable and nothing beats the cradle-like sway of a hammock . It 's a great after-work comfort spot ; wonderful on weekends too ! So happy I spent the extra money on a fabulous , never disappointing , product .
 i received Pawley 's Island Hammock and spend this warm and clear sunday afternoon lounging in the Florida sun . It arrived quickly and in perfect shape .
 I bought this hammock as a Christmas present and it was the most sought after and admired present under the tree . Here in Texas we can enjoy the outdoors at about 70 degrees even in December . The hammock was as sturdy and comfortable as advertised and is the best hammock I 've ever owned . The cotton ropes are very much softer than the synthetic fibers . Two of us can lie in the hammock very comfortably , and I can even lie sideways in it with now problem . Thanks for the quality product that performs as I would want it to .
 Solid construction ; the wooden rails hold the hammock apart so it does n't sag like an envelope . The cotton rope is soft and comfortable . I really like this product .
 we had our old Pauleys Island hammock for 12 years before it started coming apart . we went on line to find a new one , and the best price , by far , was through amazon at EWINS . we ordered it on a sunday morning and it was delivered by the following friday , just in time for the july 4th holiday weekend . great service and very reasonable shipping charges .
 This hammock replaced one that just simply wore out ! It is especially comfortable on a hot summer night , aplace to read .
 I love Pawley 's hammocks . They are comfortable and easy to put up . They dry fast and sleep very well .
 I love this hammock . My previous Pawleys Island hammock lasted for years and this one is just as wonderful if not more so . It is large enough for two and is very soft . I ca n't stay awake !
 I bought the Pawleys Island rope hammock and LOVE IT ! Talk about classic comfort . I ca n't get my husband and kids out of it so that I can use it.I would highly recommend it .
 I bought this to use it at my son 's preschool 's sport festival.The school has been using spray paint field marker for years , but it was expensive andwe decided to try something different.For a small sport field we used half a bag.We used it on grass , and the lines were difficult to see from far away.We applied the marker several times to make sure the lines were visible.Still , it 's a money saver compared to spray paint marker , and we would buy this again.It would probably work well if you are going to use it on soil -LRB- or very short grass -RRB- baseball/soccer field .
 This has been one of my favorite purchases this year . I love our new storage shed ! It feels substantial and was relatively easy to put together following the directions in the nicely-designed , glossy assembly leaflet.I like that the shed can be used indoors or outdoors and that it includes pegboard holes on the inside of the doors for hanging things . The shelf is nice , too.This was my first purchase from the Outstanding Solutions product line , and I would not hesitate to buy from them again . I also had to contact the company 's customer service over a slight problem , and the help I received was second to none . Highly recommended !
 I was very impressed with the engineering and construction of the plastic Keter Storage Unit . All parts easily clip together to give a stable , strong storage unit -LRB- no screws other than those for the door handles -RRB- . The `` metallic '' appearance is very attractive and blends well with the stainless steel tables in my shop . I have minor issues with the shelving and the doors . The tabs on the back shelf supports have a tendency to break off . The installation of the shelves onto the side-wall hangers requires two people , one to install the shelf while the other pushes in the bowing of the side-wall . The storage unit has to be on a flat surface so that the doors close properly . This a common problem will all plastic storage units I am familiar with .
 Construction and use wise this is an A + product . I have 4 of these boxes now and love the easy open/close , how they all fit together nice in a confined area to save on space and hold my magic decks with ease ! Fits cards with sleeves no problem!I would give this a 5 star , but the colour of the box is near black in real life . It 's not a huge deal to me since I only wanted to have a different colour on my boxes for easy and quick identification , and it still does that to some dregee , just harder to tell it from my black box than planned . But no huge deal , I still use it and it does it 's job !
 These boxes are ok . They stay shut pretty well and survive a little abuse in a bag . However , after several opens they start to wear and the hinges crack .
 I have bought 3 to date . They are great for taking his deck to play with his friends . Buy enough for all your cards .
 This deck box is great . It is sturdy enough , granted you do n't toss and turn this thing all around and neglect its care . Just like any other product this could break on you if you are n't careful , but it is made of a very durable plastic type that seems it can last a very long time . I highly recommend this product if you want to fit your gaming cards in it . It fits my sleeved Pokemon deck just perfectly fine .
 These are good for my brother who needs them to store all of his magic the gathering cards that he has !
 if your looking for like top of the line , collector quality . find something else , i bought this for everyday use and its held up good . some people complain about getting the cards out , unless you have it stuffed full , its fine . even then , just tilt it .
 only complaints are it is difficult to open some times and hard to get cards out but in general it is a decent box and you cant go wrong with the price
 I think the product is great , but nowhere does it say how many kupcakes to use per meal . The fish love it , and remind one of the Harlem Globetrotters as they actually dribble the cakes around the pond . My concern is lest I overfeed them or underfeed them . Does anyone know how to determine the right amount ?
 Contrary to what everyone seems to believe , these chinese tools are very decent for what you pay . I received mine about a month ago and have been using them ever since . They have n't caused me any hold up yet . . I will add another review in the event that they fail . I think about the only thing that bothers me is they can not be purchased from an American company made by Americans , I wish I could 've supported our economy !
 Fast delivery and Beautiful Tool Set . My husband absolutely loves it ! He tells me everyday how each tool is perfect for his different bonsai . Beautiful tool set ! will definately see what else the seller has to offer . We are very happy !
 These are excellent beginning bonsai tools at a VERY reasonable price . Are they the equiv of a $ 200 tool set ? No . However they are an excellent value for the price . You will need to take care of these to a greater degree than the hire price tools or they may rust . Keep them clean and oiled and they should give you many years of service . I have not used all the tools but the ones I have used are sharp and retain their edge well .
 This set is pretty nice , it has everything I need for designing bonsais . The quality is ok for the price .
 Great price for a wide variety of tools AND case ! I just recently started bonsai as a hobby , and these tools are perfect as a starter set . As with any tool , the key is to keep them clean so they last longer . If the hobby lasts , I will probably invest in higher quality tools at some point , but so far , these are great !
 Received sooner than expected ; items were in great shape ; think hubby is gon na enjoy his hobby a little more now : -RRB-
 http://www.amazon.com/14-pc-Bonsai-Tool-Carbon-Steel/product-reviews/B000IEB32W/ref=dp_top_cm_cr_acr_txt?ie=UTF8&showViewpoints;=1The price value of this product is right , you can perform the work necessary for the maintenance of bonsai as long as no abuse of their capabilities , the edge of the tools is excellent . Recommended for fans .
 This was a replacement ignition coil for a Poulan Chainsaw . This part fit precisely as did the old part . I am very satisfied .
 This was actually purchased to fix a chainsaw that died after starting debris clean up following Hurricane Irene . I am very happy to state that it fixed the issues and the chainsaw is now in proper working order . It also arrived far before the predicted time .
 Here 's a link to the heater I received today : Uniflame 153100 Endless Summer Residential Outdoor Heater , Liquid Propane . I got the last one Gardenocity had in stock for $ 216 including the shipping . Great deal ! -LSB- Edit
 We got this product as a gift and find it wonderful . It was so simple to put together . I do have to agree with the other reviewer that it was a tiny bit hard to mate the gas line to it 's fitting , however , we removed the cover that covers the ` mating ' area and voila ! , they snapped together very easily . I do n't think it could be done without removing the cover . I think assembly took all of 15 minutes at most and was done by one person.As for its ' heating ability ... we have a 14 ' x 20 ' deck and it heats it perfectly , no issues .
 The solenoid and Carb came quicker than expected . The carb is perfect in every way , looks better than stock and the mower fired first time . The solenoid also worked first time . Could n't be more pleased.Guys , I spent 3 weeks messing around with carbs from other mowers , a `` new '' one from a repair shop . None of them worked right . This one bolted on and the mower fired up first time . What more can I say ?
 Beautiful to look and and to listen to . I 'm not a big fan of windchimes but my wife bought these and I 'm glad she did . They 're not obnoxiously chimey and are very well made .
 I am always looking for quality items for my garden and ended up purchasing both this & the Opus hummingbird feeder . Both are exceptional quality and absolutely beautiful .
 This wind chime is very large and sturdy . I was quite impressed with the colors and the `` mobile-like '' look of this wind chime . It is unique and make gorgeous soft chimes . A great gift for yourself or others . Nice quality & a great buy !
 The Opus Garden Ballet Dragonfly Wind Chime is simply beatiful to look at and listen to while you 're having your morning coffee on the terrace.Make sure to bring it in during the winter months so you can enjoy it year after year .
 I bought this for my daughter last year . She loved it . It is colorful , sounds beautiful and it even attracts hummingbirds !
 I did n't give them a 5 because they could be a bit noisier , though they are quite nice . Very pretty to look at as well.I 'm pleased with them . Good value for the money .
 This wind chime has a soft , charming sound to it . I have it hanging where I can spot it from a couple of different angles and it looks great form every point . Much more fun than the average looking wind chime !
 I gave this to my wife for mother 's day 04 . While she liked the gift , and put it in our garden , she wondered if the colors would stay true.After a year in Midwest harsh conditions - hot summer days in full sun and cold winter winds , it has indeed stayed bright and vibrant and has earned a dear place in our family yard decor . This Spring , it moved to the front of the house where all visitors will notice its unusual form and song .
 After much searching , I finally found a wind chime that not only looks beautiful , but has a soft , delightful sound .
 We bought this as a spare booster pump for our well , have n't used it yet , but shipping was fast , and unit arrived well packed and in great shape .
 I just recieved my new generator today . Amazon delivery was amazing . The truck line called . backed up to my door at my convienience , and me and the driver had it off the truck in less than 5 minutes . Keep in mind this is a 2 person job . Adding to the plus for the delivery is that it was absolutly free.It took me a total of 10 minutes to install the wheels , support bracket , attach the battery cable -LRB- yes it does come with the battery installed -RRB- , fill with the supplied oil and put in some gas . One little choke and the unit fired off a lot sooner than I anticipated . I ran some electrical power tools to make sure the unit was putting out power and they all worked flawlessly . I searched far and wide untill I settled on this unit . The Vangaurd engine -LRB- built by mitsubishi according to The Briggs rep I talked to -RRB- was the major selling point . It is quieter than many larger generators and can ramp up to a 13500 watt surge . Im not hoping for a power outage , but I sure would like to put this baby to the test . I might just throw my transfer switch tomorrow and see what it can do . Very happy at this point
 We have had our generator for close to a year now and it has never failed to do what it is needed to do . I have to say that we are happy campers indeed . It is extremely important that we have equipment that can handle heavy and persistent work loads at times . We have to rely on this generator completely in our wilderness off the grid location when there is inadequate solar gain to power our home and pump our water . We use ours every single day at times . This unit works so well that THREE of our neighbors have bought the exact some model for use at their own places after seeing ours in action . I have heard absolutely no complaints ... only raves from all of them . I 'm not sure why some others here have had issues ... but none of us have .
 I have had my Generator for a little over two years with no problems every time I have needed it it has started right up and run with no problems at all . In all I have used it moer than 200 hours one time when a hurricane knocked out the power I ran it for 5 days straight with no problems . I bought this one because it was one of only a few that could run the equipment that I needed . This generator runs a true sine wave just like what you get when you plug somthing into your house that is why I ended up this one , I first got one that was cheaper but had to return it the same day and got . This one I got from Homedepot , So all I can say is it has ben worth every cent .
 It 's saved us a couple times already . Extended power outages waste food . This will nearly power our whole house , including two refrigerators and a freezer .
 After substantial experinece in helping people in the aftermath of hurricanes , I saw that hurricane Ike was about one week out from my house inland and decided I would not be one of those poor saps without a generator when the power went out . I went to every store around 50 miles of my house before I finally found a generator . It happened to be briggs and stratton elite series with 8000 running watts . It was the only one left and I knew it , so I bought it reluctantly from a tractor supply store in Texas . Well , after a week of having my power out from hurrican Ike I was thrilled with it . Heck , I was even able to watch dvd 's on my TV , and that was while I had the comfort of knowing my refrigerator/freezer was running along with fans to keep the heat down . It is dirt simple to use , it is rugged , and the only minor complaint I would make is it about as loud as a riding lawn mower . That really is n't terrible though considering that it is a pretty powerful generator as `` portable '' units go . Thanks Briggs and Stratton , you never let me down .
 A great generator for the jobsite and home use . My order arrived on time and generator set up was fast and easy . But after putting the generator together , I could not get it started . After checking all the trouble shooting suggestions on the Briggs and Stratton website , I called customer service ... they finally suggested I take it to one of their authorized dealers -LRB- 15 miles away -RRB- . The problem
 Amazon had an incredible price on this when I bought it , and I could n't be happier.About a week after I placed my order , the delivery company wheeled it straight in to my garage -LRB- for free ! -RRB- and setting it up took about 10 minutes by myself.After doing some research , I learned that using synthetic 5W-30 oil was best in weather that 's below 40F -LRB- which describes Michigan for about half of the year -RRB- . I dropped a quart in , added some gas , and the generator fired right up.I did notice what sounded like misfiring , as another reviewer noted . However , as soon as I added an electric load , it went away immediately . After talking to some other generator owners , I found out that this is normal , and leaving a generator running with no load is typically not recommended.Overall , I could n't be happier with this purchase . I dare the elements to stand up to me now ! 2012 Update : You see a lot of updated reviews , and probably think '' ... and then it broke . '' but I 'm happy to report that my generator is still working fine , and keeping my house going as I type this.One thing I will mention
 I purchased the 7500 watt surge to 13,500 watt same unit much older . Got the unit week before hurricane Katrina glad I did ! We were out of power for 36 days between this unit , and one a little lower in wattage we have survived power outages in comfort . I use mobil 1 10w30 full synthetic changed every 75 to 100 hours this paticular unit has over 600 hours on it since 2005 only problem I had was with dirty fuel would reccomend this unit to friends , and family -LSB- got this unit for parents -RSB- . I run the whole house with exception of hot water heater , oven and dryer my house is total electric . This unit is worth it 's weight in gold to me .
 I could n't be happier with this item . It was easy to put together and to run for the first time . I had my house wired for emergency power and the electricians said this was a fantastic generator . They also told me that the price I paid was really good . Even when everything was online the generator did n't bog.It is a little loud but not excessively so.I would tell anyone it is a great deal and runs very well.I am a true believer in the quality of Briggs & Stratton . I have a lawn mower that is 35 years old and still going strong
 The article was better and was delivered quicker than we expected . It also was cheaper than what we could buy through other stores on line . Can not say much more as we have only had it a short while . The prove will be how long it lasts , but it seems sturdy enough to last for awhile . So far we are more than happy with the cover .
 Heavy material , excellent quality . I expect it to last for many years . Could n't be more pleased with my purchase .
 Basically purcahsed this product based on customer reviews here on Amazon and could n't be happier . Thanks Amazon and the cover mfg. !
 Great quality at a reasonable price . Very well made . I have the 94 '' cover protecting a 60 '' round cast table and 5 dining chairs with arms . Has plenty of room to spare . Heavy weight with velcro leg ties keeps it in place during strong winds . Wish they would of put a couple of more velcro ties on it . Solid top so you need to remove umbrella if you want to use it during the season . Strongly recommend this cover .
 This is the second Veranda patio table and chair set cover I 've bought from Amazon . Was so impressed with the quality of the first one , that I put a second one on my Christmas list . Since I did n't get it for Christmas , I bought my own . Ca n't beat the quality for the price !
 I 've been looking for a quality cover for my octagon shaped picnic table . Being that it is an odd shape , my choices were limited . I found custom made covers for over $ 200 . Thankfully I found this cover . My table is 92 '' across at its longest peak.This cover fits perfectly , going right down to the ground . I have the few tie downs in place and honestly , it would take a lot to blow this cover off . It has gone through 40 mph storm winds and a blizzard so far this year and has n't move a bit.If you have a table , or even an octagon shaped picnic table like me ... I would highly recommend this cover to anyone . Well worth the $ 50 it costs ! If you have a grill , get the matchingClassic Accessories 73912 Veranda Cart-Style Barbecue Cover , Medium , 58 Inchas well ! Its as good as the table cover !
 This cover seems to be well made . The material is fairly heavyweight and attractive . Of course it 's only been out a month so we 'll see how it makes it through the winter . The only problem thus far is we ca n't seem to pull the drawstring tight enough and on a really windy day it did blow off .
 The Veranda Patio Table cover is much nicer in person than it looks . It 's made of quality materials , easy to set-up , and it 's pleasant on the eyes . I would purchase this product again . It 's the best cover I have ever had and highly recommended .
 All I can say is it is all that I expected and more . It is well built and is holding fantastically against the Oregon rain and leaves . I would definitely recommend this product .
 This is an outstanding outdoor furniture cover at a reasonable price . It is exactly what I wanted -- durable material , neutral color , good price , nice choice of sizes . I perused many of the Amazon listings for outdoor furniture covers and the related customer reviews before deciding on this one , and I am very satisfied with my decision . I strongly recommend this item.A few days after posting the above review , I ordered five additional covers , including four for high-back swivel chairs and one for a 51 '' X 31 '' glidder . I am very pleased with all six covers -- they exceed my expectations .
 I have a really heavy 48 '' round aluminum table that is 2 1/2 ft. high . I was looking for just a table cover since I store my chairs in the garage for the winter . I ordered the BISTRO size and it is absolutely perfect ! It is just a tiny bit big which makes it more perfect to hang a little lower to cover the feet more . This cover looks so nice , is very durable and heavy . I am very pleased with the quality and price ! I plan on buying the grill cover next !
 We are very happy with this patio table cover . Our table is very large and heavy and the chairs are large and heavy . It is important here in Portland , OR , where it rains so much to have a proper cover , as our set is too big and heavy to move to the garage for the winter . This 94 '' cover is more than large enough . The last one we had was rather skimpy , but this one is large and the ties are great to make sure it stays in place . The price was amazing . It seems to be heavy duty and should last , but if it does n't last more than a couple of years , we will certainly look for the replacement Veranda Round Patio Table cover on Amazon .
 I have unhappily purchased those green , vinyl patio furniture covers that lasted all of a hot minute . . I was extremely dissatisfied but did n't know what else to do . . then one day while browsing Amazon I cameacross this brand of furniture covers and decided it was worth a try . . I have beem smiling from ear to earsince . . I LOVE IT !! . . it 's wonderful . . the material is extremely durable and is treated so that rainwater orany liquid slides off the cover . . wish I had known about this brand before . . you wo n't be disappointed . Thenhurricane Sandy visited me on October 29th & 30th . . I live in a high rise apartment building on the 17th floorwith a terrace . . the high wind whipped my terrace furniture around the terrace . . one chair had one of those greenvinyl patio furniture covers that was purchased in April and the remainder of the furniture was covered withthe Veranda covers . . WELL , the vinyl cover was torn and tattered . . have already removed and thrown away . . therewas dirt and debris on the Veranda covers . . once dry I removed the dirt and debris with a small dust broom andWIPED them clean with a damp sponse and voila they look brand new . . as if nothing had happened . . am going to buya Veranda replacement for the cover that tore !!
 As far as I 'm concerned these are the only patio furniture covers I will purchase . In 2008 I purchased this same cover , from the Veranda Collection , for my then new patio furniture . In addition to that I also purchased 2 Chaise Covers , 2 Patio Chair Covers and an Umbrella Cover . Here on the coast they take a beating and believe me when I say these have really been great at protecting my furniture . They have connectors so you can attach them to the furniture . We have had winds that pick up and move our chairs and the covers have remained on the furniture protecting the furniture from the inevitable bumps and scrapes against the ground . I 'm just now replacing all of the covers with new covers from the Veranda Collection . Despite the elements they always look nice and the color , Pebble , looks nice against the backdrop of the landscaping . I would highly recommend them to anyone who is looking to protect the investment they have made in patio furniture .
 Spent a fair bit of time looking for a good cover for our square table , 4-chair set . Many products found were either 6 chair rectangle or round table sets -LRB- including this one -RRB- . Our table set measured 71 '' x 71 '' -LRB- top -RRB- from chair top/back edges and 30 '' height . This cover fits perfectly ! There is about 8-9 '' of chair leg exposed -LRB- as shown in the item photo -RRB- but that is fine.Cannot speak about the overall long-term quality yet , other than to say it looks/feels like it is made of very durable material . Many other reviews have stated this is a long-lasting , durable product .
 Heavy duty , good looking , durable . I really like the looks of this cover . It is much heavier than my previous cover . My last cover was expensive and yet it was light weight and ripped after two years . This new cover is really good looking plus it is so heavy and durable .
 I ordered this product based solely on the description and some short comparison shopping . I found it very suitable for the job , covering a square table with 6 chairs . Although it has not been tested through the winter , it appears sturdy and durable . Especially liked the drawstring around the bottom margin , which enabled the cover to be cinched tight around the chairs . Very satisfied so far . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I would highly recommend this table and chair cover to anyone looking for a product to protect their outdoor furniture from the weather . I was pleasantly surprised -- it was everything they promised and more . The material is superior and so is the stitching . I would buy from them again !
 I looked around at a multitude of lawn furniture covers before settling on the Veranda . It arrived exactly as promised , with very good packaging and no damage . It is very sturdy and easily covers my outdoor set . Simply by adjusting the positioning of the chairs I can get it to cover with no center drooping where water can collect , though I must admit that in my Florida home , much of the backyard swimming pool veranda is covered so it is unlikely that I would experience a hard rain falling directly on the table . It has a variety of means for securing it to the furniture as well as handles to make placement and removal easy . It looks nice and I was exceptionally pleased by the transaction as well as the product and the delivery . I am giving it 5 stars because I simply can not find anything to complain about this purchase .
 My wife and I needed a cover for our round deck table and four chairs for the winter months . This covered all of my deck furniture ; however , it did not extend down as far as the picture shows . Regardless of this it has worked flawlessly . So far it has held up to snow and rain . It is water proof and you can tell that it is because water beads off of it . The materials used are better than other covers we considered and the price was good . This is a good cover for your deck/patio furniture . I would recommend it to others .
 very nice coverings . fits well . fabric is solid and fits chairs and tables well . worth the price ! Protects my furniture well .
 It is strong , fit our table and 4 chairs easily . I like the vents so the wind can blow through !
 This cover does my 5 ' diameter table with the chairs pushed in.Great cover - heavy duty.I 'd buy it again.One problem , sort of unrelated to the product ; Water sits on top of the cover , especially with the chairs in place.I 'd suggest a pool balloon -LRB- or similar object -RRB- under there , else the water sits and turns your wonderful cover black .
 Cover is very heavy duty and can withstand the Maine winter without cracking or becoming brittle like many other cheaper options . I wish it had more straps/strings at the bottom so that I could better fasten it to my table and chair set . Thats the only thing holding this back from a 5 star purchase .
 Is it my fault or theirs ? They show a table the same size as mine with all the chairs neatly nestled together . It seem though , that the chairs do n't nestle in so completely under my table and so this cover only accommodates the table in a grossly oversized kinda way . Although oversized , I can not fit a single chair under the cover with the table . Disappointing for sure!Speaking to the materials though , the quality appears very good ... canvas . There are some bungee drawstrings to cinch the bottom opening snug and a couple quick-clips to secure the cover around legs of the table . After covering my table , we had a windstorm with 60 mph gusts all night . My garbage cans were somewhere down the street but the table cover , though significantly tugged to one side -LRB- remember , it 's oversized on my table -RRB- remained securely in place .
 I purchased this cover over two years ago and it still is in excellent condition . It is fully exposed to weather and sun 24/7 . Other less expensive covers I have purchased in the past became brittle and started falling apart after two years of weather exposure .
 I have a grill cover made from the same material , could be the same brand for all I know . I 've had the grill cover for 3 years now and the only hole was caused by a rabbit chewing on it . This is great for my table which is actually a tall table . It does n't cover it 100 % but it gets 3/4 of the way down . Very easy to use .
 met my expectations , is easy to use and fits . used to cover table and 4 chairsfor the winter months
 This is a very nice heavy weight cover for my table . Well worth the price and love the color .
 I bought this cover few months ago and I like it . Cover is easy to set up and fits my patio set very well . I recommend it .
 The cover easily fits the round table and all four chairs . Nice fit . The material is heavy and keeps out the water and sun .
 For the price the cover is a good value and even weather Hurricane Sandy without sustaining any damage and remaining in place .
 I Love this line ! The covers fit well , have secure locking leg tabs to keep them down in wind , they are well sewn , the fabric is great quality and to top it all off They Are Pretty ! I have purchased covers for the bar-b-que , log rack , umbrellas , chair cushions , the rest of our patio furniture and the air conditioners . Everything is well constructed !
 I purchased 2 Patio cover sets and spent double what I spent on this patio cover . I wish I had purchased this one and saved myself some trouble . The quality is very durable . Totatly pleased .
 Best outdoor cover available . Have used them on my side table , umbrella cover , and patio heater . Very pleased with the quality .
 So glad to get a good quality table cover that is very sturdy and durable and I know will last many years . Thanks
 Hey , what can I say ? If it makes the `` boss '' happy , I am happy . This is a nice looking cover that you will be proud to display . We were very pleased with the heavy duty construction of this cover . I is large enough to cover the table and the chairs .
 I recieved the cover quickly and it was as described . It is very sturdy and fits perfectly . I am very pleased with the cover .
 I am using it to cover an odd-sized fire pit . It fits well . Seems well made . Will see how it holds up in the AZ heat next summer .
 This is the 3rd Veranda cover product I have purchased . I was so pleased with the grill cover and the chaise cover that I bought the patio table and chair cover for my daughter . Although they have a table with 4 chairs , I ordered the Large size . It covers it completely to the floor . I offered to reorder them a medium but my son-in-law said that this size is perfect since he does n't have to be so particular about tucking the chairs in.The patio table I have came with a cover and everytime we use it , there is always fluffy stuff from the underside of the cover stuck on the top of the chairs . I will definitely order a Veranda cover to replace this one when it 's needed .
 A sturdy and attractive cover that easily covered the table and six chairs . We found the identical item in stores for more money , in some cases much more . We would recommend it highly . Make sure you measure your table and chair combination before you place the order . Read cleaning instructions .
 I bought this cover this Fall to go with the other covers from this same manufacturer that we 'd bought for our other patio stuff . Excellent quality sewing , good fabrics and I 'm very happy with the purchase . A couple observations , though :1 . Before you buy , arrange your chairs around the table and then tape-measure from the back of one chair to the back of the chair on the opposite side of the table . This seems like Sesame Street advice , but there is a bunch of comments from folks who did n't do this and bought a cover that 's good for just their table , not chairs too . Some of them even grumped that it 's not their fault .2 . If , like it is with our setup , your chair backs are higher than the table , consider piling something in the middle of the table to give the center some height so water wo n't be allowed to pool in the middle and freeze into a heavy mass , which can wear holes in the fabric . I used the seat cushions on mine , and I 'm crossing my fingers that some animal wo n't like the stuffing to make a nest out of underneath the table .3 . I like the loops with buckles for tying the bottom of the cover down . We had a windy day yesterday that caused the hem to bunch up , so I 'm looking for something heavy to tie it down to .
 This cover is VERY well made and is nicer than most ... even those costing twice as much ! I bought this for my 60inch round table and 6 chairs , fits well and actually has room to spare .
 The Veranda Patio and Chair cover is exactly as described . It is a nice , heavy-duty cover that should last several winters at least . It easily fits over a 30 '' round table and four patio chairs with a little room to spare .
 I ordered the 94 '' Classic Round Veranda Patio Table and covers 6 chairs . I am extremely happy with it . It is a quality product , very well made , has 2 straps to attach to chair legs and draw strings to tighten around the bottom plus 2 handles for easy lifting . It covers my 59 '' round table and 6 high backed thick cushioned chairs perfectly and drops down far enough to adequately cover the chair seat cushions with room to spare . Because of the chair backs being quite a bit higher than the table , the center of the cover creates a pocket that will hold water like a bowl . I 've seen it suggested to place an upside down bucket or such to create height in the center so water drains off freely . I 've only had it about 6 weeks and it only rained the last 2 days before storing it so did n't try lifting the center yet . At any rate I highly recommend this product !
 Purchased this for our bistro set . Our set is standard height -LRB- not bar height -RRB- and it covers perfectly . Heavy enough that the wind does n't blow it away . Have n't had it long enough to test in different weathers ... but so far so good
 Ordered this patio cover set in large for a patio table and 4 chairs in the ` gathering heights ' series from Home Depot -LRB- high table & chairs -RRB- . Very happy with the cover . It is heavy and well-made .
 Very pleased with the quality and as it happened the size was perfect for my 48 '' round teak table and 4 chairs . But it was very confusing to judge what the actual dimensions of the cover was going to be from the listing description . The diameter of the cover is 70 '' almost 71 '' and the drop is `` 24 . Longer would have been nice . There are only 2 straps to tie to chair legs . 4 would have been good . There are 4 handles to move the cover around , very good .
 Update - July , 2010
 Very happy with the purchase . The fit was good and withstood strong gusts the very day I put it on . I was skeptical about the duo tone / sand color but it turned out nice . Easy to set up . Easy to fold and store . I strongly recommend this .
 This large patio table/chair cover generously fits our large round table and high back chairs . Manufactured of a substantial material , it is of a neutral beige color with a taupe trim . The reason it is rated four stars instead of five , is because it has not been around long enough to see if it will weather well . Time will tell ... I 'm back to tell you that I have had it a year , and it has stood up marvelously ! So if I could , I would give it five stars ...
 Although their website sizing is a little confusing , I finally got the right size . They are nice looking , durable and true to size .
 This cover rocks , especially for the price . It is heavy , lays flat , and has snaps to keep it from flying off in the wind . Looks expensive , even though it is not . Love it !
 These covers are great . Really well made . Heavy duty material . Would recommend . They look good on the patio even in the dead of winter !
 We bought this cover so that we can protect our patio furniture from cold weather and rain and so far are very happy with this purchase . Its a great heavy duty canvas that will last us a long time . Worth the money .
 Great product , covers table and ability to pull tight around chairs to avoid water filling into the top portions . can strap to bottom of chairs and provide a solid cover to protecting your furniture
 I bought a square table that has a fire pit and 4 chairs and needed a nice cover . Picked one up from local store and it ripped easily . Saw this one on Amazon so decided to try it . The fit is perfect for my 92 inch table and chairs . Has a bungy cord at one end to tighten it up and another end has a clasp so you can attach it to one of the chair legs . The quality is exceptional ! Thick and durable . Would recommend it to anyone . Price was great when you start comparing on line to other sites . Amazon . . you did it again . I know I can always count on you to deliver the best products !
 This patio table cover is very sturdy and has survived high winds , heavy rain , snow and freezing weather . I have n't had a chance to find out how well it does in hot sun yet , but so far it has exceeded my expectations .
 We live in an area with very high winds in the winter . I like the weight of the fabric on the cover and believe it will stand up better than others I have purchased . Only time will tell !! The color is very nice and it fits our patio furniture quite well .
 Got this cover for a new 40 '' square table and 4 chairs.Since I was looking for something to protect it from the sun , this looked like a good choice . It drops down far enough to cover the chair cushions , too . It rained really hard , and it leaked just a little on the glass table . The color has faded some over the 3 weeks the sun has been beating down on it . But , all that aside , the table and chairs stay pretty clean , and they will last much longer than they would otherwise.So , so far , so good . Will have to see how it does with snow in the winter .
 We purchased this cover in April 2010 and were pleased with the overall quality and appearance of the item . We push the limits beyond the picture shown by putting 5 full wicker chairs around the table . As a result , the cover barely hits the half-way mark on the chairs but the table is obviously still fully covered . A heavy , large rock is needed in the middle to weigh the cover down - wind will easily catch underneath and we 've had it blown off & away several times . I 'm pleasantly surprised how cool it keeps the natural stone table it 's covering - very helpful for those hot summer months in the midwest .
 This is the best cover I 've had . It fits properly and the fabic does n't fade out or get stained ! I 'd would recommend this cover !
 Great fit , appears to be of good quality . This item replaces another brand of cover that lasted over 10 years . It has a major advantage over the old cover , it does n't catch air . The specs say it wo n't blow off and it does n't . Attractive , appears to be durable and great fit . Love it .
 I have a large resin wicker set that is all-weather but I prefer to store it during the off season . Previously I hauled the oversized chairs and table to the barn which was a chore . This year , I purchased this oversize cover and I love it . It easily fit over my table and chairs with room to spare . It covers everything about 3/4 of the way down the chairs so everything is well protected . The canvas material is very heavy and should last for a long time to come . The weight also helps keep the cover weighted down as I have n't had any issues whatsoever with the cover blowing up on stormy days . I would highly recommend .
 Cover is made of strong material . It has a sort of bungy cord on the bottom to hold in place but really is n't strong enough to do the job . If you have small chairs that fit all the way under the table this cover would be great , however , if you have wicker chairs that go around the table and do n't tuck in , the cover no where near fits . My table is only 36 '' square so I thought for sure it would have fit . All in all , I believe the quality is good .
 This is the third cover I have bought for my square wood table and chairs -LRB- that only partially fit beneath the table because of their arms -RRB- . I believe that this cover will last for several years - instead of the normal 1-season . It is excellent quality and thick enough that the square edges on my furniture do not poke through or put too much stress on it . It is also great on my very windy deck . I highly recommend this and plan on buying Veranda covers for my other patio furniture .
 Measured and re-measured . Thought it would fit but it did n't . If you think it 's going to be close just get the bigger size . Returned product and purchased one size bigger which works great . Return procedure was great . Now have Veranda BBQ cover , fire pit cover , and LARGE table cover . Excellent quality , heavier than most but very easy to maneuver . Love them all !
 Has really held up in bad weather . covers all my furniture , patio table , 4 chairs plus two extra patio chairs . No need to buy extra covers . Love it
 fits well around the table and chairs will have to see how well it weathers this winter to give final review
 This will be short and sweet unlike those that write because it 's their job to write . The Veranda Patio table/Chair Set cover is exactly what I wanted and exactly as descripted . Thanks .
 So far , so good . Nice quality . Main comment
 Fits my requirements well . Fast on time delivery . Clips and Drawstrings hold in place during windy days . Durability of material looks promising for long term usage . Priced right .
 This is an excellent outside cover . I did not expect the cover to be as heavy as it was . Should get many years out of it
 I have a small bistro table and chair patio set that is too heavy to bring inside . So I needed a well made cover that could make it through the Pennsylvania winter months . I found this Veranda cover . It was somewhat pricey , but it was worth it . It arrived within a week of the order . It is strong and substantially made . I found the proper measurements for the cover thanks to a previous product review . Even though it was made for a bistro set , it was slightly large but still fit well over the table and two chairs . It has a good warranty , and I am very happy with this purchase .
 time will be a better judge of true long turn value . In the meantime it has functioned very well and we are most satisfied .
 I had seen this product at the showroom where we purchased our patio table set and where they wanted almost twice the price of Amazon . It is thick and well constructed . We just went through our first major storm for the season -LRB- w/2 '' of rain -RRB- and winds up to 40 mph . This product helded up nicely and did not blow off . It has straps with snaps to hook around legs of tables or chairs . I just ordered the bbq cover and fire pit cover and will definitely use this brand in the future .
 My husband made a table for the patio and it was a round spool table whichis a unusual size and I needed a cover for it before we get snow . This coveris beyond perfect and stays on and can attach to the legs . The material isvery durable . I read the one customers review and decided to buy it and wouldsay you can not go wrong with this cover . Amazon is the BEST place to buyanything you could need !!
 When you buy covers for your patio furniture online you hope they are as well made as these . I 've bought other brands of patio furniture covers online before and they do n't even last 2 years . The workmanship on these is much better .
 I have a 48 '' square table with wicker chairs -- this cover works perfectly . I liked it so such I purchased a 24 '' square cover for a side table . The quality is unbelievable for the price .
 The Veranda patio furniture covers are definitely the best quality and value around . The nylon fabric is extremely heavy duty and is completely PVC coated on the inside for excellent rain/water proofing -LRB- rain will pool on it if the cover sags -RRB- . The only negative I have is that the elastic draw string is hard to pull tight . I do n't have any worries of it flying away , but if I could pull it tighter I could eliminate some sag in the cover and help against pooling water on the cover.I had one previous to my current cover and it ripped after 2 years of use -LRB- not it 's fault , snow load + the tennis ball I had covering my umbrella base fell off -RRB- . If not for the tear , the fabric and PVC coating where still practically good as new and probably would have lasted at least a couple more years which is pretty darn good for something that sits outside year round through all four seasons -LRB- I live in NJ -RRB- .
 Looked at many covers . Found this one and could n't be happier . Very tough for protecting our furniture in the blazing sun ! Includes tie downs on the legs that is a real plus ! I do n't know how many times we had to look for our older covers in the stong winds we experience here . A great buy and a great price !
 excellent quality for the price . i have two other covers that are over a year old , exposed to direct sunlight , and have held up very well.highly recommend .
 I am very happy with this product . Great quality . Great protection . It fits perfectly with ease , and has a good attachment and securing sytem . Does n't blow off or blow around . Very effective . I can sincerely recommend this product .
 I gave this to my son for Christmas and he is thrilled with the table cover 's quality and appearance . It looks great and is very durable . Well made and should last a long time .
 Have only had this product a month or so , but so far , so good . We have had several wind storms , and the cover stays in place . We have had rain and ice and the water does not accumulate on the cover . The material is nice and heavy . And it is attractive . A plus for me since the cover can be seen from the road . It was a little dirty when I got it out of the box . Hopefully it will hold up for several years .
 This cover really looks nice , which mattered as I shall see it all winter season . It has a drawstring cord at the base , as well as clasps to keep it secured to the furniture , and they work ! We have already experienced some very high winds and everything held . The quality appears to be very good ... My family has purchased some &#34; cheap &#34; covers for outdoor furniture at their summer home , and it is nowhere near as good looking , and has really fallen apart . It looks terrible ! If this maintains for a couple seasons , I will be gifting a set to them !
 Purchased this to protect a square table and 4 chairs , as could not find a cover specifically for a square table , so it does n't fit quite like it should , but does the job . Have had several very windy days and cover ties and loops have held well . We will see what happens over the winter .
 The cover is heavy duty fabric and it covers the large table and 6 chairs that I have . The only thing I would like to see is more tie downs . It has 2 , but that is not enough for the size of the cover . The wind has blown the cover off once already . We are trying to come up with our own tie downs to secure the cover over the winter months .
 The product was as described and was of very good quality . It fit my furniture perfectly and was easy to use
 This size was too small for my table and 4 chairs . I returned it and ordered the larger size which does cover everything and it stood up to Hurricane Sandy .
 Love the heavy duty fabric , color , pull cord and click straps . A major wind storm came thru , nothing broke even though a few items went for a ride off the deck . The covers came thru without damage and cleaned right off . Hope they last for years to come . I ordered the large for my 5 foot table , and it fits my 6 chairs and an end table under perfectly -LRB- I doubled stacked 2chairs -RRB-
 Just received the cover and it looks pretty good . The handles are well built and the material seems family thick . It 's mostly water proof and we hope this will last a good bit .
 I am extremely pleased with the Patio table and chair set cover . Very durable and well made . One of the best purchases I have ever made . Wish it was longer and wish they would take that into consideration , but other than that , this product can not be beat . It is very worthy of 5 stars . I will order the covers for our other furniture from Veranda and Amazon .
 I do n't think anyone would be disappointed with this patio table & chair cover . I can hardly believe how good the quality is for this price range . I was paying nearly this price for those thin green vinyl covers that always blow off and only last about a year before they rip.The material used for this cover is canvas with a rubber backing . Very similar to our boat cover if not the same . Some other nice features are the covered air vents on the sides to prevent mold , the handles -LRB- its heavy -RRB- to make it easier to put on & take off and the leg snaps and a draw string so it wo n't blow off . All pretty nice.Our table and chair set -LRB- with the chairs pushed in -RRB- measures 88 '' dia so I thought this 94 '' dia might be a bit big but its not . -LRB- I just planned to pull the chairs out a bit if it was . -RRB- I purchased this cover through Amazon from autoaccessories4less for $ 49.99 . -LRB- $ 5.00 less than this one -RRB- . Just do a search for this cover model and that one will show up . It arrived in no time . Pleased all the way around.UPDATE SEPT. 2012
 I purchased this large cover to use on my deck to cover my 44 '' wrought iron table and four large high-back chairs and it works perfectly . The extra room also allowed me to place two small end tables underneath the cover so I could store all the patio furniture in one corner of the deck where it is out of the way for the winter.I am very pleased with the color and the quality construction of this cover-the fabric is heavy with reinforced seams . The features such as the straps to secure the cover to the table or chair legs and the vents to let moisture escape are very nice touches as well . I think this cover was well worth the money considering the cost of the wrought iron furniture I bought it for . I also have the patio cushion bag and have just placed an order for the matching grill cover .
 We purchased this cover for our teak table set this winter . Although it does n't quite cover the 48 '' round table with all six chairs around it -LRB- they do n't full push under the table -RRB- , we really enjoy it . It is made of a very durable material that has stood up well to the 3 Colorado Blizzards we have faced this winter . Plus , it looks WAY better than any of the other ones we looked at . Great value !
 Overall , we really like the look and quality of this table/chair cover . They are n't cheap but they are very well made and seem to be worth the price . The only thing we 're not happy with is the design.If you have a table and chairs without an umbrella , you 'll be very happy with the Veranda units . They are heavy duty , attractive and do n't move in heavy winds and driving rains . They work great ... but ... if you have a center umbrella in your table , it is a pain in the a _ _ to have to take out the umbrella before putting the cover on . Having done it once , is enough for us to modify the cover by cutting up one side and putting a hole in it so we can wrap it around the umbrella without having to remove it everytime we want to cover the table . We stuck on velcro to close it up again , which seems to work okay . Feel badly about ruining such a nicely made cover but otherwise we would have stopped using it.Pros - very well made , excellent quality , very attractiveCons - major hassle to use with table with center mounted umbrella
 Very Nice fabric heavy and durable , nice clasps . Not quite as long as I would have liked to cover the legs only came down about 1/2 the way . I had to order a bigger size the dimesions for ordering may have been off .
 I wanted a cover to protect a new patio set from the weather . This cover is perfect . It covers over 94 '' which my set is a round table with six chairs -LRB- 100 '' -RRB- . The fabric is heavy with two draw strings to tighten the hem and two straps to secure to chairs . Since it sagged a little in the middle , I put a huge ball in the center of the table before covering . Now rain will not collect in the center .
 I bought this cover last December and the result of my winter durability test was excellent.I found it so sturdy and reliable ! Since this is a little too big for my furniture set , it covers all almost to the bottom of the furniture legs -LRB- it may not look so nice aesthetically . -RRB- and although it can be tied only at two points , the cover stayed all the time even under very windy/snowy weather . -LRB- Wind even pushed the furniture set all together as if it was one big piece ! -RRB- So far so good!I did not give the full 5 stars , just because I could not find the best size , and of course , I would like to continue to check the durability for coming years ... My patio furniture set is a 48 '' table and 5 chairs , but the cover size is large -LRB- to 94 '' diameter -RRB- as the medium -LRB- to 70 '' -RRB- seems to be too small to cover the whole set . I guess the bigger the better as there is plenty room to put other things underneath .
 This is the third Veranda cover I 've purchased and I ca n't say enough about how good these covers are . I have been using a grill cover and a chair cover through two winters in Minnesota and these covers still look like I bought them last week . The Medium size table cover does cover my 55 '' table with ease and with enough left over so that it nearly reaches the deck . Definitely long enough to keep the snow from accumulating under the table in winter but not too long that critters will feel comfortable under there . If you need a cover for anything outside , especially through the winter , Veranda makes the best . I wo n't buy anything else .
 I knew this would be a good cover if it was anything like my 2 yr old Veranda grill cover . I am not disappointed!Pros
 Having had numerous covers for our bar height table and four chairs , skeptical of durability claims would describe our feelings prior to ordering any new cover . Once received however , it was easy to see why others appreciated its material thickness and construction . We ordered the Classic Round Veranda 70 inch to fit our table and chairs . The overall cover height is about 12-16 inches shorter than we would have liked but we knew this going in . It still covers the table and chair seat bottoms but not by much . If you have a bar height table and chair set , measure carefully before ordering and consider calling the manufacturer if there are any doubts as to coverage.The cover has only been installed for about 10 weeks now but it has subjected to several violent thundershowers and blazing hot sun without a hitch . The cover tie down is simple yet effective so far . This is a fairly heavy and bulky cover when off the table so I do n't see someone simply tossing it on a spare chair for that BBQ . This is the trade-off with covers I 'm afraid , light and flimsy or heavy and sturdy . So far I 'm pleased with the purchase and the value received - two more seasons will tell for sure .
 I bought the 94 '' round cover . The Gardelle material appears to be quite durable . The `` quality '' vinyl cover I bought last fall tore in late January . At this time , this cover does n't even show signs of straining at the seams . This winter has not been particularly rough in PA , but I like what I see -LRB- or do n't see -RRB- so far . And since the price is comparable to -LRB- in some cases even less than -RRB- those of vinyl covers , I would highly recommend this product over vinyl.The only reason I did not give this product 5 stars is because it only has two straps to secure it to the chairs . Unfortunately , the elastic cord does not seem to keep the cover secure during high winds . It would be better if this particular size had six straps since it is designed for a six-chair table set . I spoke to Classic Accessories and was told that they are looking into adding more straps to their covers .
 We have typically used a tarp over our patio furniture during our Chicago winters . I found this brand last year and when I saw how well it held up and how good it looked -LRB- rather than that tarp -RRB- I looked for another one for the rest of our furniture . They stay on tight . They keep the furniture looking great . They are well made . I highly recommend this manufacturer and ca n't ever imagine settling for anything else .
 It fits perfectly over my square table and four chairs even tho I think it was meant for a round table .
 The cover is excellent quality and workmanship . I have a 40 in sq table and there is no cover made for that size . I ordered a round table cover and it ` fits ' over the table and 4 chairs well enough to protect them . It is like putting a square peg into a round hole that is larger than the peg .
 This is a very nice looking and sturdy cover . I am using it for a 28 '' square table with 4 high back chairs . So far , it has done a nice job keeping my table and chairs protected from the weather . I also think the price was great for the quality of the cover.I am very pleased with my purchase .
 The table and chair cover is very high quality and looks good ; that said , it is extremely heavy and awkward to handle . When I read the description , I thought I would be buying a cover that I could whip off and on in a snap . Not possible and not good for daily use -- rather for long term storage . I had wanted the cover to put over two chairs , two ottomans and a side table . I sent this one back and bought two small chair covers and one small side table cover from the same company because I was impressed with the quality . Perfect ! Easy to handle , keeps all dry , and chair covers covers my small chairs and ottomons , in one swoop !
 This patio table and chair cover is the best I 've ever bought . It is very high quality . Extremely durable . I like how it secures to the chairs so it wo n't blow away and the price was great . I am very happy with my purchase .
 This is a very heavy-duty cover that fit over our table and chairs . I 'm sure it will end up lasting longer than our patio set .
 I bought this item based on other 's rave reviews & am very happy with the purchase ! Top quality ; I could already tell it will last for years -- so much longer than my other cover that cracked after 1 yr .
 I 've tried several covers in the past , and this one is the best quality by far and has the best warranty . The last on I had and wo n't give any names had a one year warranty , but after send it back three times do to ripping fabric they told me that they were limiting the warranty to me for three . Well needless to say that is the last cover I buy from them . So far so good with this one , and I think that the quality of this cover means it should last an last .
 Very good patio cover . Seems to be a good quality and has straps to prevent it from flying away .
 Fast shipping , great cover for our 2 chair set . I highly recommend this product .
 The cover is heavier and better in every way than anticipated . We do not use an umbrella and appreciate the fact the cover is continuous and contains no holes
 very sturdy and stays down in a stiff wind off the water ! You will not be disappointed with this purchase
 Good sturdy cover for a reasonable price . Heavy material , and it 's got little tie-downs that you can attach to the table legs so it wo n't blow off .
 In comparison to the cover that the heater came with , this one was way better . and it looks good too .
 I was looking for a way to protect the heater during the winter so I can keep it on my deck all year . The cover fits very well , and is easy to put on . I was also looking for a way to protect it from spiders nesting in the elements . Since the cover I 've had no problems . I recommend it to anyone who needs to keep the heater outside .
 This exactly the right cover for all my heaters , the material is sturdy and more then I expected . The extra inches make for easy on and off cover . If your looking for a cover this is the one .
 This is a great replacement for the original cover . It has held up really well so far . Let 's see what happens when winter hits but i have every reason to believe it will hold up just fine !!
 Our TN weather is at most unpredictable so protecting the investment of the Endless Summer was a must . Easy to use and put on . I must admit if you are shorter you may need a chair to drape this over.I only gave it 4 stars because it would better if it were longer to protect the base of the heater .
 This cover arrived quickly and is decent quality . For this amount of money , I am very pleased.Phil Hove
 Bought this item to replace the cover that came with my heater . The cover is n't too thick which might be a downside for some but it is easy to put on unit and the zipper is great . Overall , very happy with this purchase .
 Pro : + Fits well + Good looking + Keeps bees from nesting underneath the metal canopyCon : - Which end is up ? So monchromatic it was a little hard to play with-Can ' t put the cover on until the unit cools-Comes in a plastic pouch ... does n't fold or roll up in matter to store without it and the plastic pouch is ugly cheap -LRB- designed probably as a throw away -RRB-
 THis is a very good display . We love it . Classicdesign and beautiful great for any yard like the idea for the support that went into the ground
 This birdbath is everything I had hoped for ... beautiful ! I love hummingbirds and enjoy having birds of all kinds come to the yard , so I was happy to add this item to our wedding registry . The bath itself is a wonderful mosaic of what looks like stained-glass tiles -LRB- I 'm not an expert on materials , but that is the effect when I look at it -RRB- . It is a shallow bath , so it will require frequent refills during the hot months , but that 's a good thing to avoid getting dirty , drawing mosquitoes and to keep it clean for the birds . The black iron -LRB- I think ! -RRB- base is simple to set up so you can take it out of the box and have it in your yard immediately.Bottom line ... this is a beatiful birdbath , so go ahead and treat yourself -LRB- and your neighborhood bird friends -RRB- !
 I bought this as a Christmas gift . I thought the colors in the bowl were better than I expected from the picture .
 Recently purchased this bird bath in a tiffany style . It 's affordable , attractive , light weight and makes a nice ornament in our yard , plus the birds clearly are using it both for drinking and bathing . Would recommend it .
 The Opus Tiffany Style Hummingbird Mosaic Birdbath is a beautiful , well built accent piece for my garden . I love the vivid colors and know it will attract many species of birds . The visitors will enjoy the luxury of a new spa . I ca n't wait to see who takes the first tubbie .
 This birdbath is everything I had hoped for ... beautiful ! I love hummingbirds and enjoy having birds of all kinds come to the yard , so I was happy to add this item to our wedding registry . The bath itself is a wonderful mosaic of what looks like stained-glass tiles -LRB- I 'm not an expert on materials , but that is the effect when I look at it -RRB- . It is a shallow bath , so it will require frequent refills during the hot months , but that 's a good thing to avoid getting dirty , drawing mosquitoes and to keep it clean for the birds . The black iron -LRB- I think ! -RRB- base is simple to set up so you can take it out of the box and have it in your yard immediately.Bottom line ... this is a beatiful birdbath , so go ahead and treat yourself -LRB- and your neighborhood bird friends -RRB- !
 I bought this as a Christmas gift . I thought the colors in the bowl were better than I expected from the picture .
 Recently purchased this bird bath in a tiffany style . It 's affordable , attractive , light weight and makes a nice ornament in our yard , plus the birds clearly are using it both for drinking and bathing . Would recommend it .
 The Opus Tiffany Style Hummingbird Mosaic Birdbath is a beautiful , well built accent piece for my garden . I love the vivid colors and know it will attract many species of birds . The visitors will enjoy the luxury of a new spa . I ca n't wait to see who takes the first tubbie .
 It took me a while to read through all the information and figure out the Greek , but after applying this to my outdoor light fixture I have had no birds nesting there anymore . No complaints here .
 We bought Tanglefoot Bird Repellent not to repel birds but to catch deer flies . We heard that deer flies are attracted to royal blue color and used blue plastic disposable cups to smear Tanglefoot on . Then we attached the cups to hats or set them on stakes near deer fly areas . It has worked marvelously . I knew the deer flies were bad around here this year , but I am shocked at how many deer flies ended up stuck to these cups . I do n't know how it works for birds , but it has been great for deer flies when applied to royal blue cups .
 I searched the web for a solution to deer flies and found a site that said to use Tanglefoot -LRB- the clear -RRB- and paint it thick on royal blue items -LRB- I found royal blue plastic through away cups -RRB- . I painted it on and turned it upside down and screwed it on a dowel , went outside walked around and the deer flies just flew to the cup and got stuck . The season for them is done but I have my tube of Tanglefoot for next year . The Professor said he put it on a dowel on his lawn tractor and drove around .
 This is the best stuff to take down deer flies . Just spread it over a blue dixie cup and hang in tree or drive around yard . We have woods behind us and it cleared them out for quite awhile /
 The birds were landing on my truck mirror and relieving themselves on my door . This happened for weeks on end until I found this product . I saw a red feather stuck on the mirror after I covered the top with this goo and I never saw that bird again .
 This product works . It 's not the greatest thing since sliced bread , but it did rid me of my pigeon problem on my balcony . So do n't be deterred by the one star review.To mailbox guy
 The performance of this fitting is considerably better than comparable units found at the major brick and mortar home improvement stores . I bought two initially and experienced no leaks . Due to the thin brass they are not very durable . After a few months of normal use , the edge of one has bent in slightly and will no longer screw onto a hose.I still like them enough that I just bought two more .
 This adapter is great for going from pipe thread to hosepipe thread ect like on sprinklers standpipes and other adapters .
 This 15 '' electric trimmer is the first I 've ever owned so I have nothing to compare it to , except an old pair of rusty hedge clippers ! However , that being said , my first experience with the trimmer was excellent.The weight of the trimmer is good , although , it 's possible that some people may find it slightly heavy.Assembly was the only difficult part . The metal U-guide did not want to snap into place no matter how hard I pushed . I had to use a hammer to get into place.The main handle/trigger design is excellent , and features a hook that you loop your cord around so it does n't unplug itself . The 2nd handle is infinitely adjustable.The one-tap cord release works perfectly every time . The cord and 4.4 amp motor are very strong - enough to carve through dirt when you 're edging.Overall , this Toro trimmer is a bargain , and comes from a great company with a great history of lawn-care equipment . Except for the difficulty in assembling it , it 's practically perfect.Martin
 I 've had this trimmer for a few months now and it 's still working like a charm . I did n't seem to have the same problem with the U-guide as some of the other reviewers had . The trimmer has some nice power and increasing the length of the trimming line is easy . The price is great for what you get . The `` exclusive cord lock system '' leaves much to be desired . It 's not so much a cord lock but a hook and the cord sometimes wiggles loose . My Black and Decker blower/vac has a much better cord lock . But you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . It gets the job done and the cord lock is n't that much of a problem .
 Having used the Black and Decker Grass Hog and other string trimmers , I was pleasantly suprised to find that this trimmer blows away the other brands . For the price , you would be well advised to buy this model.I also found that the `` bump to advance '' cord is superior to the so called so called automatic centrifugal advance model . Mine never seemed to work . Also , this model trimmer allows for variable cord lenght.I will write another report on long term repair experience at some future date .
 I bought this trimmer about 4 years ago and up until now I 've never had an issue with it . From box to edging took me about 10 minutes . I was n't a fan of the pre-loaded .065 '' line they supply you with . . I know the manual said to only use that line , but it got chewed up too quickly , so I replaced it with .080 '' line and it worked like a charm . I still have n't finished the original spool of .80 '' line I bought almost 4 years ago . I did n't really care for the debris shield so I removed that and the metal guide deal also . It was pretty rough looking , but worked like champ . I trimmed around rocks , wood and everything you can think of pretty much and I never had an issue with the bump line release or any parts flying off or anything like that.The trimmer felt pretty good when held and the double handle was a really nice feature when you want to edge around the curb or sidewalks . Now I say it was a good trimmer up until now because it seems like motor has melted away the internal plastic housing it sits in so the head wobbles and does n't cut proper anymore -LRB- Probably due to my use of the bigger trimmer line -RRB- I really just need a new plastic housing for the motor and the trimmer will still work like a champ , but I 'm not having any luck finding just the plastic housing for it , so it looks like i may have to buy a new one.All in all I really enjoyed using this trimmer the last few years and had no issues with the build quality or anything like that . I 'm probably going to purchase the same trimmer again soon .
 I could not beleive how nice it was not to have to worry about gas and oil and dead engines from long term storage . This one is powerful enough and the auto string feed works if you understand the mechanism and do n't get carried away with feeding string . I like it and I have used a lot of these .
 Pros : PriceWorks well.Cons : Needs pulling spool thread a bit out quite often .
 Great price . I have only I complaint . I had to take the shield , which did n't fit correctly and kept falling off and remove some of the excess plastic where it fits onto the base . This had stopped the clips that hold it on from engaging . Once I did that , it was perfect .
 This string trimmer is a great product . It arrived in great condition and promptly . The assembly was quite easy and took almost no time at all . It 's very light and easy to carry ; easy to flip over for edging . It has an adjustable front handle which is great for tall people . The base also adjusts in diameter from 12 '' to 15 '' . You will need to purchase an extension cord separately .
 Being a woman , I do n't have the strength to start a gas-powered trimmer . Although I have n't used my trimmer very long , I found it lightweight a powerful and does the job . The price was right , too . I recommend it for women .
 Received in timely manner . First trimmer was broken . Return procedures easily understandable . Replacement handled quickly and efficiently . Second trimmer received promptly and performs as expected .
 I have a small lawn , and this unit allows me just to plug in and go . Two things to note :1 . The plastic string occassionally gets stuck , which is an easy fix to take off the spool and untangle .2 . The unit is not long enough for me . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' so I have to hunch over a little to use . But as I mentioned , my lawn is small , so I 'm able to trim everything within 5 minutes .
 Found the electric trimmer/edger to be very efficent and light weight to use . I did have to remove the metal u guide to be able to trim/edge close to a fence .
 I have used this trimmer several times now and it has met my expectations . I previously had a 15 '' Craftsman Weed Wacker that was not up to the task . I have a townhouse with a few small lawns that I need to mow once every few weeks . The Craftsman burned out quite quickly , apparently because it was n't powerful enough and could n't cool itself effectively . This Toro has plenty of power . It tears through most of the tough grass and weeds without problem . The only annoyance is that it 's a tad heavier than other electric trimmers and has a bit of weird vibration on the start-up and slow-down . The handle is fairly comfortable . The cord can slip out just as easily as every other electric trimmer , but that 's par for the course .
 After trying a competitor with a slightly lower price -LRB- It broke twice , 2 different purchases -RRB- we went with this Toro . Have used it 4-5 times so far this year and it 's working so far , so good .
 I have had a Toro before and this is one reason I chose to buy this one . So far it is working just as my old one did .
 I had a more expensive trimmer that I purchased at Home Depot . It was a Weed Eater . This Toro blows the Weed Eater away . It is much heavier and more sturdy.The Weed Eater felt flimsy compared to this Toro . This Toro has an adjustable handle which works great to increase the comfort level while holding it . I highly recommend this product .
 I 've been very pleased with the Toro 15 '' Electric Trimmer . I have a fairly large street front as residential lots go and use the trimmer for edging more than anything else . Although I still need to do a deeper edging with other tools once in a while the Toro makes quick work of it otherwise .
 This Toro trimmer works great and it is very light ! it is good for my size and fit like a glove . Thanks .
 This is my second season using this trimmer and I have nothing but good things to say about it . I would say that after trimming grass up to a foot tall for about an hour with no break , I 've put it through its paces.As far as a few people having the motor burn out , they may want to pick up a good extension cord and read the manual 's recommendations . It clearly states that if you use higher gauge extension cords at longer distances , you run the risk of burning the motor out . I use the 50 ' Coleman high visibility 14/3 and I 've had no problems . I 've also had no problems with bump feed . It feeds quickly and cleanly every time.PROS : Seems to be well built.It 's powerful and makes quick work of even the thickest grass.The bump feed works well.Price.CONS : You 're attached to a cord ... but hey , it IS a corded trimmer .
 It is getting harder to find a Single H Burner for my old Charmglow grill . Found it here at a great price . Easy to install , only took 5 minutes and a screw driver . Bring on the grilling !
 I have a natural gas grill that is used year around . I had a cast iron burner for six years of weekly and monthly use . I researched and decided to get a stainless steel burner this time . After a month of use , it seems to do a great job . It 's all I hoped it would be - IF it has the longevity that I would like . I would recommend the product .
 Used to build Halloween dummy in 2010 . Worked out great . Trick-or-Treaters -- and their parents -- though he was real . See uploaded photo .
 I bought this for my 17 year old son who loves creating spooky scenes for Halloween . He used it as the head on a hanging man and it definately got a lot of attention ! Very good value !
 This life size realistic human head is all that it claims -LRB- and as pictured -RRB- . From Forum Props comes a very realistic human head with acrylic blue eyeballs inserted within the eye sockets for a very realistic look , they are NOT painted on which is a plus . This dead head will surely compliment any occasion you decide to use it for . The bottom of the severed head looks very realistic as well , exposed bone , arteries , veins , flesh and gore compliment this great design . I am 100 % pleased with how professional this prop looks and feels , soft and durable . If you 're making a zombie flick it 's very easy to sink your teeth into this head without harming any of your teeth , bounces back , wo n't tear & can stand some abuse , upc # is 7 2177356645 5 . Two BLOODY THUMBS UP for this pro prop , WAY UP ! . Schroeder -LRB- Cult Movies Magazine -RRB-
 I was hesitant to buy , but really needed the sprocket to save my old McCullough 3200 . I am very pleased with this replacement sprocket ... fits perfectly and works perfectly !
 Parts fo this Chain saw -LRB- an small yellow Mc callit -RRB- is no longer avaible . But this sprockit works grate
 This sprocket fit and did what it was supposed to do . Chainsaw is working and so am I. Would recommend .
 When I received this bbq mitt , I knew it would last forever . Heavy suede is going to last much longer than any quilted mitt . I wanted this for my grill , so I wanted something a bit heavy duty . I love this thing !!! You do n't even feel the heat through the mitt . Great item .
 Timely product shipping and good substantial quality . However , I was not thrilled with the high shipping and handling which was a little more than half the cost of the BBQ mitt . Next time , I might shop locally to save the S&H .
 This is the second pitcher plant that I have owned but the first that I have bought from Hirt 's . It came in two days in a box that was so carefully packed that if felt like I was opening a gift . There was a small heat pack to keep the plant safe and each of the pitchers were carefully wrapped to protect them - I was blown away ! The plant is so healthy and absolutely beautiful ; I will be ordering more soon !! No one does plants this way and this is the way it should be done.Hirt 's sets the standard !
 This is the only seller I know that sells N. Alata which is the easiest nepenthes to take care of . And buying other nepenthes from other sites , I realized how this seller has sent me the nepenthes in great/best condition . Every single leaves were green and healthy along with big pitchers . I 've bought nepenthes and some other plants from other sellers but some of the leaves were most of the times brown and the pitchers are always small . This seller on the other hand , sends me the plants in the best condition.I 'm definitely looking forward to buy this nepenthes again from this seller . I mean this is the only seller so far that has sent me nepenthes with big pitchers with good price .
 I live in Montana , I ordered the pitcher plant January 15 , and received it January 18 . There is 12 + inches of snow outside . Temperatures in the mid to low 20 's . The plant I received was above and beyond all expectations . I have ordered Carnivorous plants including other nepenthes from other businesses that ship both bare root and potted . Never have I been more pleased with the obvious care taken to package and ship my carnivorous plants . Wrapped gently in news paper , then packing peanuts . The good people at Hirt 's Gardens also put in heating packs at no extra charge . There was no frost bite , the pitchers were in immaculate condition . The plant has not one but two very healthy growth points . I just cant say enough good things about it . Could not be happier .
 by far surpassed my expectations - i never expected a plant this big with so many pitchers - absolutely gorgeous . packed meticulously . THANK YOU ! Hirts Gardens .
 I have had my Asian Pitcher in my home about a month now . . never have i ever seen anything like it before . . have actually named him ! Fast shipping . . very healthy . . packaged well with heat pk . I will order from Hirt 's again and again . . lover there products . My plant already has approximately 8 new leaves with little pitchers forming . Amazing . . i mist and water with distilled water only . . do not forget to put approximately an inch and a half of distilled water in your plant pitchers when you receive your order . . if you do not , each pitcher will dry out .
 Plant was in amazing shape , packaging was excellent and the shipping was super speedy . I can not believe how healthy this plant is and I really want to order a second one , but there are n't any left ! I 'll keep checking back though !
 I purchased this plant in the beggining of 2012 . It is now December and it is still doing amazing . When it arrived it was packed with a box of packing peanuts , tape over the pot to keep the soil in , and instructions on how to care for this plant . I recommend having distilled or rain water available when it arrives as the pitchers will not have any fluid in them because of transport . -LRB- You will need to use a syringe to fill the pitchers . -RRB- The pitchers were all intact and each one was wrapped with protective paper . This plant needs lots of sunlight , as I had it in a north facing window and all the pitchers died . It starts to grow new pitchers fairly quickly and it does n't take them long to get big like in the picture . I did get a clipping from this plant and that one is also doing good and sprouting new pitchers . I recommend anyone buying a plant online to buy from Hirt 's as this was my second plant from them and I have never been disappointed . It arrived two days after I had ordered it with standard shipping . It is a great plant and it is so fun to see how many bugs go into those pitchers ! My husband I check the pitchers daily in the summer -LRB- as I leave it outside -RRB- and it get SO MANY bees , flies , and ladybugs !
 WHEN I WAS TOLD ABOUT THIS EXOTIC PLANT , I NEVER IMAGINED IT UNTIL I SAW PICTURES , NEVER HAD LUCK WITH THE CARNIVOROUS PLANTS BUT THIS ONE IS AWEMOME , AND GROWING AND I LOVED THE SIZE OF IT WHEN I PURCHASED IT . HOPING TO PURCHASE MORE OF THESE UNUSAL PLANTS AND I CAN CONTROL MY INSECT POPULATION AT MY HOME AND A GREAT CONVERSATION PIECE ALSO .
 Nice weight stainless steel , easy to use , cleans up well . Well packaged , arrived promptly . I 'm a stickler for quality , and this basket definitely measures up . With the handy handles , it seemed a bit longer than the length measurement listed -- or perhaps I did n't measure my grill accurately before I shopped . Reglardless , given the length , it was n't the perfect fit in our camping-size grill , yet we were able to make it work and are very pleased with it .
 Absolutely love this basket . We cook over an open fire often , with a tripod and grill . This basket is awesome for shrimp and pineapple or veggies cut up in bite sized pieces and sprinkled with seasoning . The handles are nice for shaking the food around , but a metal spatula also helps . Do n't be too anal about cleaning it - let it get nice and seasoned . I actually ordered two , so I could have one at the cabin . The other was purchased by a different company , but works just as well , so am copying review on that one also .
 I received the 20 ' flag pole just fine and installed it according to the directions . Everything is great about the product , except the cleat mounting screws will not tighten up and I am afraid the cleat will come flying off while the flag is flying . I would suggest a backing plate be used to run the screws into as the thin walled aluminum tubing is not nearly substantial enough to hold the screws . If they could fix that , I would give it 5 stars !
 I bought this for my father for Christmas and he loves it . He barbecues all the time just to use the new tools he got with his new grill .
 i have absolutely loved my Fogger ; got so many complements . it 's so cool to watch ! I would buy it again and do recommend it highly !
 I ordered this patch a week ago and got it today , awesome . I live and work overseas for the military , I do n't normally get the things I order until nearly a month after placing said order . This was a pleasant surprise.I should note though that the product image is incorrect . That 's the Michigan State flag , not Massachusetts , but it was the MA flag I wanted and that 's what was sent . Yay .
 Easy to install and nice to look at . Paired up with tire chains and you get great traction on a light duty lawn tractor .
 Install per instruction 's and all should go well . Did for me . Item received in GOOD shape and installed well.I am VERY happy to see these weight 's ARE made and packaged in the USA.We already have enough Chinese crap in MY country , as it is.Good to see `` Made-in-the-USA '' again !! We NEED more product 's brought back here ...
 Loks just like the picture , only larger , cover 's my entire wall . Good price for a nice flag . GO FALCONS !! I would recommend this to any fan .
 I did what i always do befor i buy something that has a hefty price tag with it . i read reviews , went and looked at different gills in person to get a feel . i finally decided on the webber genesis 310 . i recieved the grill the next week , took me one and half hours to put together and that was b/c i was trying to be quite due to my 16 month old son 's room is above the garage . i finished at 11:30 pm and wanted to start grilling , but i waited till the next day . i love the cast iron cooking grates they do such a nice job holding the heat for what ever your cooking . the grill is solid as can be , very little/no flaire ups which is important if your tring to avoid any carcinogens that happen with flaire ups . no complaints with the grill execpt on the right side where the burner knobs are it takes away from the surface area to put stuff . make sure to get the right cover too the one with the holes in the back not the sides so rain does n't get into the grill , read reviews to find out which webber cover exactly . enjoy grilling.joe
 I ordered this from Grady 's largely due to the positive reviews for this grill cover and the negative ones for the 7553 . It definitely is a quality grill cover made of heavy material to shield my new Weber Genesis 320 from the elements . I think I may have gotten the last one seeing as how it 's listed as `` currently unavailable '' on Amazon 's / Grady 's website . It also does fit fairly snug . Coincidentally , it did rain a day after I put the grill together and the cover did its job of keeping the grill dry thus protecting my investment.I gave it 4 stars instead of five mainly because it is rather pricey . Also , it 's a * grill cover * for goodness sake . It 's hard to get overly excited as we have n't rediscovered the wheel or penicillin.Bottom line ... if you can find this one in a brick and mortar hardware store or online , grab it while you can . If not , you may want to look at the many non-Weber grill covers since the 7553 has gotten so many complaints . The other thing to be careful of is that alot of online merchants use the grill cover model numbers 9885 and 7553 interchangably so I would confirm with a phone call if you can before purchasing .
 I ordered this Weber 9985 to cover my new Genesis EP-310 on Monday and Grady 's Ace shipped it out Tuesday well packaged . Just to be sure , before I ordered I did call to confirm they were selling the 9985 that has the vent in the top back and not the 7553 which has the vents on the sides . They confirmed it was the 9985 and they had purchased several palettes of the 9985 when they found out they were discontinued.The cover fits great and should provide years of service in keeping the grill a little cleaner . The only down side is the price was more than the 7553 but that is supply and demand . Still , it was n't any more than my local Home Depot charges for the 7553 they stock .
 We are very satisfied with this cover . It 's nicely constructed and made of good quality material . Hubby was going to bungee cord the cover to the grill so it would n't blow away in a storm . No need to with the oversized velcro side straps , which give a nice snug fit . Grady 's Ace Hardware processed our order quickly and the cover was received in 2-3 days with standard shipping . Excellent product , excellent seller !
 This cover fits my Genesis E320 perfectly , seems to be of good quality , and looks great . I debated if it was worth spending the money on the Weber specific cover versus the 3rd party but I am glad I did .
 With all the reviews saying people were getting different covers , I just made sure to contact Gradys Hardware first and let them know that I wanted the 9985 . They responded saying that Weber discontinued the 9985 and replaced it with the 7553 , but that they had plenty of 9985 in stock . Ordered , and got the 9985 in 2 days .
 I read the reviews about the vent problems with the 7553 so I ordered this cover from Grady 's Hardware because it said it was the 9985 . When I recieved it , it was the 7553 . I called and they were very helpful about exchanging it for the 9985 . I was a little disappointed about having to take the time and do this instead of having the right one the first time . The material looks great on this cover . It is heavier duty than I was expecting . The vents are just in the wrong place . Very poor design . I look forward to getting the 9985 with the vent in the back . It is definately wise to save some time and call the seller to make sure they will send you the right model cover .
 Fits the Genesis E-320 like a glove ! Heavy and durable . Velcro attachments on left and right in case it gets breezy . Protects from water , dirt , dust . A must have for a great grill .
 This model cover is the best . It has the horizontal vent in the back . Do n't get the newer version model 7553 - the vents on 7553 are on both ends over the side trays and let in lots of water .
 Great quality cover . I received the cover before it was expected so the quality service was excellent and appreciated .
 Like everyone above suggested , give Grady 's a call . I contacted the store via their website and spoke with a very nice lady who confirmed that this is the 9985 cover -LRB- in fact she said that they do n't even carry the 7553 cover - maybe they stopped carrying it ? -RRB- The cover is great , but 4 stars because Grady 's does charge for shipping and it is a little on the slow side -LRB- just basic UPS ground -RRB- . I do n't normally let the company impact my review of the product , but it seems in this case that Grady 's is the only store that actually has the 9985 cover in stock and shipping .
 Very high quality cover that does a great job of protecting my investment -LRB- Genesis E-320 gas grill -RRB- .
 The product was exactly what I was looking for , the vendor was extremely helpful and quick to answer my email info request , the item was shipped promptly and arrived in great shape . What more can you ask for ?
 I ordered through Grady 's and received the 9985 cover . I , too , contacted them to confirm they had the correct one .
 This is the answer for people like me who love quiet summer days without the stench of carbon-producing gasoline in the air , drowning out the smell of the roses . Works perfectly , and gives me a light workout as well ! : - -RRB-
 Love not having to buy gas . Love not having to worry about waking the neighbors , but what a serious workout ! I found it necessary to mow twice a week to keep the grass VERY short all the time . If I waited till the weekend , it was much more work and often had to run the mower over the same spot of grass twice or more to cut evenly . If I mowed twice a week , it was much easier to push and took far less time . I suggest you wear garden gloves while pushing the mower , it is really pretty hard work and easy to develop blisters on your hands from repeated pressure . The mower is well built , reliable and provides a SERIOUS UPPER BODY WORKOUT!I found the grass catcher -LRB- purchased with the mower -RRB- did not work well at all . I suggest you save your $ 20.00 on that part .
 good quality product . good for small plots of grass . good for low growing grasses . can be adjusted from about a half inch to two inch .
 Works great . Seems to be well built . I am a fan and would recommend . Currently using it on fescue , hope to convert to zoysia one day .
 Cuts well . But I was disappointed that the handles are not even -LRB- one is bent upward -RRB- . Heck , for a hundred bucks though you get a workout that makes your lawn look pretty good .
 I purchased this mower from a local retailer to cut my bermuda grass lawn . I do n't want to have to break out the big mower anytime the grass needed mowing , and my neighbors like to play in the pools and have barbecues a lot , so I needed something quieter that I could use even in the early hours of the morning.I think this mower is a little more difficult to push than a regular gas or electric mower , but not much . The main problems with a mower like this are :1 . It does n't work well when the grass has grown tall . You 'll need to mow more often . In return , you 'll have a nice , green lawn .2 . Sometimes you have to go over the same patch of grass twice to get it all . I think this is pretty standard for manual reel mowers , but nevertheless this is why I 'm giving it only 4 stars out of 5.3 . It does n't get the edges very well . You 'll need a weed trimmer more than you would have otherwise . But I use one even with my regular mower , so it does n't matter to me.Contrary to what some sources say , manual reel mowers are fine for dense grasses like bermuda , provided you get the right type . The 7-bladed reel mowers like this one are designed for bermuda and other `` bent '' grasses .
 I have a fairly small lawn -LRB- about 6000sq ft -RRB- of bermuda grass . I used the default factory setting and it wasnt cutting much . I adjusted the height to the lowest possible and my lawn looks a lot better now . Like the previous reviewer said you will need an edger/trimmer .
 I was a little skeptical since a couple of people had a bad experience with a reel mower with their lawns where I live -LRB- Texas -RRB- , but I am just guessing they did n't have the correct mower for their style . This mower works wonders for my small yard with creeping bermuda grass . It is very sharp and cuts very well , we 'll have to see how it holds up over the years , but I have already used it 4 times without a hitch . The yard comes out looking superior to a regular lawn mower that tears instead of cuts , plus I actually think its a lot of fun cutting with a reel mower , since it feels like you 're really accomplishing something as the grass goes flying when you run over it.All in all , I would highly recommend this mower to anyone that has a smallish yard , and has bermuda style grass .
 I bought this mower because we moved to a townhouse with a small yard AND because it is a much greener alternative to gasoline mowers . This mower works exactly as advertised , and exactly as I remember them working when I was a kid . Thick grass -LRB- like big crab grass clumps -RRB- will stop it dead if you do n't put some speed behind your push , and it wo n't cut anything taller than six inches . If you are used to lining up your wheel marks for your next pass , that is different too , because the wheels are outside of your cutting path . These are , in my opinion , fair trade-offs for being able to cut my grass in near silence whenever I want with ZERO emissions and no noise pollution .
 This is a great mower for what it is . It will jam occationally with sticks , but it easily clears . I use it for areas that are too small for my tractor and too big for my string trimmer . I also like the added bonus that I get a small workout when I use it . I highly recoment this mower if you have a small lawn and want to go green and save money or if you have areas that are challenging for a tractor .
 It was a little tricky lowering the cut height , but once I got going the Rebel Weeds down here did n't stand a chance . I used the cross mow method similar to golf course management which requires mowing over the same patch of grass from two different directions . Pebbles and small twigs might as well been boulders and tree trunks though because the precise cutting blades jerked to a halt on each one . -LRB- I 'm sure the neighbors riding around in their Dixie Cutters were amused at the Idiot Yankee . -RRB- A thorough raking before your first use is highly recommended especially those of us living in rural wooded settings . Overall , a blast to use .
 I have a small lawn of bermuda in Dallas , TX , and I have always wanted a reel mower -LRB- despite all the haters out there telling me they 're awful -RRB- . After doing a lot of research , I chose this one , which is specifically intended for low-growing grasses and has a nice price tag . What a great mower ! Assembly took me a while but should be no problem for someone with real tools , instead of a hot pink toy tool set -LRB- yeah , I really need to get real tools -RRB- . My lawn was in terrible condition with the grass grown too high and sticks and leaves everywhere . The only problem that caused was a bit more effort to get through the high patches of grass and stopping to get sticks out of the blades . Otherwise , it was a pleasant hour of mowing ! The mower is nice and quiet , with only a mild twick-twick noise as you walk . It is also easy to push , even for a smallish woman like me . All in all , a great purchase , and I 'd recommend it for anyone who is willing to put in a little effort to have a nice lawn .
 Great mower . Limited on the adjustments for height though . You can not make an on the fly adjustment you have to do it with a wrench . It 's all good though once you have it at the height you want -LRB- mine is on the lowest for Bermuda Tifway -RRB- it cuts supremely clean . The factory adjustment for blade thickness was perfect . Could not be more happy . Cut my lawn to the perfect chipping length and it looks like a putting green . If you are buying to make your own putting green just know without special grass like Tifdwarf grass you probably wont get there . Very , very happy though with this product .
 Easy to assemble , handles/grips stay on no prob when mowing . Adjusted cutting length out of box fine . Works , easy to use , happy with purchase .
 I was looking for a cheaper alternative to my DIY backyard putting green that I am growing bentgrass on . This one works well , cuts to low 1/2 inch and I am planning to modifies the wheels -LRB- sand it down another 1/4 inch -RRB- so I can cut it to 1/4 inch , which would be near perfect for putting greens without me having to buy one of those $ 1000 putting mowers .
 Wow , that 's a lot of one star reviews . LOL . I have been using one of these all summer and it works just fine for me . I bought it at a discount store -LRB- Big Lots -RRB- a while back and really had no need for it until this summer since moving into my new house.I have filled up a swimming pool with it , water my plants with it , wash the porch & sidewalk with it . It will sometimes kink , causing the water to stop , but that 's easy to fix with a flick of the wrist . It rolls up very easily and very quickly if you stretch the hose out long and straight fully before you reel it in . I was looking to buy another one of these to reach more of my plants without having to lug around a normal , heavy hose , which is why I am only now adding this review . I 'm not saying to ignore the other reviews . I may just be one of the lucky few that got an atypically good product , but I thought I 'd share my experience.As others have noted , you do have to unroll the entire hose before using it . However , I just leave it piled there , turn on the water , and then take the end to where I am going , dragging the rest along with me . It takes a coupe seconds to kick out the kinks , then everything is fine . I should add , though , that I have no nozzle on the end of the hose , so the water flows constantly . I will fold the end over for a few seconds to stop the flow , but I avoid doing this for long because the coupler is plastic and I am very wary of blowing it out . Maybe that 's why mine has lasted longer .
 I ordered these in early spring so to report they are now four times bigger than when I received them . They were healthy plants but in small pots so very happy with the results ! Ca n't wait for Spring 2013 !!
 I have one acre lot with 3 dozen oak trees , that needed some serious trimming on the lower branches . The thought of spending 10 's of thousands of dollars for crew and equipment to come in and do the job was not an option I wanted to take . I have a 24 ' ladder that I could reach most branches , but I could n't figure out a safe and easy way to cut them . I needed to at least hold the ladder with one hand and cut with the other . A hand saw would take forever , and my regular chainsaw needs to be gripped with two hands . But thanks to this little saw I was able to trim them myself with one hand . Although , I do n't recommend this to novice DIY'er . I also got an extra battery and with the fast charging , I was able to switch right away to a freshly charged one . I 'm still using the original chain , which is amazing considering all the oak trees I trimmed . It does n't have a chain oil reservoir built in , chain must be oiled directly with the bottle that comes in the case . But considering the weight and compacted body , its still worth the trade off . Just remember to oil the chain at least once , per battery charge . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have been fascinated by these desert plants for a couple years now and finally found the creativity to set up a nice indoor planter with a half dozen or so in it.I ordered these sometime in October , and the temp in the Northeast was unseasonably cold . The delivery driver luckily put the package in my truck instead of leaving it on the porch . And still after this close call i was lazy and left them sitting , bare-rooted , on my dining room table for several days before planting . These plants are much more cold-hardy than i would have thought , and have thrived in the months since transplanting.The planting tips say to water sparingly and they are not kidding , once a month may even be too much in the winter . When they start to get shriveled , it 's almost time to water.Please check out the photo i 've uploaded.I will be buying more of these in the spring or summer , they make EXCELLENT gifts .
 This is the cools ' t lil cactus plant I 've seen As soon as i saw this i had to get it . With out the flower in it they look like little butts tee hee ! XD but i very much enjoy it . i cant wait till it grows more of them and flower bloom on it :-RRB- -RRB-
 I 'm very new to lithrops but read a bit about them before purchasing . I was pleasantly surprised in that I was only expecting one itty bitty plant to come , but instead there are 4 in the pot . And yes , they all have plenty of room and are not crowding each other . They are perfectly healthy and even look like they are getting ready to bloom . Fascinating little things !
 These valves are great , PROVIDING a few other conditions are also present . This is a `` Full-Flow '' Valve , meaning a lot more water passes through this valve than a standard valve . But it means little unless you also have a large diameter hose -LRB- 3/4 '' or larger -RRB- that can provide water at a higher rate , a hose bib -LRB- the faucet you hook the hose to -RRB- that is also over-sized , and water piping of at least 1 '' diameter . Without this other stuff , water flow is inhibited/reduced and the `` Full-Flow '' valve provides little or no benefit.A word of caution
 I used this for one gardening season and found it very effective . It is easy to operate . It is the only shut-off connector I could find that 1 -RRB- does n't contain lead ; and 2 -RRB- allows a full flow of water when it is in the flow position .
 I ordered this product to boil down sap into maple syrup . We tap a few maples and at a 40 to1 ratio weuaually use a pan that firs the stove and boil down abour 40 pints of sap at one ttime to produce one pintof delicious maple syrup . Lots of fun and just what we needed for the job .
 Item as promised . Assembly was easy and packaging quite secure . Delivery was veryfast . I plan to send one to my son to use as a fish fryer .
 This is a great , simple stove . Make sure you read the small print - the regulator and hose is not included !
 It is just what I wanted , and cooks real good . The quality is good and I think it will last a long time .
 Our kitchen , while well stocked , does not have very good over-the-stove ventilation - so whenever I sear meat , make bacon or deep fry anything , our whole house smells like it for a couple of days . I bought a regulator hose from the local Walmart and connected the propane tank from my grill . Now I 'm able to do some seriously messy cooking on our patio or in the garage -LRB- with the door open , of course -RRB- without smelling up the whole house.It 's a very basic setup but that 's what I was looking for . The hardware fit together relatively easily and I did n't feel like the legs were going to fall off although I am considering replacing the bolts , nuts and washers holding the legs on for a little more peace of mind as those provided felt a little less secure than I would like them.My only real complaint is that some of the ports in the burner are clogged from the sand casting process but I think the heat of using the stove is starting to clear them out - the stove still cooks just fine.This thing puts out serious heat - I was able to heat up an iron skillet to about 550F to sear our steaks last night.Overall I 'm very happy with the stove - if anything changes I 'll write an update about it .
 Bought this item for myself at first , once it arrived and I sw how nice and durable it was , I decided to buy another for my parents . nice and sturdy item .
 This is just the right size for our rustic cabin . We built a small rolling cart with a stainless tabletop for it . There 's a shelf on the bottom to hold a 20 pd . propane tank . Also purchased the 5 ' hose to connect it . Very simple design . Really like the look of it . Not just a boxy cooktop like others . It has enough weight to it that it 's not going to slide around .
 At this price I was able to buy extra blades . Its great to extras on hand for that unexpected rock in the field when your mowing .
 I have searched for a solid lid for my patio fire bowl for months ... they are hard to come by and usually pricey too . This lid is a bargain for the money ! It is solid brass and fits nicely on a 24 '' bowl . It will not keep rain from accumulating in the bowl , but it will snuff out a fire and gives the bowl a nice look when not in use.The only complaint I have is the handle -- though I guess some folks might think it is cute -- it is a bird . I have nothing against birds , but it does n't want to tighten down completely so it stays loose . It does still function as a handle for lifting the lid ... but it is loose.All in all , YES , I am satisfied to have finally found a nice lid for my brass fire bowl !
 Eco Labs Fruits and Greens makes our Pond Koi and Goldfish less dependent on algae , which I 'm trying to reduce / eliminate .
 Little ants busily scurried across the kitchen floor , out in the open , under a carpet , and on the pantry floor . I stood above them with the new can of Hot Shot , my shadow darkening their world like a storm cloud . Getting on my knees , I sprayed the ants directly , sprayed under the carpet and sprayed on the pantry floor and areas where I 'd seen the ants . I cackled with glee like Seinfeld 's Newman to see the almost instantaneous death preceded by squiggling insect death throes . The next day a few more ants appeared , but not for long . I sprayed again with the same results.I also sprayed along the sliding glass door track , inside and out , and on the deck floor just outside the kitchen.Since then the kitchen has been mostly ant free . Occasionally I refresh the protection by spraying the sliding glass door track . For sport , armed with my trusty Hot Shot I walk out onto the deck and spray the ants daring to crawl on the deck ledge all along the deck 's edge . I almost never miss shooting from 2 to 6 inches away with a wide , shotgun-like spray . Often the force of the aerosol blast shoots the stunned ants off the deck effecting their midair expirations . I feel no remorse.Finally - This is a good product . It 's effective and considering it 's an insecticide , relatively safe . Even though Hot Shot is fortified with Botanicals , it does n't have a sweet flowery aroma ; that is probably a good thing . One does n't want to inhale insecticide , not even one botanically powered .
 I have used this for years and am very satisfied . Does what it says.Great because you can use it around food etc. . Only product I foundthat can be used safely in kitchen and works
 I have used Hot Shot products for years . They all work GREAT !!! I spray not only my kitchen area but also around pet dishes and around food storage areas . Never have a problem with ants or other bugs .
 I purchased this Hotshot Kitchen spray last year for the 1st time , used it all , and went back to purchase another can this year . It was not to be found in any of our local stores , so I found a can on Amazon.Com . The product is suitable to use in the kitchen , not overly strong in smell , and useful for inside kitchen pest/insects . I am glad that I now have another can of this product . Connie
 I buy a 10 pound bag of seed and 10 lb bag of black oil sunflower seed . I purchased these bags sometime this summer and put them in my kitchen where it is easy to scoop out food . Well , yesterday , I realize I have a moth infestation . I think it 's been building up for a while , but I attributed flying bugs to moths that come in at night with me . Wrong . I 've had bug issues previously and I am careful about keeping food in Snapware plastic containers . It took me several hours to figure out the source of the moths . None of the cupboards had bugs in them . So I started reading reviews at Amazon and headed out to the hardware stores . I came home with some traps and this product . I have three cats and several fish tanks and I could not simply leave the house and fog it . I also realized that if you do n't find the source , you will be fighting a losing battle.My moths like the ceiling and the crack between the ceiling and wall . I sprayed along this spot in kitchen and adjoining rooms where I had seem the most moths . I sprayed inside all my cabinets along the back wall / ceiling . I also sprayed my heating vents in case some moths got in there . I also just sprayed the kitchen kitchen . That was earlier tonight and I have seen just a few moths . Of course I spent time earlier vacuuming and throwing away anything that looked like it moths around it -LRB- grocery store bags mostly -RRB- . I think the spray did a good job . I vacuumed up a lot of moths that had died from the spray and fallen to the floor . I found more moths around the litter boxes and cleaned and sprayed well in this area . I have only seen a couple of live moths and since my cleaning frenzy . I have used about half a can of this spray and it has done it 's job . I 'll be doing more cleaning and expect to see a few more moths . I have killed the live moths , but there may be some eggs that will hatch.So , I feel VERY fortunate that this product worked for me . I suspect that there are many varieties of moths some products work better than others on a given variety . This can of spray was inexpensive and it is definitely worth a try .
 I was surprised that people said it did not do the job . It certainly seemed to do the job to keep out the big black variety of outside roach ! Also it seemed to do a good job because any bug I found was dead.This product does not cause me to break out nor have breathing problems . A GREAT BIG PLUS ! I CAN USE IT MYSELF!Chalk it up to what you will , but I love this product !!!! Others may be more potent , but this one does a decent job and keeps me healthy at the same time!Wishing I Could Find It More Available In Georgia !!!!!!
 Its standard , HotShot works ! I use it regularly to spray on small bugs that creep in on hot summer evenings . Spiders , moths , mosquitoes , roaches etc. .
 I have used many products claiming to kill bugs safely , but this one does what it says it will do . I will ordering another can soon .
 I have a lot of pantry bugs in my new apartment ... as well as some things that * look * like roaches but I do n't think they are since they do squish . I just call them the `` Fastest Bugs Ever '' bugs 'cause the things are rather elusive.I wanted to get some bug killer that was safe in the kitchen for obvious reasons , and I found this stuff . It was a total delight watching the bugs in my kitchen -LRB- there were more than I thought -RRB- go into an absolute panic and be driven from my cupboards , only to meet a quick fate from me spraying them directly with this stuff -- they got into my banana bread , I was feeling vengeful . The smell is chemical , but not strong . If I need to , and I hope I do n't , I will purchase this again !
 This is the best folding chair I have seen . It is light-weight but sturdy , and the color fits perfectly with my decor .
 I needed a tough sturdy chair for the after deck on an Alaskan fishing boat . The chairs we had were broken one by one . This chair is very sturdy . It folds up neatly . It is easy to unfold with one hand -LSB- while the other one is holding a fishing rod with a baited hook on the line -RSB- . I liked this chair so much I bought a bunch of them for other purposes , too . They are comfortable to sit in and use for other purposes like putting your feet up in an adjacent chair.You wo n't go wrong with this chair and it will last more than one summer season , too .
 I ordered these chairs to have on hand when I have extra guests . They work out perfectly as additional seating at my table . They are comfortable , and I love the convenience of storage with their fold up ability .
 I bought this chair because I needed a chair to put in the tub so I could shower sitting down after having foot surgery . This chair was perfect because of how stable it is . I never felt that it would tip over or collapse , even when I had to hoist myself into it without putting my injured foot down . I realize most people would n't use this for the purpose I did , but I think it proves the point that this is a really sturdy chair for any condition . I would definitely buy it for my deck or patio .
 I ordered these chairs for my back yard and they are perfect ! They are easy to set up and are very sturdy.It only took three days for them to come in as well and they are better than anything I could find around here for the price .
 I am very happy with this chair . I ordered three to keep handy on my smallish patio . I am going to keep them folded and ready to go off to the side so that I can keep most of the patio nice and open , but when we have larger groups for dinner , I can quickly make room for everyone . I am back to order the matching table .
 Have been looking for a fourth chair for my patio three chair Bistro Set.This handsome chair fits right in , color , height , etc. . Price is great and chair looks and is very sturdy .
 Received about a week ago . I am working in Afghanistan living on a military base in a conex . Little furniture when I moved in and I wanted to spend small amount as unlikely I can take home to US . I bought this very inexpensive chair to use at my new plywood desk . The chair is a great value . Incredibly comfortable seat and back .
 As a real estate broker , I often need a portable seat for vacant , unfurnished homes I 'm holding open . This chair is perfect - looks decent , it 's comfortable , light weight and easy to throw in the trunk to transport . Also great for sitting on my deck or taking to an outdoor concert or picnic . Great price for a durable chair !
 These chairs are easily set up and easily folded and stored . They are perfectly suitable for comfortable seating for most people . They look nice and take up little space . They are sturdy enough for most situations made of white plastic . They would not be good for very large or heavy people . I purchased them as extra and balcony seating for a small apartment and they are perfect for that purpose .
 I was pleasantly surprised when I got this folding chair . It is very sturdy , and has supported people who weigh well over 300 pounds with no problems . It folds away easily , and compliments the Adams white folding table , which is also an excellent value , and is also very easy to setup and take down . The chair and table combination is very attractive and has exceeded my expectations . It is not luxury furniture , but it very pragmatic and works extremely well for outdoor seating for a cafe , home , picnic , beach , etc. .
 The quality of the flag is better than most I have purchased in the past . The picture is exactly as shown , very lifelike & looks exactly like my Molly . Ca n't wait for spring to put it in the yard . Wish this was available as full size flag .
 Excellent product . Works exactly as described . I have been using these for years and just ordered another set . I will continue to use these . They clean the grill to like new condition .
 This accessory is desgined to be used with the telescoping pressure washer pole . It comes with the standard 1/4 '' quick-disconnect couplers - a male on one end and a female on the other end . NOTE
 I was looking to create a natural privacy screen from our neighbors and this hook was perfect to hang large ferns . They have been through two long seasons and are still good . I had to put a little WD-40 to loosen one part up but this it to be expected . Heavy duty and perfect for what I needed .
 About 8 years ago I purchased one of these in a local garden center.Built a bracket for it on my shed.It was a wrought iron hanger with no finish . Two years ago I started looking for a nother one w / no luck.Then I found this one.When I recieved it , it was perfect.The finish , the quality even the bracket is stronger then my first one . I think I want another one to replace my old one .
 Great sturdy hanger . The hook can be turned any way within the clamp . Therefore , it works great if you would rather have the feeder hanging over the edge of the deck . No mess on the deck floor .
 I have a topsy turvy tomato plant that must be hung . I did n't realize how heavy the plant would be even before the tomatoes have come in . The hookery is strong and more importantly adjustable to lend even more support to the heavy plant . Its attractive too and we just love it and could n't recommend it enough . The only issue I had in purchasing it is that the shipping cost more than the hanger . Eventually I just broke down and bought it anyway and love it !
 The design of this is very cool . It 's fun to just have around to look at , but it really does n't turn in low wind speeds . The concept is better than the actual toy . Still , it 's pretty great .
 I bought this for my 9-year old son 's science fair project . Although it 's recommended for older children , he had no problem putting it together . I would recommend an adult cutting out the plastic fan blades . It works very well .
 I was hunting in a certain area and pulled over 2 dozen ticks -LRB- wood & deer -RRB- off me in two days ! After applying this stuff to my gear & clothes I went back to the same spot and was completely tick free when I left the woods ! I also had a deer within 20 yards so the `` odorless '' means odorless !! Just picked up 3 more cans !
 Both my wife and child have gotten Lyme -LRB- here in central Massachusetts -RRB- . . They almost never go anywhere except from the house to the car . I do all the yard work , I spray this on my pants and cloths . . no problems yet . I was recommended by a bird banner my mom talked to up in Maine who spends almost everyday in the woods . She said she only has to put it on her cloths every few weeks , it can go thought the wash a time or two and still not have to respray .
 We have used this stuff for 15 years now . It is the absolute best stuff you can get and the very light smell it has goes away very very quickly . Nothign else on the market can come close to this stuff
 This product worked like they said it would . It was used were ticks were present and before using this product many ticks ere found on my clothes and after using the product no ticks were found .
 I am AMAZED that FINALLY there is a product that actually WORKS ! I 've used that Deep Woods Off stuff , drenching myself with it each and every time I go into the woods , in one day and still got ticks on me . I use this stuff ONCE , I turn my pant cuffs inside out and spray & then spray on the outside , it last all day so I only spray ONCE a day and NEVER a tick on me ! I 'm sold ! I will NEVER buy anything other than this stuff .
 I live in Florida and I get out for hikes in the woods as often as I can . I have been using Duranon for a long time , and believe I can give a fair review.You need to read the directions which are printed on the can . Use Duranon as directed , by spraying on the outside of your hiking clothes . Treat all of your outerwear , including shirts , jacket , pants , and also your socks . If you expect to be peeling off layers of clothes , spray the outsides of any layers that will be exposed . You can also use it to treat your hat , but you need to fill the crown of the hat with rags or paper , and put masking tape over the sweatband before you spray the underside . Let everthing dry completely -LRB- at least overnight -RRB- before wearing.Duranon repels ticks and other crawling bugs , and there also seems to be a &#34; halo effect &#34; such that flying insects are disinclined to land on you . This is especially true if you wear a broad-brimmed hat treated with the spray . I do n't think any repellant is 100 % proof against insects , and you need to use some common sense when you are in the great outdoors , but this product works better than anything else I know of . I recently spent a week in Costa Rica , and did a lot of hiking . I did not use any insect repellant , other than the Duranon sprayed on my clothes , and received exactly one fly bite on the whole trip.The label on the can says one treatment will last six weeks or through six launderings , which I think is a little optimisitic . I do believe it is effective for at least three weeks , and will remain effective through at least a couple of launderings . If you are planning a camping or hiking trip , spray everything well ahead of time so it will be good and dry before you pack your clothes . I have used it on bright and neutral-colored cotton , cotton/synthetic blends , and a synthetic fleece jacket and have not seen any staining or damage . I have not tried it on rain gear , but can think of no reason to do so . I have never sprayed it on a tent , so ca n't comment on any effect it might have on nylon or water-repellant fabrics . It does leave a slightly musty odor on your clothes , which is not offensive , but faintly present . I have not experienced any sort of adverse reaction when wearing clothes treated with Duranon , but I take pains to use it as directed . I have found that Duranon has a shelf life , and believe it is a good idea to discard and replace any that is more than a year or so old . It still works , but not as well , with a gradual deterioration in effectiveness as time elapses.I do n't like slathering chemicals on my skin . I have found that Duranon , sprayed on the outside of your clothes , is an excellent alternative . If you treat your clothes with it and use some common sense while in the woods , bug problems can be reduced significantly .
 For someone who has suffered through -LRB- if you ever really do -RRB- Lyme disease - this product has kept the ticks at bay !
 Got a few nut trees in the yard ? Buy this tool , you 'll never regret it.For a real testament to how well it works , see Granddad 's pecan harvest in my Customer Images .
 Purchased an old one at a yard sale . Liked it so much I wanted one with all the parts . Use it for picking up sweet gum balls .
 My order of the Griffith Nut Gatherer arrived in a few days after being ordered . I have a small chestnut orchard and I wanted to use this device to gather the chestnuts off the ground . Overall it worked well , especially on nuts that were larger and rounder in shape . It did not work well on the flatter-shaped chestnuts or in areas where the grass was a bit long . Nevertheless , it is a useful tool and relatively inexpensive .
 This tool really works ! I have two pecan trees and had never had them in my other homes . When they ripened and fell to the ground I was delighted and started to gather them up . In no time , my back and legs hurt . Even when I bought a rake and pushed them into leafy piles , I still had to bend over . Finally I went to Amazon and found nut gatherers . This one was the least expensive and appeared simple enough for me . It works wonderfully .
 Great tool , nuts stay in better than other models I have had and come out easy . Like it so well I bought two .
 Just as described and MADE IN AMERICA !!!!!! Love it : -RRB- Outstanding and just what I needed to get the job done ...
 Does just as it say . I will enjoy many years of use with this product . Great buy and good quality .
 This thing is a real back saver ! I have picked up thousands of pecans with it , and it still looks and works like new !
 Excellent ! Exactly what our sore backs required . We 've been picking up pecans for 25 years by hand by the bushels .
 The Griffin Co. makes an excellent nut gatherer . I have had problems with `` made in China '' gatherers , I am happy to have found this one made in the USA !
 great for past time . beat those back breaking days of bending over and those super market prices , as well as those knees of those who ca n't bend over . makes great fun for kids spending time with grandparents , so buy one for yourself , do n't miss out on the fun .
 I have several pecan trees . I 've had one of these perhaps fifteen years . After five years , one of the wires broke from fatigue . The only nut picker I saw for sale locally was the H&K. ; I found it cumbersome . I fixed my Griffith picker with a piece of springy wire.Eventually , I came to favor the H&K ; because husks are less likely to cause trouble . Otherwise , the Griffith seems quicker and less demanding .
 Am pleased with how quickly I received the product . I also am somewhat pleased with the picker.Sometimes , when I least expect it -- it opens up and dumps the pecans out on the ground .
 This makes it so much easier to pick up pecans . I have a bad back and bending over was painful .
 this works great , it makes pecan picking addicting and will all our harvest this thing already paid for itself over and over again . . will order this again next pecan season : -RRB-
 I am very impressed with the performance of this handy tool . Picks up nuts in some very difficult spots and does far better than the slinky type at filtering out leaves and twigs . A very reliable tool . I 'd buy another in a second if I need it .
 This company and product is great resendig this item after I gave them the wrong street address Thanks againP.Michael Venturini
 I ordered two of these for my Mom , an avid pecan collector in the fall . The head and pole are shipped disassembled . You merely thread the head on the pole . One was fine . The other would not thread . The hole in the cap on the pole was off center from the threaded nut beneath . I sized a drill bit and drilled the hole larger . Fixed . These are the Bomb-Diggity and makes picking up pecans much less work .
 The PG-1 will gather some pecans . Each pecan -LRB- or 2 , if you 're lucky -RRB- requires a little poke . Maybe not the thing if you have a lot of trees to gather , but it sure beats bending over or getting down on the ground to do it . It picks up surprisingly well , much better than I imagined . For my height , the handle seemed a little short .
 THE RAY GRIFFITH CO. . NUT GATHERER IS , BY FAR , THE BEST I HAVE EVER USED . WE HAVE OVER 90 NATIVE PECAN TREES AND THE NUTS COME IN ALL SIZES AND SHAPES . THIS TOOL GETS THEM ALL . IT WORKS WELL ON ACORNS TOO . BESIDES , IT IS MADE IN THE USA .
 My mother-in-law asked me to purchase something to help her pick-up the gumballs that drop from the many trees in her yard . She said this worked liked a charm and she received in about 3 days ! Happy Mother-in-law ; I could n't ask for more !
 This is a truly amazing product . I highly recommend it to anyone with a lot of pecans to pick up .
 This is a handsome addition to our seaside `` pavilion '' outside Seattle . Here the weather cools down quickly as the sun sets , but this well-constructed unit allows us to enjoy the evening in comfort .
 Repaired the garden hose easily . No leaks.More durable and easier to handle than some larger plastic couplers . I could wish for an easier grip ; but this works .
 These are great for staking 3 or 4-foot plants , such as tomatoes . I could n't garden without them ! They add strength to any upright plant .
 I love to use these in the garden . Should have bought more as they will be needed when the seedlings get bigger .
 I looked and looked for some affordable stakes because I needed lots . These work just right . In fact , I ordered more !
 I bought this set of tools about two months ago , to replace my worn out set . When I took them out of the box , the first thing I noticed was that they look very nice , and , are nice and substantial feeling . I 've used the tools to help cook hamburgers , hot dogs , whole chickens , pork chops , steaks , potatoes , and , corn . The tongs easily flip a small whole chicken , and yet can handle delicate work , like hot dogs , without batting an eyelash . The spatula is great for almost anything that needs to be flipped , including burgers , pork chops , and small steaks . I do n't use a fork much for grilling , however , I have used this fork to help flip large chickens from the inside , and , as a result of the strong construction , can hold the chicken just with the fork as the grease drains . All in all , this is a great set of tools . I 'm looking forward to using this set on my next grilled turkey , as it should make it significantly easier with good , strong tools . If you are a person who does a lot of grilling , this set is a wonderful choice !
 You should offer a small pot holder that would slide over the handle . The handle gets pretty hot . But other wise its very good . You can turn the kabobs over and grill on 4 sides without the kabobs turning like it does on the wooden sticks . Also you can cook the slow cooking food first , then add the fast cooking food to the basket . Then all the food would done at the same time .
 I actually bought these as a present for my mother and she uses them primarily to prepare vegetables on the BBQ . You 'd be surprised how much they will hold and hey are perfect for preparing entries to the main dish . These will hold a lot more food than a skewer will . Two of them are more than enough to prepare enough veggies for 2-3 people I 'd say and they really do clean up fairly easily as well . They are solid steel as well and should last a long time .
 These are the greatest thing since sliced bread ! My father refused to barbque without them !
 When they say `` oversized '' they are n't kidding . I bought this spatula because for years I hav been flipping half pound burgers on my grill only to have them break because the spatula head was too narrow . Also it is annoying trying to reach burgers in the back corner of my bottom rack with a short spatula , only to burn my knuckles on the top rack.This spatula is big . I suppose if you are into small sized burgers you could flip two at a time , but I do n't cook small . I have enjoyed this spatula since the first time I used it . The angle of the handle is not too steep . This allows you to reach over food without worrying about banging the handle on upper grates.This spatula also looks nice . The rosewood stain is very appealing . I ca n't imagine grilling without this .
 Great shipper , fast shipper and great item . It makes barbequeing and grilling easier and safer . The basket is easy to use and clean . I may buy a third one .
 This is just what we have been looking for to cook the fresh Tuna steaks and Mahai mahai we caught off Hatteras NC . We have a porcelian cooker with holes in it but when you turn the fish over , it strips the outside off . This will be just the thing !
 We 've discovered the joy of cooking frozen french fries on the BBQ ! Simply spray the wok with non-stick cooking spray -LRB- probably not required - but it ca n't hurt -RRB- and then load it full of frozen french fries -LRB- we 've found that the Ore-Ida Steak Fries are our favourite -RRB- . Put the wok over the lowest heat available and place the lid down on the BBQ.Use a spatula to turn the fries every couple of minutes . It should take about the same amount of time that it normally takes in the oven . If you like crunchier fries , place them over a higher heat toward the end of cooking -LRB- just make sure you watch them so they do n't burn -RRB- . Also , you might try seasoning them with a seasoning salt -LRB- like Johnny 's -RRB- during the cooking process.This is an absolutely great -LRB- and traditional -RRB- side dish for hamburgers and hot dogs.We 've also used the wok to cook asparagus , zucchini and summer squash . It tastes great if you marinate the vegtables in a bottled italian dressing -LRB- we use Bernsteins -RRB- for about a half hour before putting them on the grill .
 While vacationing at a friends house , they had this wok . I was amazed at all the things they used it for . I went home and started searching for one . I love mine . I love grilling shrimp in this , or summer veggies -LRB- Squash , zucchini , onions and peppers -RRB- Really anything that you would consider too small to grill goes great in this basket . I would n't trade mine for the world .
 i think i 'm the first reviewer on this wonderful item , but it wo n't be long before 5 star reviews cover this page ! i 've used the hamburger basket for almost a year now , and still love it . it 's made for grilling up to four burgers , but you can also use it for 2-3 steaks , chops etc. if a flare up occurs you can simply lift your burgers or steaks off the fire all at once!they say not to put all your eggs in one basket , but putting all your meat in one basket is the only way to go !! it really should be included in any griller 's accessary kit.an easy 5 stars !!!
 This is my second one . It is a great product . Nothing slips through , it is a perfect size , and it is easy to clean because nothing sticks to it . No serious griller should be without it . Great for veggies , fish , etc. ...
 The product description indicated `` Personalization Our personalized accents have a nameplate with a bronzed finish where names and dates are engraved '' . There was nothing included that in any way resembled a nameplate .
 This chimney is pretty good , and it will start your charcolal and get it ready for cooking in about 15 minutes.My charcoal gets going perfectly , and does n't ruin the flavor of my food with that noxious fluid . You just put newspaper in the bottom and charcoal on the top , and let physics do the rest.This is the model of chimney starter that I own , and it is pretty good . I like the heat sheild near the handle , it makes it it easier to hold when full of white hot coals.On the minus side , I wish I had one with a larger charcoal capacity . If you are going to use a smoker , like me , you might want to look at the Weber model , it has a much larger charcoal capacity . Also , do n't keep this outside in the rain , mine rusted after only 1 weekend where I carelessly left it outside .
 This is great for outdoor cooking ; especially , in camping grounds . No more getting your hands dirty , trying to stack up charcoles.Definately , worth your money .
 The basket is good for grilling but it is difficult getting the tongs into the grooves in the basket , particularly when one is standing over an open flame .
 This basket worked well for cooking some shrimp and vegetables together ... I like it ... it 's useful . And the fact that you can close the grill -LRB- by removing the handle -RRB- is great too .
 I love to grill fish on my Weber gas grill . The only problem is that all of the grilling baskets have these long handles on them so that you can not close the grill cover . Or , if you can close the cover the handle gets too hot to touch without mits on . This is finally what I have been searching all of Houston for . I hope it comes in soon so that I can start grilling fish again .
 I used to try to add smoke flavor when grilling by building a little boat out of aluminum foil , dumping soaked woodchips on it , and putting it in the middle of my coals.This gadget allows me to generate a lot more smoke for better flavors , and it 's easier and faster to use . You can dump a lot more wood into this thing than with some improvised device , and it 's easy to clean out . The size is just right for my small Hasty-Bake griller.I feel silly for having fumbled with foil for so long !
 I received the Grill Brush as a gift . We barbeque 12 months a year - in rain , snow and sunshine . My grill gets a workout . Most brushes I have used have either melted down after prolonged use , or the handles could not withstand the pressure while cleaning . This brush removes the grime and takes a beating . This brush is well worth the investment to have a clean grill each time you begin to cook a masterpiece !
 These charcoals make great snacks when you are about to eat a main coarse meal and they come in 3 great flavors ranging from mesquite , hickory and porcupine . They all smell great too , I would recommend them for any day of the week or as a substitute for potpourri in the bathroom .
 These chips provide exactly what you desire ... smoke , and lots of it . I ca n't say that I discerned any flavor characteristics of apple , but I was more interested in the smoke flavor component anyhow . If you are doing a little grilling and want to add the flavor of barbecue smoking , these chips will do you right .
 I purchased all of the smoker chip flavors . All of them except the hickory were worth it .
 Great shiipper , fast shipper and great item . These chips are easy to prepare and burn evenly while cooking . I wll buy them again .
 I feed my fish Microbe Lift wheat germ all through the spring , summer , and fall . They love it and they have grown tremendously . I feed them twice a day and several have quadrupelled in length .
 This is our fifth year with Microbe Lift Cold Weather food . We have 16 Koi and care for them like family . We wo n't use any but ECO Labs products for our fish . We wo n't take chances with our investment .
 Got a pair of these for our beach vacation . Thye collapse into a small footprint , and I was able to stack them so they took up even less room . Well made and solid frame . We used large beach umbrellas and never really used the ones that came with the chairs , but they were innocuous enough and really easy to attach or take off . These are built much better than previous chairs we 've had . These should last you for a number of years .
 If you 've never had the pleasure of grilling with mesquite , this is the product for you . As an introduction to the joys of the Texas border wood , this charcoal companion will make a profound difference in the flavor of your favorite meats and vegetables.But for enthusiasts of mesquite , this will be a frustrating approach . If you really start to appreciate the flavor of mesquite , eventually you 'll want to take the trouble to find a supplier of cut chords of mesquite to cook solely with that long-burning wood . Mixing with charcoal may well be more economical , but it imparts a ` confused ' flavor to food which , while still tasty , is nowhere near as powerful as cooking on mesquite alone .
 my brother in law used this and it did make a difference . i have to try it for sure !
 Soak the chips before adding them to the charcoal and close the lid of your BBQ . You will definetly taste the difference .
 These are nice , sturdy iron tables . We purchased four of them for our newly-landscaped backyard . For family dinners we put them together to form a nice long table that easily seats 12 . We can also scatter them around individually for casual get-togethers . The only thing we do n't like about these tables is that they are labeled as `` folding '' and that 's just not true . Unless you consider your dining room table a `` folding '' table because you could remove the legs if you really wanted to , these are not folding tables . The legs are bolted on and have to be un-bolted in order to separate them from the top of the table for storage.For us that means we put them all together in the spring , and disassemble them all in late fall . Not exactly what we had in mind when we purchased them , but it works.They really are nice looking , fairly sturdy , and offer a lot of flexibility in arrangement .
 If you 've tried every spray that exist and are tired of burning torches and other candles , this is surprising effective . Seriously . The initial oder is a little strong but subsides after one day . I live in central Texas -LRB- mosquito heaven -RRB- and this product was still working even after we had a number of rain storms during this summer .
 I was definitely very dubious , but this really seems to be working . We have 4 kids , and lots of family over , and I spread it around the places that we frequent in the yard -LRB- pool -RRB- along the perimeter , and we have had about 3 mosquito bites in 3 weeks . Total ! Usually it is about 30 bites/person in SOuth Carolina , but not so far !!! I am defintely recommending ths product !
 sprinkle as directed and the mosquitoes are repelled . We did n't notice any odor and I do n't know how this vendor ships ; but , the product is good . And we live right on a lake in Florida , which is a real test of product .
 I love this product . Sure , the smell is n't the best , but it mellows out in a couple of days , and keeps the pests at bay . I live in a swamp , so I am pretty impressed .
 Excellent stuff for use as dry sprinkle on the porches for keeping mosquitos away . It was useless against the onslaught of flies , and most other bugs , and I PAINfully found out wasps do NOT like this stuff . I tolerate wasps if they are well behaved , because they eat mosquitos . I got stung the other day because they did not like this product . I was refreshing my front porch with the product and the wasps went nutz.NOTE
 There is a small pond -LRB- maybe 25 ' across -RRB- about 100 ' from our back deck . In the evenings , mosquitos took control , chasing us inside . Tossing a few handfuls of these granules out onto the pond does the trick . According to the literature , they are not poisonous to other animals . My only worry is how I am affecting the ecosystem in the pond . I love the frogs . Do frogs eat mosquito larvae ? If so , am I starving the frogs ? I do n't know .
 This is a good quick wat to repel mosquito 's from living spaces in the yard . Also good to prevent larvae breeding in free standing water sources like yard ponds , birdbaths an other water features .
 It seems to work slightly better than anything I 've tried -LRB- EcoSmart 32oz . Mosquito & Tick Control and Terro -LSB- see my reviews -RSB- -RRB- . Dr. T 's covers approximately 3,000 - 4,000 sq. ft. , net wt . 5 lbs . None of the products last as long as stated or covers the area as stated.Active ingredients - Lemon Grass Oil 1.12 % , Garlic Oil 0.40 % , Peppermint Oil 0.08 % . Inert ingredients - Fuller 's Earth.There is a garlic smell . It does n't bother me . -LRB- Hey , garlic repels vampires ... which is very helpful . -RRB- How to use Dr. T 's - shake out the product on your lawn & around your plants at least the day before your outdoor event . Wait until the morning dew has dried and no rain forecast for the day . Rain reduces the effectiveness of these types of products . The 1st time I used Dr. T 's , it lasted about a week -LRB- no mosquitoes -RRB- with rainy afternoons ; then , the monsters were back in hordes . The second time , Dr. T 's lasted a few days.If you have standing water -LRB- bird baths , rain barrels , your next door neighbor does n't keep their fountain cleaned out , etc. -RRB- , try the Mosquito Dunks product . It works . It is safe for plant water & animals -LRB- not for human drinking water -RRB- .
 This is the second year we have used this product . It does seem to help to minimize the number of Mosquitos flying around our patio , and feasting on us . We also use a citronella candle and the combination really . Does make a difference . The pellets on their own does work pretty well for us thugh .
 I use this every year before our annual get togethers . I sprinkle around the yard about 2 days before the event to allow the smell to dissipate . The smell is not bad , it mostly smells like garlic . I like the fact that there are no dangerous chemicals to worry about with pets and children . I think it really helps keep the bugs away and bites are virtually un-heard of during my yard parties .
 I 've used Dr. T 's in the past , with success . Texas mosquitos are out in force this year and I hope this will -LRB- again -RRB- repel these . I recommend this product .
 I first purchased this product in 2011 . We had used it a few times with great success , but the real proof that it works came with our annual 4th of July party in 2011 . We had about 15 people in our yard from about noon until 2am and not one person got a mosquito bite that day . A huge plus for us is it is very safe for pets and children . It contains natural mosquito repellant ingredients such as lemon grass oil , garlic oil , and peppermint oil . We sprinkled it in both our front and back yards just as people began to arrive . The instructions say the product will begin to work about one hour after application . The only word of caution I would give to anyone is you will smell a slight garlic smell once it begins to work , however it did not bother me or any of our guests at all . Everyone was quite happy to go home with no mosquito bites . It is far better than spraying yourself with chemicals that other mosquito repellants use and I find this far more effective in preventing mosquito bites .
 I was a little skeptical on if this would work or not because the reviews seemed to go both ways.I am VERY happy to say that this product worked FANTASTIC ! We have a horrible problem with mosquitoes ... to the point that I could n't work outside in the yard if it was dusk - they 'd swarm my legs and arms and I 'd have bites ALL OVER me!We had our wedding in our backyard last summer , and I was extremely worried our guests would be driven away by the mosquitoes , and rather than spraying a bunch of chemicals I wanted to see if there was something else that might work.I tried the granules first on the front lawn because my flowerbed had a major mosquito problem ... I applied at night , went back the next day and NO mosquitoes whatsoever . The results lasted for about 3 weeks before I saw any mosquitoes again . Put this on our backyard a couple days before the wedding , and I 'm happy to say that our guests commented how our incredible it was that our yard was `` bug free ! '' : -RRB- Very happy with this product , and WILL definitely purchase again and again - Highly recommend it !
 I have used Dr. T 's for the past 3 years and have been amazed at how well it works . It does n't smell too good initially , but the smell goes away within a few hours . I have tried another brand which smells better but does n't seem to work as well . One 5 pd . bottle lasts me all summer , but my yard is small .
 We love this product and it works great for us . Just wish I could find it in stores.I would add that maybe the folks with the negative reviews either did n't use enough of the product per square yard or possibly have such a great source of the mosquitos -LRB- marsh or pond -RRB- -RRB- it would be tough for anything short of getting them at the source to eliminate them .
 This product works great ! I 've used other products and this is by far , the best I have used for keeping mosquitos away . I would recommend using a spreader over using the cap on the bottle . For the price , you ca n't beat it !
 I used this product during a year we had a lot more mosquitos than usual and it did make a difference . I like the fact that it will not harm birds . I did put it on my mothers virginia creeper because it was inundated with white flies and it worked for that but put the plant into shock . Fourtunately , it came back the next spring though .
 I have used these many times and truly enjoy using the product . Be sure to soak in water before using ... they may also be washed after and re-used .
 Ever BBQ scallops or shrimp and have them spin on the skewer ? I bought these double pronged skewers at a local hardware store for years , but they stopped carrying them . Thank goodness I was able to find them at Amazon . They 're bamboo , and as long as you do n't burn them , they can be reused several times .
 Using the double prong bamboo kabob skewers makes grilling kabobs so much easier . Food stays in place , no spinning around the skewer . These skewers look much more elegant than the single skinny skewers .
 I would not recommend to grill with or cook with unless you expect to only use them once , but when used as appetizer holders , they look great for presentation on a table with appetizers in them .
 the design is fabulous . but they are single use items . if done in stainless steel the would be reusable and more enviromentally friendly . they worked just great , though .
 The design of the chair is beautiful , is not like most common garden furniture soooooooooo ordinary , it is classic and comfortable , and we bought 4 of them and with the matching round table .
 I am thrilled with this purchase . I had initially ordered 4 chairs and the companion dining table . Upon its delivery , I went back and ordered another pair of chairs . They are very comfortable , generously proportioned , their overall styling very beautiful to the eye . I have subsequently received many compliments on this set . I just wish they sold a larger matching table.I plan on ordering the companion loveseat .
 I bought 2 sets of these chairs and the matching table . I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived . They are quite substantial , without being heavy and their appearance is quite nice . The chairs came with no assembly and the table was very easy to put together with the provided allen wrench . The feet on the chairs are adjustable so that you can get rid of the iritation of off-balanced legs . Overall this was an incredible value at approximately $ 650 for the set . I was so impressed by the quality and price that I have since ordered the matching bench .
 Love the chairs . . Nice looking and solid . . Wo n't blow across a deck in a windstorm . Really like the molded/braided seat area so you do not need to use the seat pad all the time . . I live in Seattle area so with all the rain would like not to keep the seat pads on the chairs so feel this is also an added feature .
 I paid $ 200 and free shipping for two chairsthey look like they are worth at least twice that amountglad I ordered them
 Worth more than the price tag . Beautiful and elegant . You will be very pleased .
 This is great furniture folks.Many times I have thought that Amazon hired people to rave in these reviews but I can not say enough about how nice this furniture is!I bought 4 chairs , the settee , and b/c they do n't have a side table in the Bainbridge pattern I bought the Shaw table with the ice pit.I have recommended these to everyone , lol , the price has gone up $ 10 every week for the past 2 weeks ... get em while their hot .
 These are just as good as I hoped . No self assembly required & very comfortable . Recommended !
 We are delighted with our new chairs and table . The products were well-packed and came in excellent condition . The chairs are sturdy , ample and comfortable even without the cushions . The cushions that come with are very nice , but too thick for my liking . The chairs have an additional feature of leveling pads on the bottom of each leg that can be screwed in or out to accommodate uneven surfaces . The table is big enough for a full dinner for four , but small enough to still feel intimate . We now spend a lot more time on our patio !
 As an Interior Designer I was very pleased with the quality of these patio chairs . I liked everything about them , even the cushions were thick and comfy enough for even the heaviest of my guests . I have other Sunbrella cushions that are way to thin to be comfortable throughout a meal - these cushions let you sit and eat for hours !
 We are well pleased with the chairs and matching table . However , quality control apparently slipped as one of the chair legs was damaged prior to shipping -LRB- apparently from China , where else ? -RRB- as there was no damage to the shipping containers . However , Amazon was prompt in sending a replacement .
 I love these chairs . I bought the matching bench last year and was very pleased with that . BUT , one of the chairs was delivered with a crack in it . Rather than having to pack it up and return it , I put some glue in the crack and hoping that will prevent it from spreading . Time will tell .
 The chairs and cusions look great with the strathwood table and chaise lounges and are comfortable . Our first set delivered by UPS came broken , so they had to be sent back and replaced which took about 5 weeks from start to finish , ordered on 6/23/07 , delivered today 7/29/07 . The new shipping company -LRB- EGL -RRB- was useing a wrong contact number and I left numerous messages to correct and got Amazon involved several times . Be sure you have a number on your profile that can reach you at anytime - like a cell phone ! They did however make a trip out on a Sunday to get them to me , because I was getting totally exasperated !
 I like the size of these chairs ... a bit more substantial than Home Depot 's Verrado series that I was also looking at . The color is much darker than the photos ... a dark grey with copper streaks on it as if a penny was rubbed against the surface . They look classy .
 I bought 4 chairs with the matching table and I absolutely love the set ! The chairs were fully assembled when they came in some good packing so they were perfect when they arrived . They also came with some touchup paint so if you scratch it at all you are still good to go .
 These are really nice chairs . The seats stay dry even right after a rain . they have a nice look and are comfortable . They are worth the sale price I paid but not the price that was supposed to be the original one .
 We ordered 6 of these chairs and they all arrived in perfect condition in 2 days . No customer returns , broken legs , etc as stated in other reviews . These chairs have thick nice cushions and the frames have some weight to them . My only complaint is that the velcro on the chair seats are not very `` sticky '' . I may just replace the velcro myself , because when they come unvelcro-ed the cushions can shift a little.We purchased them at $ 61 for 2 plus $ 50 shipping and these look and feel way more expensive . I think as a dining chair they could be a little awkward to slide/shift as they are a heavier chair than the Ryer modelStrathwood Ryer Collection -LRB- we have 2 of those -RRB- , but we are using them in seating areas.Overall , a good chair and a good deal for us especially with the speedy shipping . The matching Bainbridge table is n't currently available but the Ryer tableStrathwood Ryer 48-Inch Round Aluminum Dining Tabledoes complement this finish well.We were hesitant because of a couple of the reviews , but you should not .
 Over the past year I 've bought three sets of these chairs along with one ' 2 person ' bench . I love the way they look and they are sooooo comfortable but I have to agree with almost all of the other reviewers ... the front legs look like they are about to fall off , buckle under , or crack . I am very heavy so I only use the couple of chairs whose legs are straight and look sturdy since I fear the ones with legs that look crocked will break underneath me . And though I personally find them to be very comfortable , I 've had many friends and relatives tell me they HATE sitting in them . I have short legs and I like to sit with my back really straight and supported so maybe the others were too tall or like slouching in chairs but these do not allow that . I especially like the ` seat ' size which is nice and wide too . When I bought mine , I paid $ 112 . / pair with free shipping so todays sale of $ 78 . is great BUT it now costs $ 50 for shipping of ` each ' pair ... not as good a deal any more . And there are no longer any companion pieces to this collection unless Amazon decides to restock their inventory so I ca n't buy a couple tables or benches to match any more . And I am almost afraid to order any more of these chairs for fear that I 'll end up getting one of the returned damaged ones . It 's a conundrum ! I 'd say buy this item but you 'll only end up with the left overs too so I can not in all honesty tell you that .
 We got these for our 4 ' * 6 ' front porch and they are much better looking then your basic bench that most people have put on thiers . The cushion is very thick and comfortable and I love the color of the metal . It 's kind of a dark brown with copper showing through some destressed areas . Due to the metal back , I would say that it is n't a comfortable everyday chair to use for outside dining , but definately a nice decorative accent or extra seating for those occasional times you need it .
 I received my potted plant within 3 days of ordering it ! Although I was not satisfied with what I received , Hirt 's did not hesitate to reimburse me when I let them know what I received as opposed to what was described . I believe Hirt 's stands behind what they sell in a heartbeat !
 This is our 5th season of breeding and growing Koi . With the time and investment involved in our passion for colorful and healthy Koi , this is by far the best product we 've found . We tell everyone that this is the only manufactured product you need for healthier beautiful fish .
 Been using this food for Koi pond and the fish are doing well , and have grown alot ? They seem very healthy .
 Great acceptance by the fish and super for the small as well as the large . Colors are more vibrant and the Koi and Sarasos both eagerly clean it up as soon as it hits the water , even the small ones .
 This cooler is great and very functional . my kids love to sit on the stools and use the table while being able to get their own juice boxes or water bottles out of the cooler . Very portable too .
 This is a beautifully made bench with a nice cushion . Very sturdy , pretty and comfortable as well !
 Great Quality Bench , Half the price that my local Patio shops are asking for the very same Furniture.Delivery was a bit of work , but when I did get it , everything was fine .
 I sent this to my in-laws foy Christmas and they LOVED it !! They recently added a backyard garden and they are thrilled to have it and love how it looks . I am told it is quite comfortable as well !
 I thought the bench was a very good buy for the money . It fits perfectly on a small area of our deck .
 I needed a nice bench for the entry but did n't want to settle for the same old bench like everyone else has so I stumbled upon this one and I love it !!!! It 's well made and the cushion is very plush ! The colors are perfect ! Love it ! If you are looking for a nice and classy bench , this is it !
 I just received the bench and so far am happy with the purchase . It came well packaged and the product seems very sturdy . The metal has an aged look , but the color looks more black than dark brown , and it is very comfortable . It is not a heavy bench -LRB- aluminum -RRB- so put it somewhere somewhat protected so it ca n't blow around -LRB- we placed it by the front door -RRB- .
 loved the bench , better than shown , cushion included . good delivery , and no assembly .
 I read the review before I made the purchase . I was afraid that my wife wo n't like it but it turned out that my wife like this elegan garden bench too . This is the very few item I could remember that my wife like as she always thought that I spent money on useless junk and inventory for garage sale . Thanks to Amazon 's special promotion -LRB- I bought it for around $ 120 -RRB- to gain me some credit from my wife .
 Prompt delivery , packaged well , and the best part no assembly required . The finish is a brown tone cast aluminum . It 's very well made . It looks terrific with my matching fire pit table.At some point I want to get the matching chairs . Beautiful set !
 Spruce up your gardern or patio with quality designer furntiure . I purchased this with the chaise and with the patio table/chairs but it is nice enough to formalize or dress up any area of your outdoor living space without buying the other parts of the collection , even though I did and my yard looks worth a million now .
 I like the looks and weight of the bench but was disappointed the bottom frame is not the same as the two chairs so you will need to use the seat pad all the time ... The matching chairs have a molded/braided seat area so you would not need to use the seat pad if you elected not to . I live in the Seattle area so due to the amount of rain would prefer not to leave the seat pad on it all the time .
 Bought this item as gift for my mom and she loves it . Shipping took a little longer then expected , but this was due to local shipping company - not Amazon . Wonderful addition to her backyard .
 The bench is comfortable and has enough weight so the wind does not blow it over . The cushion is real nice and it dries quickly plus it fastens to the bench with only two small velcro straps.Two people can sit on the bench in comfort .
 This garden bench is very well made and extremely attractive . The color is elegant . I have it in a small sun room and it is perfect . The cushion fabric is sturdy enough to withstand my dogs , but the cushion itself could be heftier . The bench is lightweight , giving the impression it is not solid and sturdy , but has supported whatever I have subjected it to -- and I have 10 dogs that love a couch ! I would give it 5 stars if the cushion were made of a better foam .
 This bench is fabulous and the cushions are a very good quality . We purchased the entire collection and could not be any happier . They were boxed superbly so there was no damage at all and the quality is amazing ... obviously we love this product !!
 I just received these chairs today.They came double boxed and arrived safely.These are lounge or deep seating chairs , since the description does not specify and they are very comfy.The frames are in a bronze/brown color , the seating pads are in a tan and off-white and look to be good quality . My little daughter climbed on the chairs with her muddy shoes as soon as I had them out of the box and I could just dust the dirt off the cushions after letting it dry.The chairs look to have a solid construction and are not quite as light as some of the cheaper ones you find in the stores.The chairs are stackable too.Would buy them again .
 I purchased 2 chairs and a table for my lanai . They were shipped promptly and well packed . Picture does not do them justice . They are medium weight aluminum so they will hold up well is Florida 's humidity . Cushions are very comfortable , neutral in color and easy to clean .
 I ordered , two orders which equals four chairs . The boxes are thick and double boxed . The chairs are placed , one inside the other ... all wrapped with paper around the legs , arms and on top of the back . Fairly light weight and solid frame ... nothing to put together . The color is a low luster pretty taupe color with tiny specks of silver ... very expensive looking . The cushions are a golden taupe color with an expensive weave pattern and piping around the edges , top and bottom for structure . It feels durable and water proof . The back corners have velcro straps to hold the cushions in place . They can be neatly stacked . I 'm extremely pleased with this order . Thank you Amazon .
 was very happy when I opened the box . Better than in picture , but not a perfect match for the Table I got from amazon even if it 's the same brand and almost perfect matching style , but they still go together nice . Bottom line the chairs are great .
 These chairs are very good-looking and comfortable . I ordered four chairs , plus the table with firepit and the side table with ice-bucket . Two of the chairs arrived damaged - this cast aluminum is so sturdy that I can not imagine what occured en route to damage them , but Amazon immediately replaced them and picked up the return shipping on the damaged chairs , minimizing my downtime . The new ones are fine . I like that there is no assembly required on these.The firepit table actually has one mis-drilled hole which we will have to re-drill . This was not a matter of not knowing to loosely tighten all of the screws before really tightening them - the hole is actually wrongly placed . I like the table so much that we did our best with it and will simply re-drill for that one errant screw . For now we tightened up everything so it 's functional and does not wobble.Aside from these two issues , I love the way this Strathwood Shaw set looks out there , it 's very attractive and inviting and a tremendously good price , so much so that I 'm considering picking up more pieces . I enjoy my backyard much more now !
 I purchased 2 sets of these chairs to go with the Firepit Table . It 's a great combo . The chairs are very comfortable.One set of chairs was damaged . However , Amazon came and collected them and sent a new set with minimal fuss.My main criticism is that you can not get close enough to the table . The table is too low , so the chair arms touch the edge . It seems okay . When people are having dinner , we all tend to sit on the edge of the chairs . Not ideal , but it works .
 I 've begun to use this guide , rather than relying on my own somewhat imprecise method using only a file . It reliably sharpens the blade , and is much cheaper and quicker than repeatedly having a shop sharpen them .
 -LRB- Helpful ? Not ? Please vote , so I know someone is reading these : ^ -RRB- I realize this is n't for everyone . I cut 5-10 cords of big wood each year . For most people , a hand file and/or just keeping two or three chains will more than suffice . If , however , you cut more than a couple limbs and saplings per year , you 're already familiar with the chain sharpening gambit . The saw shops put the grinding wheel edge on your chain , and it cuts very well , and then it dulls . If you then try to touch up the teeth in the field , you realize the round files do n't work with the straight gullet the saw shop 's machine put on there . Then you start filing ... and filing ... Lots of folks keep 2 or 3 chains sharpened , and just swap chains when one dulls . Usually , after three chains , you 're through cutting anyway -LRB- although this is often not the case for me -RRB- . When done , you 'd take them all to the shop at the same time , and you 're ready for next time . This is neither practical nor thrifty , thus enter the Oregon Professional series filing guide . You can set filing angles on two planes , ensure equal tooth length , equal gullet depth and equal raker height . That 's all you need for a heckuva sharp chain . This is a knockoff -LRB- and superior to , IMHO -RRB- the old Granberg 104A File Guide -LRB- Sears also labeled them -RRB- . Both are fine , the new Oregon has a second clamp that holds the chain in place for you . The Granberg lacks this . It saves your fingertips a lot of abuse . The new Granberg 106B looks like it has the same sort of clamp , but I ca n't vouch for it yet . The old Granberg I have gives me fits with the slide bushing sometimes , though it usually works * really * well too . No chain clamp makes it less stable though , thus my filing angles are less consistent.I would , since it 's free , call into Oregon and get their . PDF -LRB- Adobe Acrobat file -RRB- of how to properly file your chain . It takes about 15 minutes to absorb the information about `` up angle '' , etc. , for your particular chain , that you probably do n't already know . It 's on their website too . Filing `` up '' means that you file about 3 to 5 degrees up through the gullet of the tooth . Oregon 's little document is a big help in understanding how to set up your file guide for a killer edge . Use the filing guide to set up a `` hungry '' chain -LRB- lower the raker teeth -RRB- or a ripping chain -LRB- square tooth -RRB- or a soft wood chain or a hard wood chain ... whatever you want . I detract for a lack of rigidity . I would ideally like to have a BIG , HEAVY piece of equipment in my shop , and this guide out in the woods . The slide/guide is a little flexible , and will definitely let you know when your file is getting old or tanked up with metal.I use this on the tailgate of my truck fairly well , but I 'm better and faster just clamping the whole saw in my vice at home -LRB- by the bar -RRB- . You must file both sides of the chain , thus you will reverse two settings on the guide when you change sides -LRB- up-angle and tooth angle -RRB- . This is another reason why I recommend the free Oregon . PDF or fax they 'll send you . All in all , this is for the chainsaw junkie or enthusiast . If you 're a ` once-a-year ' guy or gal , just buy the file handle with the lines on it for $ 3 , and take your machine to the shop when the teeth get too snaggled and of different lengths . The $ 40 - $ 50 you spend here is only worth it if you cut a lot . At $ 6 per sharpening , you can see that most saw owners may take a few years to recoup the cost . A 20 '' chain takes me around 15 minutes to sharpen -LRB- and I may be a little slow -RRB- . Still , if you do n't have the patience to sharpen your own lawn mower blades , you probably do n't have the patience for the setup and repetition this operation requires either . The upside is , if you do use this mill , your chain will outperform the old file-handle-with-lines around 2
 excellent product ! I have been using my original model for 5 yrs now and have always had the complant that it is a little flimsy when filing and the professional model is awesome . no flex at all . much better than lightweight model . take it from a landscaper . well worth it if you are wanting to sharpen your own chains . instructions are fairly easy to follow even for a beginner . oregon has an excellent website also that helps . If you take your time and learn how to use this tool properly you will be pleased with the cut !
 Works very well , especially useful for setting depth on cutters.I had funusing it , practiced on an old chain . If you are in a hurry just buy anew chain ; if not , this looks like the best way to keep chain sharpat home .
 I had purchased a Granberg Bar-Mount Chain Saw Sharpener , Model # G-106B that did not work smoothly and broke when tightening up the screw to hold the file in place . Cheap pot metal . Northern Tool promptly sent a refund for the whole amount including shipping , so kudos to them for that.I then ordered the Oregon 23736A Professional Chain Saw Bar-Mount Filing Guide . Now this is an excellent unit !! I did have to do a few minor things to make it work well however . I ground the set screw that clamps the unit to the bar so that it has a round ball shape on the end of it . Now it does not try to move around as you tighten it.After having done that , it still tried to slip on the bar when the set screw was tightened . To fix that I also applied two '' x 1 '' pieces of adhesive backed non-skid material to the 2 contact spots of the same size on the opposite side of the sharpener . I imagine you could glue some medium/coarse sand paper on those 2 places for the same effect . Now it does not take much pressure for the set screw to hold the unit firmly in place on the chain saw bar while using it.One other issue I had is that I could not get the angle indicators to line up when I turned it from one side to the other . Turns out the handle had come positioned on the wrong side of the unit as shipped . If you have never used one of these before , that would be very confusing if you assumed they were supposed to be positioned where there were from the factory.I then put some synthetic motor oil on the units round bar that slides and on the pad in the middle under the bar . Smooth !! Another thing I did that has nothing to do with the File Guide itself is to take a small bar clamp and clamp it to the chain saw bar with the bar of the clamp laying on the bench , and the bar of the clamp pointing in the direction you are filing . It really keeps the saw from tipping as you file it.This works so nicely now and I am very happy with it . I suppose it could have come with all these things honed out , but I do n't mind making improvements on things so they work really well . I get a lot of satisfaction from that.I highly recommend this tool , especially with these modifications .
 Does away with human error when sharping a chain . Also increases speed of sharping and easier positioning of your saw . Excellent for anyone who uses chainsaws often and sharpens them with files .
 I had the consumer version of this which looks about the same but had more plastic parts . Before using it , make sure your chain is tight . You still have to push the chain with one finger to keep it straight against the force of the file and you still have to adjust the filing guide manually to the correct height which requires some judgement . You still need a flat file and depth gauge for lowering the rakers . It works as designed but the operation is n't complete or automatic . If you get the height correct and keep the chain straight with your finger , you will have a sharp chain .
 same as the last one i had its ausommmmmm ...
 I almost did n't order this because I thought it was uglier than the other Bosmere Haws watering cans . I thought the spout was weirdly shaped and felt cheated that it , unlike the others , did n't include a watering rose at the spout end . However , this nickel plated can is the perfect shape for directing the water precisely at the base of the plants . No longer do hidden leaves deflect the water , leaving the plants thirsty and creating a mess on the floor . The can holds a liter of water , which makes it light enough when full to water the plants on the higher shelves and voluminous enough to water all the plants in my living room . It is also exceedingly well made and flat out gorgeous . Pricey but fabulous .
 This table is quite attractive and substantial . It sits a little lower than a standard patio table however one can still sit comforatbly near the table . I suspect this is to prevent one from getting their legs under the table and too close to the fire pit bowl . One negative : two of the screws where the legs attach to the ring assembly did not fit well and were exteremly difficult to tighten all the way . I almost was forced to cut the screws shorter . I added some machine oil to the threads and gently worked the screws deeper into screw holes . Overall satisfied with the table ... and it is quite attractive .
 This table/firepit is huge , almost 4 ' diameter , like 45 '' . All aluminum and nice dark bronze finish . Really blends in w / any look , kind of what I consider Etruscan.One fault is that the screws are going to rust . They are on the underside , and they give you covers for them . However gravity is going to not allow those covers to hold for very long . The item itself is good heavy aluminum , it will not rust , but I am going to cover it.One of the legs was just a slight hair off as well as the top , however you would never notice . I am going to get some real washers from the hardware store and put it togeather again . The ones w / the cut in them and a bit uneven to secure bolts permanently . Sorry can not remember the name of them offhand.Typical of manufactures importing stuff , very good product and they cheap out on the cheap bolts/screws and washers.Very good item for the money . And firepits are great for parties.Remember this is a big item , and if you get the chairs you need some serious room . The champagne chiller is slick as well.Tip , when you put it togeather , you got to install the bolts loosly , then evenly tighten them once assembled.Assembly really is super quick , and nothing difficult.This is much better than that Home Repot stuff .
 This is our first fire pit , and it seems to work great . It is not too heavy so it can be moved around our patio and it looks nice . The only downside , and I think this is true of all firepits , is that the bowl fills up with water when it rains and makes quite a mess in there . I find myself cleaning the bowl more often than I 'd like , but otherwise is a great !
 I bought this table with the four chairs also made by Strathwood . I have it on my patio where I can see the flame from our hot tub and it looks gorgeous burning in the dusk . I have had a number of people comment on the way it looks and I have been unable to find a better value . It looks like it is a lot heavier than it is , as it is remarkably easy to move and was a piece of cake to assemble even by myself . The drawbacks are that the black mesh screen needs to be stored somewhere else -LRB- there are no hidden nooks where you can stick it for easy access when you decide to light the fire -RRB- and it sits lower than your average table , so if you need to sit and use the table to work or read , it is n't going to work for you . It is fine for eating casually , though . There are little screws in the bottom of the legs so you can level the table without using other hardware and if you have an uneven surface like I do , you can move it around and adjust it easily to stop any wobbling . The other issue I have is that the chairs made by the same company do n't fully fit under the table , the armrests are a little too high , so they wo n't push all the way under the table .
 This table was almost exactly what I was expecting . It is well-made , sturdy -LRB- and heavy ! -RRB- , and VERY simple to put together . The finish has a lot more grey to it than the picture shows , which was a little disappointing . That said , the finish is still attractive and will work with the other -LRB- non-Stratford Shaw -RRB- items I already own .
 I love it ; I am a 55-year old woman in pretty good shape and I was able to get it out of the box and assembled completely by myself . It arrived very very quickly . My only complaint is that the bottle of `` touch-up '' for the aluminum finish , which came with it , was not securely closed , and leaked out , so that when I opened the box , I could smell the strong odor of solvent everywhere , and the bottle was empty .
 I 'm so excited to use this table . The weather has been rainy ever since I got it . It assembled beautifully . Comes w / it 's own little tool . It 's a nice strong , sturdy table but it 's not overly heavy . I was able to move all the pieces to the patio and assemble w/o any help . It 's going to get a lot of use this summer !
 We have really enjoyed having this fire pit table . It was very easy to assemble and is very sturdy and high quality . The only downside is that the mesh screen that comes with the table is prone to rust .
 The table is cute and will work great between the chaise lounges that I bought -LRB- strathwood bainbridge -RRB- but I thought all of the finishes would be the same . This table has a different finish ! It has a silvery metallic paint brushed on it so it 's not the black with copper accents like the other things that are listed as strathwood bainbridge . I guess it is the Shaw series , but it 's grouped with the bainbridge things to I assumed it was the same . I 'm going to keep it becuase it does n't look bad between the chaises since they have cusions on them , but just be prepared that it looks somewhat different .
 We actually used our fire pit for the first time the other day and it was perfect . The table is beautiful , and not difficult to put together , I was able to get it together without the help of my husband , which is a big thing , since I 'm not very good with putting furniture together . The one thing I regret not doing is buying the matching chairs . I bought other chairs and they do not match as well as I would have liked , so I bought the chairs and now I have all this extra patio furniture . But together the set looks great ! I would recommend this table to anyone .
 We ordered three sets , as Christmas gifts , for various family members that love to grill fish ; the spices were a nice bonus and added to the value of the gift , in my opinion .
 I tryed planck grilling for the first time , and got 2 uses out of these boards . Then threw them in the fire . Tryed it with Chicken , and it had a great smokey flavor .
 These are warm gloves with the Thinsulate lining . On the outside , they are similar to the sort of cotton work gloves one might use in the garden . There is nothing fancy about them , but they keep the hands warm . They are not bulky and can fit in the pocket of a light jacket . There is nothing fancy about them , but they are great for daily use , football games , etc. . The gloves listed here would likely be too large for someone with small hands .
 These are perfect for corn on the cob . You insert the firmly and they stay . Not like metal ones with short prongs that keep slipping out . If you microwave your corn , you can insert them into the corn and put them into the microwave , unlike metal ones . They are diswasher safe and can be used over . They are a little long for corn on the cob so I cut some the length off with scissors . You can also get shorter ones also .
 Not much to say . I prefer the flat skewers they hold more and are easier to turn . When I run out I will buy some more . Really good for seafood and vegetables . Foods stay put .
 Quality bamboo packaged nicely in a reusable plastic container . Food stays put . Better than round skewers . They are short , so hold only a few pieces of food . These can be used for many purposes other than barbecue , such as plant markers .
 One of the big problems with barbecuing shrimp , is with most skewers that are round , is when you turn the shrimp on the barbecue , it spins . You really have to work the over to the other side to get it to cook . With these flat sided skewers , that does not happen . You turn the skewer , you turn the shrimp .
 Items on a skewer tend to rotate around a round skewer . A flat skewer allows you to easily turn a skewer loaded with meat over and cook it right.A cooking tip === do not mix good items on a skewer . Put onions on one , tomatoes on another , meat on another , etc. . You remove them and serve them and your food will be better.Another tip , mark the skewer for each food product and then soak it and use them over and over .
 I found this product to be very useful in keeping the squirrels from eating my bird seed ; but I used a full packet per 8qt bucket of seed . I was pleasantly surprised to see my feeders full and only birds eating from them . If you are unfamiliar with working with hot peppers be very careful using this product . Wear gloves and possibly a mask . The new website for C&S -LRB- wildsuets.com -RRB- states to use an oil coating on the seed before applying the powder
 Very sturdy not too hard to put together you need 2 people , mine 's been up 4 months its strong and looks very nice .
 I purchased the 3 sided gazebo to put in the middle of my garden . Plan on putting a solar birdbath in middle and vines up sides.EASY TO ASSEMBLE !! ONE MAN / WOMAN JOB ! As soon as the FedEx man delivered it I put it up ALONE . I am a 5 foot tall , petite woman - so I decided to assemble it as follows . I worked on it while I had it standing upright . Started from the top and worked my way down to the bottom . Alternating legs so it would be up at all times . I had it up within an hour maybe half an hour . . my two year old helped !! PRICE IS RIGHT !! I do think it is a little wobbly which I will find a way to make it more sturdy . Also I will give up the idea of Wisteria vines , I am pretty sure it will not be able to handle the weight so I will try a lighter vine arrangement.LOOKS GREAT !! OVERALL I AM HAPPY WITH GAZEBO -- I CAN WORK WITH THE NEGATIVES ! GREAT PRICE !!
 This unique arch was fairly easy to assemble . Few places offer a three sided arch that will allow a vine/plant to grow in more than 2 directions . It came in dark green vice the pictured black , but that blends with the leaves better anyway .
 We bought this four years ago as a grape arbor in our backyard . It is covered in vines now and is still standing strong and sturdy . The paint has weathered -LRB- dulled only -RRB- but it remains hunter green with no peeling .
 arch is great but instructions on doesent work have to fit top to bottom not bottom to top thank you
 Bought this for our beach wedding . A little tedious to assemble , screws went in ` loose ' and stripped easily . The whole assy was rather flimsy when assembled and difficult to move without twisting , took 4 people moving slowly . Lost to the beach wind a few times when wrapped in tule , but made it through the wedding ok , haha.Amazon has proved to be a great source of wedding supplies , made our wedding planning much easier than we thought ! Good product , shipped quickly , and free Super Saver Shipping ... . now we just need a reason to use them again!Thanks Amazon !
 This is a bit wobbly , but , for the price a good enough quality . I do n't think it to last for years , I am pleased with the small size . Comes in a small box .
 just love it!looks great in my back yard and the birds love sitting on itwould buy it again.g
 I was afraid to even get the arch out of the box because the reviews trashed it . But the reviews are wrong . This arch is gorgeous !! It is very tall and very wide . The preacher and groom and bride can all fit in it nicely . My husband put it together -LRB- start with top as reviewer suggest -RRB- without the screws so we could pull it apart to move it to wedding site . He said it did n't matter if some screws strip -LRB- which some reviewers said happened to them -RRB- because it will stay together by sliding the poles into each other , it even has ground stakes . I cant figure out why people think its cheap ? I mean kids should n't swing on it but its nice ! The legs are really wider than I thought so it holds the grapevine , ribbon , roses and bling we are gon na put on it . It even holds the small chandelier nicely in the middle . We are painting it ivory with a primer spray first . But it has a thick glossy green coat on it so I cant imagine it could rust as reviews suggested . I am thrilled I only listened to positive reviews or I would have missed out on this unique huge arch which only cost $ 99 . And the top looks exactly like cinderellas ' carriage !!! Its so pretty !!!
 I bought this for wedding rental arch painted it black . Top is a pain to get it to line up . Nice height and much larger than expected . Tiny bolts and screws you 'll loose . Kinda flimsy .
 This is a very sturdy addition to our garden . We use it near the playground and the pre-school where I teach . It was easy to assemble and the children love it !
 We bought this for a wedding . It will provide a beautiful free-standing frame work for our altar decorations . I intend to use it in my garden after the wedding . Well made and can easily stand on its own when indoors .
 Perfect for our garden stone paths . Really like the &#34; tripod &#34; design . Is light-weight metal , not what I consider a &#34; gazebo &#34; , but is an inexpensive and nice looking addition to the garden for decor and vine growing .
 The Gazebo arch was exactly as described and looked so beautiful as the focal point at our outdoor wedding . We hung a chandelier down the middle and had tons of compliments ! The only negative is putting it together is kind of a pain , you will definitely need more than one person !
 My wife and I added some sheers and some daisys and OMG !!! This was the perfect item to be married under !!!
 I really like it a lot . Takes one to put it together , but it is a bit unstable and needs two to move it . Works exactly where I wanted it .
 The Gazebo was fairly easy to put together . I would advise to have at least two people put this together , especially when you are short . Overall it 's very sturdy , and looks great ! It 's just how the pictures look . and looks great in my yard.And is easy to assemble .
 It took only 2 hours to put it together & set it in place . Before purchasing it I read other reviews & was better prepared for the installation . I dug a 6 '' deep by 5 ` wide circle into the ground & bent little feet on each post which were secured by U-shaped wire stakes into the ground before refilling with soil . The metal is light weight & this would prevent any shifting from wind & weather . I 'm VERY happy with this product & ca n't wait for next spring to see the clematis rise & all the bulb plants pop-up around the birdbath that sits in the middle . The only extra tool you need to put this together is PATIENCE .
 We were very happy with our Gazebo Arch . We ordered it for a wedding and it looked beautiful . We had read previouse reviews and used a previouse purchasers advice regarding putting it together and it worked great . It was perfect size for the Bride , Groom , and the Gentleman performing the wedding to be under it . It is true that its not overly sturdy if you were to lean against it but we dont plan on doing that . Even if it dont make it through this next winter we will still feel like it was worth the $ 100.00 -LRB- aprox -RRB-
 I love my gazebo . I laced string on two openings and left only one side open . My vine is growing over 3 sides and looks great . I put a birdbath in the middle .
 This item is very good for the price ; it also looks very nice in the yard . It will not tip over like other reviewers stated if you assemble it right . For the price you ca n't beat it .
 The bench is a nice touch to my Memory Flower Garden . I am glad I knew ahead of time it is not a bench to sit on ; but , for decoration . The glue including in the box -LRB- s -RRB- did not work . After letting it sit 4 days I went to put the bench in place and the seat came off . The glue was like bubble gum and now I have to pick and scrap off the `` glue bubble gum '' and figure out how I am going to secure the bench to the legs after I pick all the glue/bubble gum off the seat and legs . Frustrating . Even though I read the directions I was still surprised how small the bench really is ; but , I would buy it again . Dr. M. H. Dennis
 I 've spent plenty of money on extremely frail barbeque products that got completely rusted , bent , or just broken . The Charcoal Companion Bar-B-que Shaker Basket certainly is n't a product that breaks down easily or does n't do what it is supposed to do . The price is certainly right , and although that there 's nothing exceptionally unique to this product , it 's absolutely unbreakable and I recommend this over most other barbeque cookers .
 This basket is HUGE ! I do n't care too much for the detachable handle , it 's kind of awkward to lift and shake . The basket is heavy , and even heavier with the food in it . I love the idea of the basket itself , and it holds so much , I do n't think anyone with a grill should be without one . Although , there is room for improvement .
 This is a good size basket for vegetables , seafood , and/or a mixture of foods . The recipe on the wrapping is good , and gives one ideas for other ways to use it . My complaint with it is that it comes with no directions for use . I had to come back to this web-site to see a picture of the basket with the handle attached to see how it should go on , and even that is hard to see well . I wish I knew if I should preheat the basket , add any oil to ensure the non-sticking , and how hot I should use the barbeque ???
 Cheap , fits , works . Seems to be as good if not better than the original wheels .
 This product came quickly and in good condition ; however , it does not work on NuTone systems . The company was great and easy to work with . I simply returned the vacuum with no problems using the return label provided and received a full refund .
 I was sent a 30 foot , not a 35 foot central vacuum hose . I do n't knmow why I measured it , but I did !! I called Amazon customer service and was connected to the Phillippeans , where I had a ten minute conversation which was very difficult to understand , but I thought that the person told me that they could only deduct 20 % , even though the 30 foot one was less than $ 40 and the 35 foot one was $ 61 . I than emailed Amazon and they deducted an additional $ 9 and I kept the 30 foot one . I would have rather received the correct on , but my wife needed it immediately to clean the house!The only thing that I question is if it was sent on purpose assuming that most customers would not actually measure it . I 'll never know.I buy ofter from Amazon and tow of the past three items have had problems . I wonder if their qulity control is losing it 's normally high standards ?
 This mount does not swivel smoothly thru 180 degrees . Rather the square rod fits in the 8-pointed star at the bottom of the mounting plate , allowing it to be positioned at 0 , 45 , 90 , 135 , and 180 degrees . The plate attaches with four screws . Seems plenty strong for my large pot of geraniums hanging from it .
 Works as well as the more expensive brand . Thanks for the fast service .
 The product had a very plastic feel to it even though it is a fabric based product . I believe it is fireproofing that is applied to it . That should be disclosed . I was looking for a cloth texture to match the rest of the banners for an established restaurant7sports bar . Size was great .
 The item arrived on time and was in a new condition . However be aware that the picture of the flag that you order may not be the same as the flag that arrives . a different Lakers ' loge arrived that looks totally different with different shades of purple and yellow . Still it worked fine in my son 's room , that is why I gave it four stars .
 The time comes when the rain does not fall and the gardener must water . I have had many a hose but this one takes the cake . Love it !!!
 I have the equivalent Goodyear rubber hose and this one is of comparable quality . It 's possible to get a kink but only when it 's bunched together and not laid out properly . My only complaint is the Goodyear hose does n't leak at the hose end and this one does .
 This bench was easy to set up and so far is comfortable . If you have longer legs you may not think so though as the seat is short . But I like it alot
 This is a great porch glider and i have not experienced any staining problems with . The arboria customer service is very helpful to boot .
 The reason I gave this only four stars instead of five is because the instructions are a bit maddening . You need to attach the two front -LRB- or back -RRB- metal pieces for the glider , then put it down to attach the other two . It was very frustrating . Looks and feels beautiful though .
 It was easy to put together and is solidly built . We 'll see if it ages well , but I definitely like it at this stage !
 I love this hummingbird feeder . I have several positioned throughout my yard and it seems the hummingbirds like it too . They are choosing it over all the others ! It is super easy to put together and fill . I love that it can be `` planted '' in the ground . This was a great purchase !
 love this stuck it in a flower pot and is so easy to fill ! no sticky mess down my arm from trying to hang and what not ! amazing !
 I bought two of these to put into the garden for hummingbirds ... They are very attracted to these and we have a bunch of hummingbirds flying around ... only drawback is that the container leaks so you have to keep it nice and level ... would have been nice if the container sealed somehow so the nectar would survive a bump and not spill .
 Great price for an easy to use hose end sprayer . Because you do n't need to premix your solution , there is no waste . Just set the dial and it will use what is necessary and any unused product can be saved for another time . Good quality plastic and thumb flow control .
 The sprayer was easy to use and had many selections for amount to be mixed with water . Very pleased to have bought it and would recommend it to anyone .
 Does exactly what I bought it for , spraying liquid fertilizer on my plants and small front yard .
 I Am Not sure what higher price sprayers have over this without getting In to the powered pressure washers . This sprayer has adjustable mixture and adjustable nozzle . I recommend If You have super high Water pressure which some Water companies use to make money on busted Water lines then keep the valve on this open and use a brass valve on this sprayer . I bought this to wash My cloths put 5 cups of Tide with bleach fill with hot Water stir or shake set sprayer at 9 table spoons , Insert screws Into a sheet of plywood put caps over the screws , hang clothes on screws , It works just fine .
 I use it to treat my lawn and its a good tool . just wish it had a handle .
 I already owned this sprayer which had lasted for years and years so I wanted to replace it with the same kind . Service was excellent . Price was right . Excellent transaction .
 I have two of these and love them . So nice not to have to premix chemicals and put them in a pump sprayer.Great for spraying chemicals on lawn . I also put straight bleach in the tank and spray in at the hightest mix rate to get rid of mold and mildew on the side of my house.ONly wish they made a smaller resivoir to use when i am only spraying a small area .
 I 've had several of these things and this one so far is better than all the others . It has an adjustment so you can go from a spray to a stream which is very helpful in dosing properly and getting coverage . The dial on the top means you do n't have to mix the plant medicine with water , but just dial the dilution factor . The straw in the plastic jar has a small filter so as to catch clogs . The part that attaches to the hose is also easier to use . I would n't leave any solution in the jar when you are finished because it may dry out .
 This is a handy item for use around the outside since it has a wide range of adjustment for use with concentrated chemicals . It seems to work fine with all the concentrated liquid chemicals that we use . Be sure to rinse it out after each use though -LRB- run water through it -RRB- . It does n't do too well with the thicker chemicals at low mix rates , but I 'd guess that all the sprayers of this type that are available have that same limitation -LRB- you get what you pay for -RRB- . I 'd recommend it .
 This is for liquid fertilizers and pesticides sold pre-mixed . Easy to use with these liquid solutions ... just fill the container and set a dilution rate on the sprayer 's black dial . I 've been using the sprayer with VF-11 fertilizer in my small home greenhouse for my orchid collection .
 Product worked just as specified . Made.for liquid fertilizer . I bought it to trace a miracle gro one that I had because i had extra bags of the granular miracle gro left . So.we had to liquify it first no big deal . But that 's why 4 stars . I think it should do both granular and liquid .
 I had this sprayer before and the problem was when you tipped it over the solution would leak out . For example , if you 're using blue-colored copper solution to get rid of bugs or fungus , the blue can spill and stain concrete . My unit only lasts a few years then starts to leak . I 'm about to order a new one since it 's probably the only brand that even lasts 2 years and does a good spray job . The Ortho-brand sprayer is worthless and cracks within a few months when you 're using it .
 I bought this product for something other than its intended use - to apply Miracle Grow in its granular form . The little device works well enough considering it was n't designed for the job . Of the four different options for spray pattern , none of them combine the distance and volume I want . I suspect this product is great for applying liquid concentrate to small gardens or potted plants .
 Used once and met expectations . Good value for the price . Went about 15 ' into the air up a tree to spray for box elder bugs . No issues . Would buy again .
 We bought two of these benches for our backyard . They are beautiful . Based on other reviews , we bought natural wood tinted Thompson 's water sealer and sealed the benches before putting them outside . The tinted sealer actually made them look even better . Assembly was n't bad . I just needed a set of pliers to turn the allen wrench when it got too hard to turn by hand . I did a lot of research before buying these benches . Although they are n't as nice as teak , they were the least expensive with the best design for the price . And I ca n't complain about quality , so I am happy .
 This beautiful bench is graceful and well made . You do need strength toturn the screws , but it is worth the effort !
 My husband searched and searched for the perfect bench to compliment our beautiful backyard and classic brick patio . So , when he saw this bench , he had to have it and was overjoyed when it arrived . He easily put it together -LRB- and oil-protected it -RRB- and he was just so impressed with the bench , he ordered another . We ca n't tell you how beautiful these benches are -- they are very sturdy , roomy and believe it or not , comfortable ! He loves them so much , he ordered a matching chaise to compliment the two benches . Definitely buy these items ; they 'll make your garden a true refuge from the hustle and bustle of the city .
 Item arrived just as pictured . Very easy to assemble . I reccomend using a power drill with the appropriate bit for attaching the screws . Always leave each screw loose until all the screws have been inserted then tighten them all up . The dimensions of the bench and color looks great around my small , round , in-ground jaccuzzi . I bought one first and loved it so I picked up another one . Yard lover dot com has this bench for a little less but charges for the shipping , I did purchase the samll Arboria side table at yard lover for other areas around my pool . Again this company has a VERY nice product for the money . It has been three weeks of sun and rain and I see no fading problems with mine . However I do imagine it will need bi-anual oil applications to keep the color and finish in smooth condition . Did I mention I like this bench ; -RRB-
 This bench is pretty and easy to assemble . I like it a lot .
 If you are as tired as I was of fooling around with kinking splitting leaking and generally lousy hoses get one of these . I now have 300 feet of Swan rubber hoses around my 1.5 acres and it is the only way to go . My wife loves them too . They are the only hose she has ever been willing to roll back up.They are n't cheap but you get everything you pay for here.EDIT
 It does n't kink . Amazing . I had to order another one for the other side of the house . This is a great buy . I checked other websites for the same hose .
 There 's a lot to like about this hose ... construction is top-notch , solid , rust-proof connectors and it 's very soft , pliable and easy to put where you want it . Unfortunately , this softness is also the product 's big drawback
 Hoses have worked very well , so far ... no leaks whatsoever from the connectors , and the hoses are nice and pliable . Well worth the cost over the cheap hoses that last a season or two .
 this black hose arrived in just a few days . The fittings work well and without leaking . It does the job .
 Boxer sign made from good plastic , it didnt have holes as an item description , boxer figure is a well attached sticker , good product
 I want to say , if you are having any problems with animals raiding your bird feeders , this is what you want . I have nothing to do with this company but i called them , told them my problems and they developed this product after squirrels and things was raiding their feeders.I purchased expensive feeders -LRB- Droll Yankees Flipper , Whipper , Etc -RRB- and they work great and i give Droll Yankees high praise also . The problem is , no feeder made is going to keep animals out , unless you get them way up in the air , away from trees , and you can keep animals from climbing up the pole . If you have big and heavy feeders , you need a heavy durable pole.If you buy this feeder pole , it does n't matter what feeders you use , nothing is going to get to it except birds . Thank you for this great product . I spent money on flimsy poles and nothing worked . This is simple as 1,2,3 to put together and takes like 15 minutes . If i am not mistaken , each bar will hold up to 30 pounds . I have two Droll Yankees feeders on one arm -LRB- Whipper & Flipper -RRB- and with 5lbs of feed in each one , this is a total weight of around 24lbs . It does n't phase that bar at all and holds them great . This pole is built like a brickhouse . I have two Droll Yankees thistle feeders on the lower bar and it 's just inches below the top bar . Remember , you can buy very cheap bird feeders and put on this and no animal is getting to it.I have more squirrels than you can count and they are smart . This pole has a baffle built on this and it is on when you buy it and do not have to put it on . It 's on . It has a spring on it some way and it moves back and forth and i think even up and down an inch or two . A squirrel will go and look up and want the feed , climb to the bottom of the baffle , which is about two feet up maybe , then he reaches up on the baffle and he falls off to the ground . Go to their site and watch the video . I have alot of deer and a family of 6 now and they smell the feed and come and look up and now it is to tall for them . Racoons can not get up it . I have them . I even have a lab dog next door that has a great nose and she smells bread i sometimes put on the thistle feeder trays and she wishes she could reach them . She ca n't . All animals now eat from the ground and what the bird drops . Squirrels are under the pole alot eatting sunflower seeds the birds drop , but this is all.I said i would never give $ 100.00 for a feeder pole and after i threw money away trying to keep the animals off , this was the best money i have spent . I should have bought this at day number 1 . It holds 4 feeders secure but you can put more on the pole easily , if you desire . I am putting a litte suet feeder and a woodpecker feeder on mine soon . This will be 6 feeders.Is it anything bad ? No . If you consider it being up high , then this might be bad but keep in mind you need it up high , where deer wo n't reach up and eat . If the feeders do not hang down some or your not sort of tall , then you might have to have a step up on a step to reach them and fill them back with feed . This is a very minor thing . I was having almost 10 pounds of feed eat in one night . Racoons and deer , squirrels in the day . I had quit using my feeders and was only using thistle as other animals did not like thistle . Now i can feed all the birds.This is a long review but spending over $ 100.00 and thinking will this work or not , or will i throw $ 100.00 away and still be stuck with animals raiding my feeders . I took the chance and this was money well spent . This is a great product and i thank you from the state of TN and thanks for talking to me and explaining the pole and baffle to me . I purchased the Goldstone as it has maybe 2 or 3 coats of paint on it and the black one looks nice but had only 1 coat of paint .
 This pole is excellent ! Our kids are a little disappointed that the squirrels have n't even attempted to climb it though . It 's been up for 4 weeks and the squirrels just sit at the bottom and look up trying to craft a good plan ... but then they leave.We have 2 expensive feeders and 2 feeders that the kids picked up at the dollar store . All four are used by the birds and they all work perfectly ! The pole was a little wobbly even though it was twisted the full length of the auger . My husband packed it in tighter with sand and small rocks - although we probably will cement it in . The one feeder we hung holds 6 qts and it really was too heavy for the pole since it had nothing to offset that weight on the opposite side . But we emptied out 1/2 and hung a similar size on the opposite pole - fine now.We have seen 18 species in the past 4 weeks and we are coming up quickly on the migration weeks for our area . This has been an exciting 4 weeks for our kids -LRB- 3,5 & 11 -RRB- and we should have installed one years ago!NOTE
 If you have a problem with squirrels , buy this and you wo n't . It is fun to watch them try and fail ! Very very highly recommended .
 Works like a charm . Easy to install . Good construction . Love to watch the squirrels attempt to climb the pole and wag their tails in frustration . Worth the price !
 Since I replace this filter on my tractor about once per year , it can get to be pricey . This unit was well-made , fit perfectly , and has been performing well for more than six months .
 The bench itself is great . Looks really nice , especially after using a little teak oil like they suggest . Problem was with the actual delivery . The box came really destroyed and with no hardware for putting together . Called the 800 number of the company and they said they would ship out a package , which they did , but it took over a week . The huge box had to sit in my hallway for all that time . Also , when I told them about the UPS delivery and the destroyed box , they asked how I ordered it . When I told them Amazon , they said Amazon must be getting their leftovers , because they were n't the ones who shipped it . After all that , the bench looks really , really nice for the $ 200 .
 This is a good looking solid bench at an attractive price . The curved back and seat make it more comfortable than most other benches . After I finished it with teak oil , it looked very attractive . Very satisfied with this purchase . The assembly instructions could have been made clearer . While assembly was not too difficult , I initially assembled the back rest the wrong way since front and back were not identified in any way .
 The chairs are great . They came really fast . The only issues I have are that they are a bit heavy and I did n't realize I was going to need to put linseed oil on them when I got them and then to keep the same color I 'll need to put a varnish on them . But they look really nice and are comfortable and easy to store and move .
 I bought four of these chairs to replace a similar but different set . We live on the Gulf coast and these chairs will be out in the sun , rain and wind . The previous set , similar in design but not as well constructed , started coming apart at the joints after two years . I made repairs but the wood is simply not hard enough to hold the fasteners . So I bought these , good price , seems to be better built . Time , the sun , the wind , the rain and regular use will decide if I 've made a wise investment .
 Bought this mat for my boyfriend a couple years ago for Valentine 's Day . Its been through several moves and has held up great . Its super easy to clean and not mention , he LOVED it ! : -RRB-
 I have used one of these for years around the camp fires . My friends comment on it and enjoy using it also . Highly recommended !
 The axe is very good but it does n't look like the picture shown . For a true picture instead refer to the `` customer picture '' posted .
 This great for splitting wood you can split pretty big pieces with it ! We use it a lot when we are camping !
 I love this product because of the weight . For me it helps . The handle feels like it will hold up for long time . The color , while really not important for such a tool does make it harder to spot at night .
 Very useful and manageable little maul/sledge . A friend recommended it . My shoulders no longer allow me to use the heavy maul and sledge so I open the wood with the Fiskars X27 splitting axe and finish the job with this and/or my wedge . Back in business splitting wood .
 My husband loves this axe , It 's certainly durable and exactly the right tool for splitting wood for our wood stove .
 Docking one star due to product description . It says `` genuine leather sheath '' , but Estwing does n't make a sheath for this product . It does n't really need one because it is n't intended to be very sharp .
 $ 36 at Home Depot . It might be worth the extra $ $ for the sheath , if it actually comes with one . I 've only split one green log -LRB- for woodcarving -RRB- , so I ca n't really claim how good this product is or is n't . I think of it as a wedge on a handle .
 This axe makes the chore of splitting firewood enjoyable ! It easily broke up one of the hardest pieces of timber I 've ever ran into while camping . Get a good swing on it , and one strike is common . Simply an awesome tool.The edge is very sharp when it arrived , and it held the edge well only requiring a few quick passes over a stone to maintain it . This is probably the best purchase I have made yet for our latest passion of camping.Its heavy though , so if you are weight conscious that is probably something you would want to look at closely .
 In the Traditional sense it 's known as the Camper 's axe , Hunter 's axe , and Logger 's axe - but Gardener 's would appreciate this ax or axe even more - for it 's dual sided ; one being an ax / axe head itself and the other can be used as a stake , splitter , hammer , to even stone/rock crusher and more ! It is NOT JUST FOR WOOD ONLY on that solid metal end in gardening , it 's great for that heavy chisel of yours when you have had that huge boulder or rock that came in and it just does not look right in the garden , this comes in handy knocking chips to chunks of rocks out to make it more natural in appearance - especially if you wanted to plant climbing plants such as ivy to roses for example , this will give them something to cling on and climb on the boulder or rock in your garden!In addition - in gardening - it those lightweight ax / axe heads just ca n't do the job when it comes to dividing overgrown plants when you want to transplant and move things around - with its heavy weight , a single blow or two does its job and your done ... gone is the tiring whack , whack , whack , whack - until your all whacked-out with aching muscles . But one word of warning , if you get this ax / axe head - make sure you have the new transplant locations ready to go to transplant ... for that is how fast your work will be done!The only BAD SIDE about this axe is I am not a big fan of these grip-type of handle covers for these tend to wear out or fall apart over the period of time ; however , there are many options you can pick from to make up for it that suits your needs . If you 're a hunter , you certainly do n't want this handle grip scent floating around , that which can be bound in leather for example.AWESOME SIDE : ONE SOLID PIECE OF METAL AX / AXENo Fusions / Weld-insNo NailsNo Gimmicks and GadgetsAs for People wondering about its BALANCE - it is n't supposed to be BALANCED , it is heavy on the top side just as an ax / axe head is supposed to be as that is where the force of impact is rendered . Which means - it gets the job done . I strongly recommend that one to take care of this and not to permit it to get wet . If it does , use a light oil such as 3 in one or WD-40 and wipe it clean and on the blade end , wipe away FROM YOU and dry it on the blade it -LRB- AWAY FROM YOU -RRB- but leaving to oil on it to prevent rust even though it has coating on it ... keep in mind , usage of these or any solid piece of metal , even those with coating - will eventually wear off - you are none the wiser , but just remember before you use it to wipe it dry and to remember to protect it again after using it ... IT WILL LAST FOREVER!This is actually a replacement of the one that was stolen - the one that my grandfather 's father -LRB- a blacksmith/silversmith/goldsmith / etc -RRB- from early 1800s ' had made - an heirloom -RRB- that was one of the many tools cleaned out of my shed during Tropical Storm Debby and I had to replace some tools for I have work to do . While I have a bigger Estwing Ax -LRB- old , old one - retired ; made around 1920s ' - one of the earliest ax / axe - was a lumber jack , then I have a crowbar Estwing -RRB- . Estwing is a BRAND NAME YOU CAN TRUST - since the early 1900s ' and they are still around to this day ! There are collectors and hunters of those old `` firsts '' of this brand , believe it or not!TIMES MAY HAVE CHANGED BUT ESTWING HAS NOT !
 I received this item over a year ago as a gift . For me , there is no better tool for reducing firewood to usable pieces of varying sizes for my wood-burning insert . As far as I know , this tool is in a class by itself . I 've never seen anything else like it . It 's like a maul with a hatchet handle attached . It 's easy to use while sitting comfortably . That 's usually what I do - pull up a chair next to a pile of wood and have at it . If mine ever wore out , I would replace it . I do n't think it will though .
 it is very nice to purchase an item -LSB- made in america -RSB- that meets all claims.Back to preparing wood for a small wood stove and find this tool indispensable . Purchased atamazon
 I bought this because the regular camping hatchet I was using to split my firewood was killing my elbow with the repeated blows I needed to get the job done . The problem with splitting medium pieces -LRB- typically how wood is stacked in a face cord -RRB- , a maul is too large & cumbersome and a hand hatchet is too small and light . This is the best of both worlds , because it is 4 lbs-light enought to use with one hand , it has a wedge-like shape like a maul , and it is sharp like a hand axe . 1-2 strikes and most wood will split easily . No sledge and wedge headaches , no guesswork with a cumbersome maul , and no flailing with a hatchet until your elbow and wrist curse you . A word of warning
 My husband and I have a wood burning stove in our home . We recently seen this product and decided to give it a try . It is by far the best wood splitter we have ever purchased . Very sharp and solid . Being the lady of the house , I do n't do much of the wood splitting . But on occasion I do have too . Using other hatchett type products I was never able to sucessfully split any wood . I was totally surprised when I picked up this splitter and was actually able to split the wood ! Others I have used just got lodged in the wood . This Fireside Friend just cuts right throught the wood like butter . I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this product to anyone in the market . After purchasing this axe ... my husband was so excited to show it off , he and my Dad went out to split ... a few days later ... my Dad purchased one also!I hope this review was helpful in your decision making about this product . We are truly satisfied all around with this axe . In fact my husband loves it so much , he plans to get a second one .
 I have had this maul for at least ten years . My version has the stacked leather washer handle . It has seen duty not only as a wood splitting tool , but also as a 4 pound hammer . I 've used it with cold chisels , and concrete chisels as well as driving stakes . It 's balance is perfect both for hammering as well as splitting -LRB- which is no small feat in my humble opinion -RRB- . This is truly a unique tool and highly recommended .
 Considering how small this axe/maul is , it 's pretty amazing who well it splits wood.The blade is sharp and angles out ridiculously wide , with a sledgehammer-like round back , so when splitting especially large diameter wood , you can use another hammer to push the blade in further if you can split the wood in a single blow.Though you really need to kneel when using it as the maul is so short that you risk injuring yourself if used standing , the balance is really designed to maximize the force of the blade going into the wood.Keep in mind though , that it 's weight , blade shape , and shortness really makes it a one purpose axe . It 's designed to split wood , and while it could do the other jobs that an axe requires , it would be unwieldy in any other role . a regular camp axe or hatchet wo n't be able to split wood as efficiently , but would be able to do so many other things well . This product really needs to stay at home , near a fireplace or near where you keep your cord of firewood . It 's a fireside friend and nothing else , but a dang good fireside friend .
 This is exactly the same tool that AMAZON sells here : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000KL0WVG/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i01at the time I write this , you can save $ 5.58 by ordering from the above link.The Amazon vendors are different , the prices certainly are different , but the tools are IDENTICAL.Do as thou wilt .
 Works great . Good quality . This item sells for cheaper at my local Home Depot . Should have looked there first I guess .
 It is not a replacement for a true maul but it will do 80 % of the work in a much handier package . It will last several lifetimes .
 I do n't have much else to say that 's already been in previous reviews . The size of this tool is perfect for when I go camping , and the maul end can be used to pound in tent stakes . The tool is crafted from a single piece of metal , so there are no components that may become loose or significantly damaged . The head weighs four pounds , so when I use it to split wood , I basically just `` drop '' the head onto the wood ; as opposed to swinging the tool over my head as I would an axe or hatchet .
 I have and have used a wide variety of hand tools . I can tell you that this product is made of the highest quality , and will give you a lifetime of good service with minimal maintenance . Highly recommended .
 I searched high and low at all the local hardware stores for a replacement chain for a Stihl 18 '' bar 74 drive link chain saw and was n't able to find one . This one came quickly after I ordered it from Amazon and fit perfectly . We have been using the chainsaw a lot this spring with the replacement chain and it has been cutting through wood like butter . This is a good quality product and well worth the cost .
 Great price on chain compared to retail and other outlets and great service by shipper . Will not hesitate to reorder when I need new equipment .
 I HAVE BEEN USING THE VERRO FOR ABOUT 1 MONTH AND DO LIKE THE FACT I DO N'T HAVE TO CLEAN MY POOL FILTER SYSTEM AS MUCH . IT DOES NOT REACH ALL THE SIDES OF THE POOL WITHOUT ME ASSITING IT THAT IS A DOWN-SIDE OF THIS ROBOT . THE CORD ALSO GETS TANGLED AND I HAVE TO UNTANGLE IT ALL THE TIME . I WOULD STILL BUY IT AGAIN FOR THE PRICE .
 I really think this product is over priced especially when you look at the construction.I had a problem with mine when I purchased it and contacted customer service . I used their email because when I called them about my Roomba it took 25 minutes on hold before my call was answered . They never did respond but did have the manufacturer of the product call me days later.All that being said , the darn thing works . It does a much better job in my 15x35 pool than the Hayward pool ever did .
 iRobot Verro 300 Pool Cleaning Robot super product using in home using every week , It 's easy to use . todo el mundo puede utilizarlo
 I used to spend hours a day cleaning my pool . I have 2 dogs that are in the pool every day and the dirt and hair is uncontrollable until I purchased the iRobot . I use it every other day and it runs for 3 hours . it never gets tangled and the fine dirt and hair that it picks up is amazing . now I have time to do what I want . I love it !!
 We have used the iRobot Verra 300 for approximately 10 months in the southeast . We run in twice a week , each time for 2 cycles -- approx 8 hours total each week . This seems to be more than necessary to keep the pool clean on a regular basis . Except with heavy fall leaves -LRB- when we used the coarse bag for a few weeks -RRB- , we use the fine mesh bag and do not have any problems with it clogging . We turn it inside out , shake our the large particles -LRB- leaves , twigs , etc. -RRB- , let it dry out for a day or so , and then shake off the fine particles -LRB- dust , sand , calcium flakes , etc. -RRB- when the bag is gry before the next use . This works just fine without washing or even rinsing the bag.Unlike other reviews , we have not experienced the fine mesh bag clogging , and we have not experienced the iRobot Verra favoring the deep end . It seems to clean our entire pool -LRB- approx . 20x40 -RRB- , both shallow and deep ends , equally well.Understandably , it does not work in the smaller 10 ' diameter spa , and it only occassionally climbs up onto the steps , but those are easy to clean/sweep while the iRobot Verra takes care of the rest of the pool . Basically , it wo n't climb a sharp radius -LRB- from spa floor to wall or from pool floor onto steps -RRB- , but it climbs the sidewalls of the pool without any problem -LRB- which have smooth curves - this is an inground gunnite pool -RRB- . So , other than a few understandable issues , we are still very pleased with the iRobot Verra 300 after about 10 months of constant use .
 I purchased this product about 3 months ago . I had read all the reviews and decided the people that gave it a negative review did n't quite know what to expect or how to operate it properly . - Leave pools water very clear after running a few cycles when opening pool for season and then periodic use as pool gets dirty from weather/usage . - Cleans to the water line ** -LRB- explain more of this later -RRB- . - Climbs underwater sitting ledges , but wo n't do multiple steps - no big deal though . - Set up is easy as well as tear down . - The Verro is fairly simple in design , therefore making it less likely to break down -LRB- in my opinion - the less moving parts , the better -RRB- . Based on what I 've read from previous customers and having noticed the reasons for their statements/complaints I think they did n't quite have the right expectations . I 'm going to discuss a few and the reasons for them and the solutions -LRB- none of which are complicated -RRB- . When you first open your pool OR after the pool has gotten fairly dirty : - The first thing you should expect is when you first start using the Verro , you should initially put it in your pool using the MESH filter bag . Depending on the size of you pool , let it run for 1-2 hours . THEN , take of the mesh filter bag and put on the FINE filter bag . Then let it run another 1-2 hours . You 'll notice your pool water gets much cleaner this way , especially after the pool filtration system runs a couple times - the water starts looking quite clear . Expect to follow those steps if you have leaves or pine tree buds in your pool - they will reduce the performance of the FINE filter bag too quickly and you wo n't get the results you want if you just start w / the fine filter bag w / too many `` larger '' objects in the pool . - If you just have dirt or pollen -LRB- that has floated to the bottom -RRB- in your pool , then you can start w / using the FINE filter bag . Depending on the amount of dirt in your pool you may or may not need to take the FINE filter bag out to rinse out and then put it back on and run in pool again . ** The reason people are saying it does n't go to the waterline OR gets `` stuck '' in the deep end after a while is b/c the filter bag , either the MESH or FINE , is so full of debris and junk it has sucked up it does n't have the suction/force to push it up to the water line or up the hill to the shallow end . This is especially true of the FINE filter bag . Climbing to the water line is dependent on quick water flow through the filter bag and out the top jets . If the bag is full , water can flow through freely and this will be an issue . Even if all you have is dirt or sand on the bottom , the FINE filter bag does such a good job of catching it that the dirt can clog the filter bag after some time.Take into account that I live in the dusty , windy Southwest
 Exactly what I was looking for and I 'm happy with the results . It gets up to the water level on the sides of the pool and it cleans better than the pool vacume . The only thing to keep watching for is that occasionally it will get stuck on the pool steps . Also , I clean the bag after every run to maintain efficiency .
 I bought this for father 's day for my husband . He gave me the skeptical look , but being a Roomba and Scooba owner I was confident that he would love his robot just as much as I loved mine.He pulled that bad boy outta the box and plopped it into the pool , plugged it in , and away it went . Back and forth , around and around he went . Down the slope , across the weird angles of the deep end . He doesnt go to the water line for us , but I didnt expect that . We have a tiny toe edge all the way around the deep end and it just isnt enough for his wheels to get traction on . I 'm ok with this . I just take my little cleaning mitt out with me when I watch the kids play and clean the waterline myself ... got ta have something to do ... right?In reading the prior reviews we didnt have any of the issues most consumers were dealing with . I expected the thing to stop all the time on the first cleaning ... NOT ONCE did the filter bags fill up ! Cottonwood seeds , plastic toy bits , sand , dirt , leaves , stems and small sticks ... it picked up everything.My husband said , ` this will be nice to get out once a week or so ... ' Its been out every other day ! :D Maybe iRobot will make a tub/shower cleaning robot or a laundry folding robot or a kitty litter cleaner robot ! What ever they make next ... I will try it . What a great company with a quality product !
 I absolutely love `` Trixie '' ... My husband 's `` pool girl '' ! The first time we used her was right after we had our roof reshingled ... Could n't believe all the gravel and dirt `` she '' picked up ! I am completely sold on this robot ! I brush our curved steps and the love seat ... she does all the rest . And cleaning the filter is simple . Could n't be easier . Our pool sparkles !
 I have some polyethylene water tanks -LRB- 1500/2100 gallon -RRB- that collect rainwater for the farm . I 've used the Verro about 4 times to clean them so far it has worked well . The $ 223 for the Verro 100 on Amazon was a good price . It is much easier than emptying the tanks and using a shopvac .
 We have used the Verro 100 several times now . It does a pretty good job cleaning the pool & is very easy to use . The only problem that we have had is that the axle has fallen apart twice now when removing it from the pool , but honestly was very easy to put back together . All in all , we are quite happy with it .
 So easy to operate ... Push a Button ... Easy to Clean Keeps the pool looking good without wearing me out . Reliable and Safe , do n't have to worry if the kids get in too quick . They are safe ... Never again with the hoses and vacuum head and pole ... IRobor Verro 500 Wins by a Land Slide
 1 . easy to use and very clean .2 . Reduce using time of pool filter and saving a lot of electricity .3 . eficiency and save man power .
 I was on the fence about purchasing the IRobot Verro 300 OR the commonly recommended Polaris cleaners . With a $ 100 off coupon and a 30 day risk free trial , I decided to purchase the Verro 300 . We have a large pool -LRB- 20 x 44 -RRB- and I was skeptical that this would work . After a couple weeks of using it and at least 3 calls to the technical support line , we decided to keep it and that overall it works very well . Though it is n't written in the manual -LRB- I learned this from my phone calls -RRB- periodic-filter-bag-cleaning -LRB- for my pool anyway -RRB- translates to machine wash cleaning after each use . For those of you reading this , buy extra filter bags and keep one clean at all times ready to go . I found the hose method of cleaning the filter bag does n't work . Instead , I rinse the bag out with the hose and then I run it through the washing machine on the delicate cycle in cold water . It works great -- climbs the walls to the tile line and gets both the deep and shallow end of my pool . Each time I use the Robot , it seems to go different patterns . Sometimes it runs vertically and others horizontally . My only complaint is it does n't get my shallow end steps . Since I know that , I brush the dirt off the steps before using the Robot.Because the IRobot filters the water , I definitely notice a difference in the water ... it appears amazingly clean and we have n't needed to backwash our pool once . After the first couple weeks and learning the hose method does n't unclogg the filter bag entirely , the Verro 300 cleans my pool in approximately 60-90 minutes . We 're very pleased . It takes approximately 2 minutes to set it up and about the same amount of time to clean it when it 's finished .
 I decided to try the Verro 300 . It did a superb job on most of the pool , but some areas were a problem for it.Verro is a simple device . It has a long floating electrical cord that powers a vacuum pump that sucks water through a filter bag . The water is expelled out at the top horizontally which propels it around the pool . One wheel axle swivels a bit so it does n't always travel a straight line . A power unit sits outside the pool , tells the verro whether to shoot the water out forward or backwards . An adjustment dial allows you to set how long before switching directions.There are two filter bags that come with the verro . A coarse mesh filter bag and a fine cloth filter bag . And the performance with each differs greatly . The coarse mesh filter bag with it 's tiny holes will pick up leaves but it wo n't pick up fine dirt . That 's what you need the fine cloth filter bag for.With the mesh filter bag , the verro does a good job traveling all over the pool . It climbs pool walls well all the way up to the waterline . The fine cloth bag tends to clog ALOT faster . Fine particles of dirt really do a good job of slowing verro down fast . When verro 's filter bags eventually gets clogged it can no longer climb UP a wall . And it also then tends to stick toward the deep end.But whenever verro gets sluggish , you can just pull it out of the water , and clean the filterbag with a garden hose . Then stick it back in . I had a fairly dirty pools from some strong winds . And I had to take verro out twice to clean the filter bags . But otherwise it did a great job.Verro does have some limitations . When it hits a 90 degree angle of a step , it probably wo n't go up it . And a small spa is probably too small for it to operate in . -LRB- I just brush toward the drain in my spa -RRB- And of course it tends to stay toward the deep end , especially if the filter bag is getting dirty.But all in all , I was amazed to see a very nice clean pool after a few two hour runs . Of course manual vacuuming is better . But then you do n't have to spend as much time yourself . And you do n't have to clean the pool filter after using verro . Which is a MAJOR plus.So is this machine worth $ 700 ? It depends on the buyer . Vacuuming by hand the old fashion way is definitely better . You can probably vacuum faster and better than verro . But Verro does save you alot of work . Just brush the few areas Verro misses , and you will have a beautifully clean pool.For me , it was a good investment . I 'm happy with it . And I 'll be using it alot . Especially under a pool cover this winter!btw , there is one more thing you will probably want to get with this . A GFCI adapter for your outlet . A small adapter that plugs into your outlet . It 's only $ 10 - $ 30 . But incase of an electrical surge , it will shut off the electricity . It 's recommended in the Verro manual . They sell it at amazon too .
 I was looking for an automatic pool cleaner that did n't require hoses and potential clogging of the filter . This fit the bill . As a happy customer of Roomba , I decided to give this a try vs other competing products -LRB- e.g. , Aquabot -RRB- . Overall , the device performed very well - It got up all the debris including sand and small stones.My only slight negative is that it had a tendency to orient itself to clean more on the deep end than the shallow end , meaning that I had to run it on a few two hour cycles to get the pool fully covered . Also , in five cleanings so far it got stuck once on my staircase steps , but that might be an artifact of my pool design . Overall , however , so far I am very happy .
 Well , lets see . After 3 years of scrubbing , brushing , hose vacuuming , paying for service . ALL of that is gone !!! Never before have we had our pool water so balanced and clear in only a weeks time . No white residue on the vinyl . If you are thinking of investing in a pool cleaner or sevice , please do not look any further then the Verro 500 . we live in Florida so our pool is open almost year round and this is a real time and money saver because not only will you use less pump time but you will use much less chemicals too . Great Machine and Thank you Irobot . !!!
 I 've been using this robot about 2 weeks now and I am quite pleased with it . In general it does a good job , it collects most of the leaves from the bottom of my pool and climb over most of it 's walls . Where it fails to clean is the round areas at the extreme of the pool , so I have to brush it and make sure the dirt goes to the path that the robot cleans.Is it perfect ? noIs it worth the money - yes.You still need some manual work with it , but it cuts the amount of work you do by 80 % -90 % . Update
 This cleaner is great ! Like the fact that there are no more hoses floating in my pool when swimming . Just a thin cord when using the cleaner . I agree with other users that say that two 2 hour cleaning cycle are required to get the entire pool floor clean , but this is no problem really . I do think the iRobot is overpriced . The exact same cleaner is available elsewhere on the internet under the Pentair Prowler 710 brand or the Aquajet brand for $ 100 less than the iRobot . Another slightly more expensive version is the Aquabot Turbo T-jet . You are paying a premium for the iRobot name .
 Have had it for about a month now . No problems . Easy to use and clean . I have a 16 ` x32 ' inground vinyl . No trees around , but I do get a lot of bugs and sand -LRB- from pavers around the pool -RRB- and a few leaves . The Verro picks them up with no problem . -LRB- actually grabbed a 5 '' twig one time ! -RRB- . Seems to clean about 90 % of the dirt in about an hour for me - many times I turn it off early . No problem with cord tanglement issues -LRB- the cord floats , so it 's out of the way for the most part anyway . -RRB- Climbs walls pretty good too . I have sections that are 90 's and it will climb them about 50 % of the time which I did n't expect . Overall , very happy with it . Gives me time to do other things while it 's cleaning the pool for me !
 This is a great product and i recommend to anyone who is thinking of purchasing one .
 How much can you describe a stain relief other then it helps quite a bit when you have a large yard . It takes the strain off of your arms . It works well
 String trimmers have become bigger and heavier , and not just the four strokes . My two stroke husqvarna straight shaft is ungainly before you put any attachments on it . They should have shoulder straps or at least an eyelet . This product installs in seconds and adjusts in a few minutes to near the balance center . It was a shoulder pad short of five stars .
 Recently purchased the Arnold Universal String Trimmer Strap and really like it . Using my string trimmer for awhile made my arms very tired . With this strap , the pressure is off my arms as my shoulder carries the weight of the trimmer . It is very comfortable and I recommend this product .
 The support belt works as advertised ... . My only criticism is the plastic belt . The webbing is very thin and stiff . As a result , it looks and feels cheap .
 I found this strap to be a comforable fit . It allows me to get more done as it really cut down on arm fatigue . It fits my craftsman trimmer just fine . The price is also good .
 The strap does everything that I expected for an economical price . It was delevered promptly and in good condition . It should work fine for my applications .
 I bought this for my Poulan Pro and it fit just fine . Needed a strap for the new weed eater and this is simply just that , a strap that attaches to the shaft of the weedeater . Works fine .
 I was very happy when I found the String Trimmer Strap at Amazon , by the time I get done trimming the front yard and back yard and sometimes the neighbors yard my arms are shaking . I have n't needed to trim any yard work yet but I know it will take alot of strain off my arms and back with the strap . LOOKING FORWARD to trying it !
 This strap is really helpful . I have never had much luck using a string trimmer because they weigh so much I was never able controled the trimmer enough to get the results I wanted . This strap takes a lot of the weight out of my hands so I can use my hands to control the trimmer and the result is that my yard looks really great .
 The strap was very easy to install , and it worked great . A lot easier to carry the trimmer . It is a universal strap and hardware unit , so it should fit all trimmers .
 I have been looking for a strap such as this for a while . Tried it today and do n't know how I ever used my weedeater without it . Arrived promptly . Very pleased and will order another for a spare .
 I purchased this because I tend to hunch over when using my weedeater . By using the strap , it sure saves wear and tear on my back . Easy to install . Easy to use . I use one of the car seat belt protectors where it hangs on my shoulder and it 's much more comfortable .
 I lost my trimmer strap , so I got this for my Echo gas trimmer.It has a clamp on one end of the strap , which goes around the trimmer shaft , and a clip on the other end of the strap , which snaps onto a ring attached to my trimmer.Makes it much less exhausting to use trimmer.Only issue is
 Pretty neat , I have always used a strap off of an old piece of luggage or whatever I could find . This is certainly a step up .
 Bought this product so I did n't have to hold my weed whacker the hold time I 'm doing my yard maintenance . It works just fine , and the price is perfect !
 nice item . price is good . couldnt have asked for anything more . i was pleased with the overall purchase and everything .
 My trimmer was constantly breaking line . This was due to
 Item ordered was an exact fit for the broken original part and was promptly delivered , all at a reasonable price .
 The review claiming that this is a bad product becasue the bolt was not included is not helpful for two reasons . 1 . bolts are not wear items and are ordered as replacement parts . 2 . It is a reverse thread bolt the reason he destroyed the old bolt was becasue he was turning it the WRONG way . This is a common mistake but not the fault of the seller or manufacturer . I just replaced one of the idlers on my cars belt system and came across a number of similar situations . Some people used long pipes on their wrenches and actually broke off the mounting lug on the car and several broke their wrenches . The product is fine double check your application and turn the bolt the correct direstion . -LRB- reverse normal -RRB-
 When I recieved these blades I thought they would n't fit because of the different shaped center attachment . After a quick phone call to Mowtown they advised me they would fit , and they did ! They fit perfectly and work great too !! Compared to the price of cub cadet blades , these were a great find ! I will definitely be ordering them again !! : - -RRB-
 This mosquito net was definitely worth the money . My wife and I have not had a problem with even one mosquito since we installed it . The net is sufficiently large to cover a queen sized bed and the entry on one side has sufficient overlap so that it does n't open on its own during the night . Our only feedback would be to install a doorway on both sides of the net as that would make it easier for two people to enter and exit .
 this is a fine product . the quality of construction and material are very satisfactory . i 've purchased an additional two nets , based on my satisfaction with the first .
 this canopy is as beautiful as it is easy to hang ... i love it ... my granddaughter , who it was purchased for , loves it . a great buy . it has a rectanglular top and long drape making it fit any size bed .
 A good `` heavy duty `` net with just one opening toworry about at bed time . It has a good overlap , plentyof material and easy to instal .
 This is my third purchase from Longroad and I am very satisfied with the quality and coverage of the Tradewinds canopy .
 Looks lovely and is a generous size , so it fits well over a euro-king -LRB- 2meters x 2 meters -RRB- . Easy to assemble the frame , although it takes a bit of hand strength to push the poles in to place . It does the trick and keeps out the mosquitoes . I did n't give it 5 stars because it would be even better if it were impregnated with mosquito repellent .
 Good , it keeps mosquitos away but not if you happen to sleep to close to it ... . the mosquitos are terrible ... . if you extented well beafore sleeping you will be ok
 I got one of these just to try it near my rabbit 's pen . The pheromone bait that comes with it did n't do anything worth mentioning here , so I began to doubt the efficacy of the design . Boy , was I wrong ! When the original dose dried out , I tried rehydrating it a couple of times , but only lured 5 or 6 flies into the trap . On a whim , I dumped in some beef blood from a package of hamburger I was opening . I added about a half-jar of water to the 3/4 cup of blood , and dropped in a bit of raw meat , too . Three days later the jar is so full of flies I 'm going to have to empty it and start over ! Sex pheromones are all well and good , but flies are drawn to the scent of decay , and `` blood in the water '' takes on a whole new meaning in this context ! Try it ! I do n't know how the ` one-way ' top operates , and I do n't really care . They 're going in , and they 're not coming back out ! Now I have to find a way to open it so the live ones do n't just fly out and get away when I empty the dead ones and refill the trap . Any ideas ?
 As other reviewers have hinted at , the tube of attractant acts as a fairly effective fly repellent . It also repels humans -- the stink is incredible , and is quite possibly worse than the flies.I was an idiot and made the mistake of adding the tube of attractant in my kitchen and without wearing gloves . Do n't do this . I can not find the words to describe how awful this stuff smells . It took 3 days to get the smell off of my hands , despite getting no visible liquid on myself when opening the tube.For almost two weeks , the first trap hung near my backyard chicken coop , an area heavily infested with flies . Nothing . Zip . The flies actually seemed to avoid it . Eventually I added some old turkey & hamburger to the mix , and the flies started building up . In 7-10 days , the bottle was full of flies . It was astounding.Planning on re-setting the trap , I poured in some 91 % isopropyl alcohol , and all flies were all dead within a minute or so . Because of the aroma of the `` phermone attractant liquid , '' I changed my mind , double-bagged and discard the first trap.For my second trap , I threw out the `` bait '' liquid and added some chunks of turkey and cheese . This did OK , but I got much better results from dumping in some chicken poop , something I have in great abundance . After only a couple more days , trap # 2 is half full of flies . I plan on buying a few more of these traps today.I recommend these traps , but strongly advise avoiding the horrendous , useless liquid that comes with it . I gave this only 4 stars , though if you can find them for $ 4.99 -LRB- as I have , -RRB- they get an enthusiastic 5-star rating . The liquid bait gets negative 17 stars .
 We live on a farm and near the forest . Needless to say flies are very abundant . This is the best item I 've ever used . Fly strips would fill up in a day , the wind would blow them onto the siding and make a mess , or just blow them away . The captivator catches thousands of flies , and I 'll admit it 's kind of gross to look at the bottle when it 's full , but better there than on the outside or inside of my house . Great product !
 I bought one of these fly traps 3 weeks ago and it has done a great job of catching flies . Only complaint is that it is n't big enough . By the end of three weeks the trap is 3/4 of the way full !!!
 I 've tried a bunch of fly traps over the years , with varying degrees of success . This one is totally amazing . The first few hours only a couple of flies managed to get into it and I figured it was not going to work . Was I ever wrong !! The thing is literally stuffed with disgusting flies and I am thrilled . I am getting ready to set another trap and order refill attractant .
 I 'm not sure why it did n't work for the other people with the attractant . . I 've had it out on my deck for about 2 weeks and I have over 4 inches of flies . . I did nothing special to get it to work . . I put the attractant in , added some water and put it out . . I even found that it attracts bees as well . . -LRB- we have a swarm living in the outside wall of our house -RRB- I think people should give this a chance . . I actually found the reviews as I was looking to buy more ... -LRB- I found it in a reduced to clear bin as the store was getting rid of them -RRB- I highly recommend it . .
 This product really catches a lot of flies . We are using it in our barn where we keep 3 horses . We are ordering more . This really fills up with flies .
 Really like these gloves . Great for general yard use , working with raspberries , wood , leaves , mowing , etc. . I would highly recommend .
 The Safe-Grasp gloves are incredible . I can grab a rose cane and the thorns break off against the gloves instead of pricking me . I ca n't believe how well these things work , and I 've tried goatskin and various other heavy gloves . The Garden Armor stuff is `` a quantum leap in betterness '' .
 Yes , this cartridge is a type `` B '' . It has a big `` B '' printed on the label ! I too have a 18 ' x 48 '' intex pool and this was the right filter for it !
 I JUST RECEIVED THIS ITEM AND IT IS A TYPE `` B '' FITLER FOR THE LARGER INTEX POOLS . NOT A TYPE `` A '' . I HAVE A 18 ' X 48 '' POOL AND THIS WAS THE RIGHT FILTER .
 This seems to filter the fine sediment much better than the smaller `` A '' cartridge combined with the smaller 1500GPH pump . I purchased the 2500 intex pump as I was dissatisfied with the 1500 pump 's performance . I have the larger 18 ' pool and it simply did n't do the job . Now I have learned to run the filter a few hours per day ... if I use the pool or not . If you rinse the filter out every other day and you should be happy . Each filter last me a few weeks , at least ... providing I keep it rinsed on a regular basis . Seller was very good , too ... a smooth transaction .
 This is a B filter , but it is a different make then the cheap ones sold at walmart . The inside of this filter has holes cut out so the water is forced through better , the B filters at walmart are cheap and have a plastic spacer in the middle for clorine tabs , This B filter goes straight through . I have tried both B filters , and this is the best one to use
 We have an Intex 18 x 48 pool . The filters we need are size `` B '' . This order was perfect ! The size is perfect . Our local Wal-Mart -LRB- which did n't even have the size `` B '' until a couple of weeks ago -RRB- carries a much smaller size `` B '' filter and it wo n't work on our pool . The price we paid for these filters was cheaper than Wal-Mart and we are pleased . We will be ordering these again through Amazon !
 I used to buy these filters at Walmart but the local store stopped selling them . It 's for our 18 ` x48 '' Intex Easy Set Pool . I upgraded the pump from the one it comes with . Eight years ago , the pumps that came with the pool were bigger.I 'm quite satisfied with the filter . It lasts me for 2-3 weeks , rinsing it every 4-7 days . Water is `` Crystal Clear '' !!! Summer fun for the young kids ! All at a reasonable price !
 works great and rinses great . what can i say ? just It 's cheaper than most i 've seen and now I am gon na order a case !
 This is a replacement filter for the Intex pump.It does a good job filtering the pool water.It is a very good buy at Amazon.comExcellent buy .
 Great price on my case of pool filters - never could have found them this cheap . They are exactly as shown in picture .
 First it 's the only game in town . The Easy Pool filters have ther own replacement cartriges and there is no generic brand available to my knowlege . You can clean them but the tiny micro particals will remain traped in the filter . You really have to replace them as soon as you get tired of washing them off . When I have to clean the filter cartridge more than once a week . I replace it . I get cleaner water , better circulation due to increased pump presure , actually that is due to less restriction in flow . I do not waste water from atempting to clean them and they are not that costly . Everyone conditions vary but for me , I find I change the filter every month or two depending on a lot of variables . Wind , rain pool use , pollen , dirt and many more things efect the need to clean and replace the filter . Writeing a reveiw for this filter is kind of pointless . First Amazon has this filter catagorized as a toy ? Ok that needs to be corrected . Since we have no choice we have to buy it , reveiws are a moot point with the exception of the seller info . I bought direct from Amazon and had no issues with value or shipping .
 Do n't replace these things every 2 weeks like the package says . That is so wasteful and just plain wrong . I have used 1 filter for almost 2 seasons and it still looks great . I take it out every 2 weeks and rinse it with the hose . Use a spray setting , not a powerful stream or you 'll blow a hole in it ! I spend about 2-3 minutes rinsing it and it is nearly as white as the day I bought it . Seriously ... no more then 3 minutes to do it and I am watering the plants at the same time from the runoff .
 This product was exactly what I wanted . Item shipped quickly even though it was ordered over the holiday weekened . Mis-classified under toys so it was more difficult to find .
 This filter works great with the proper pump/filter combination . I was able to locate the exact same filter at Wal-Mart , which was cheaper since I did n't have to spend over $ 8 to have it shipped . Good filter .
 It kept the pool cleaner and made less work for me ... thats always good.I bought this extra to allow for faster clean ups
 These filters work great and can be rinsed a few times before having to use a new one . Buying them in bulk can also save a few dollars as opposed to purchasing them locally .
 works great , in my opinion , does not last long enough . Must replace or clean every week . Sometimes more then once a week .
 Amazon seems to think this is a toy to review , but it is a pool filter . It works fine , though you do need to clean them frequently . We like having several on hand to rotate and clean/dry . The price is up and down at Amazon , so also try checking at Walmart , etc. for the cheapest price .
 The suggested life of the cartridge is 2 weeks but after 8-9 days I can tell the filter needs to be changed . I even tried hosing it off every other day to extend the life of it , but I ca n't get it to last longer than 10 days tops!It gets very costly to replace every 9 days . My filter pump struggles when the filter needs to be changed.Otherwise , it does the job and is very easy to replace .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- . After replacing the filter , the unit was still giving me a `` low water flow '' message.It turned out that there were pine needles in the intake hose before the filter . After removing the pine needles everything worked right again.If my star review seems odd , it is because I was asked to rate a swimming pool filter as a toy .
 They were very quick to send the product . WE love our new filter and the new pump ! Great place !
 The intex filter performed as expected . It must be changed every couple of weeks , so order enough to get you through the hot days of summer . Sometimes I do rinse them out or use a filter cleaner to extend their usefulness .
 We purchased a 3 pack of this type of filter and they were exactly what we were looking for . We had not been able to find them at any local suppliers so we were getting desperate as our pool was green and unusable at that time . They work great and fit the filter system just right . Will make another order soon as we want to make sure we do not run out again . Glad to find a good supplier that ships extremely fast as well .
 These filters work great . They seal properly so that debris does not pass undr the filter and back into the pool .
 The Intex Website shows this : Item No . For Filter Pump Models Dimensions Type59900 02 , 12/12R , 108R 04-1/4 '' x 8 '' AThe Amazon website shows this to be for 12R/108R pumps . Easy enough to figure out !
 This is a good value for replacement canopy cover . Easy install with the only adjustment being the top framework of the gazebo so the top cover would fit properly . Easily enough to do and then slipping the bottom cover on and zipping it to the top cover . Just velco the sides to the frame and its done . Looks nice and held up well during a violent thunderstorm with winds blowing nearby trees down .
 This replacement Top is of pretty good quality . . The top tier fit a little loose but is funtional . . The rest of the top was a really good fit . . I am glad I purchased it , and would again . . Good fitting velco strips also . .
 This canopy is thicker than the one that came with my gazebo but it faded very quickly . I would definitely buy another one , but I think I would just stick with tan because I do n't think the fading would be so obvious .
 The area I have to till is like concrete . This tiller just went through it with no effort at all
 Dollar for dollar this tiller is one of the best bargains on the market today . Heavy enough to do the job but reasonably priced . Rare combination today . One weak point is the belt drive system . Belts normally shrink and expand with changes in temperature caused by heavy use . Spring tension pulls idler pulley to engage the belt when levers are squeezed on either handle . Several holes are available to increase/decrease this spring tension . Problem is its difficult to get to with the cover in place . Answer is to remove the cover and leave it off . This of course does n't make the OSHA people too happy , but I can avoid belt failure by keeping an eye on the belt while using . For $ 599 at True Value hardware it came with front weight and front bumper . Great deal . Try to find a better deal .
 Still kicking A ** after 3 years . orward and reverse , counter rotating tines . Love it . Quality at a great price !
 The tiller arived in good shape . I started it and it ranfine . I have n't used it yet , but I have great expectations.The tiller tines can rotate in both directions whichis what I wanted .
 I use this tiller twice . I have not use any other tillers before . I can not compare between tillers . I found it to be easy to handle . It get the job done , it was not hard on me at all . I am sure the rear tine tiller is suppose to be `` better '' . Check their price and you will come back to this . I got this on sale for $ 299 and free shipping from Amazon . I can not ask for more . The motor is plenty powerful , my yard has not been tilled since -- forever -- , it is like rock . In fact I went and check the Craftsman rear tine tiller that cost about $ 500 if it goes on sale , it use the exact same motor
 I ordered the Poulan Front Tine Tiller on June 10th and received it on June 19 , 2007 . The assembly instructions were very easy to follow . I put gas in it and it started on the first pull . If you follow the operating instructions it performs great . Most people go full throttle in hard ground and get bounced all over the place . Follow the instructions and allow the tiller to do the work and you will be very happy ! I 'm tall and found that the handle can be raised and it works great for me . I definitely recommend this tool .
 My town -- Hamden , CT -- truly got hammered
 I keep this along with my Snow Joe snow broom in my drunk during the winter . With the weather we are getting , it 's better to be on the safe side .
 fits easily in the trunk and can move more snow than most compact snow shovels . Well made and rugged . Highly recommend it .
 The suncast 11 inch automotive shovel is compact and light weight and very easy to use especially when you are stuck in the snow.I would recommend it anytime.That is why I bought more than one .
 These loppers are very nice quality . It cuts smaller branches with little effort . The larger size brances , -LRB- it claims to cut up to 1 1/2 inches -RRB- , I do not have the strength to cut . But these really helped me .
 This is a quality piece of yard furniture sure to last a lifetime . I assembled it by myself with very little difficulty . It looks lovely in my prayer garden .
 To be honest I was n't sure what to expect with the quality of this product , after all living in a snowy area in the winter I tend to go through a new shovel every year . I wo n't have to do that with this one , with most shovel blades being only tacked on with a nail , I was very pleased when I found this one was screwed on but not in just one place but two , as was the D-grip handle.The steel shaft with textured coating made the grip easy to handle and non-slip . With the first snow of the season just last week it was easy going and very fast . I would definatly recommend this product to others for it 's quality and strength .
 This is the most sturdy snow shovel I 've ever seen , but chipping 1-2 inch thick ice for 100 yards on my drive caused the 2 of the rivets on the metal edge to separate from the shovel . Suncast sent me a brand new one . That 's strong support ... and this is a strong shovel .
 I have always had good experiences with Suncast products , so I had high expectations for this shovel . Those expectations were met and exceeded . The shovel is high quality construction , does n't warp , and appears as though it will survive several seasons -LRB- it 's lasted one so far -RRB- . Disclaimer
 These shovels were available when everyone else was out , for 36.04 + 10.77 S&H -LRB- I ordered 2 -RRB- . After a few uses , they seem to be as good as new , with no sign of wear yet on the wear strip . The steel core handle is an advantage ; durability should exceed that of the wooden ones , which tend to weather , and the unreinforced ones , which jacknife too easily . The shovel part has a scoop shape , which holds more snow that other kinds . Shipping was n't lightning fast , but reasonable ; I ordered December 21 , 2007 , shipping estimate was Dec 24-26 , actual was Dec 27 . UPS uncharacteristically misrouted the package , with delivery on Jan 2 instead of Dec 28 . Ironically , it 's a 40 minute drive from the original shipping point to my house . Overall I give the product a good recommendation .
 Durability , Reliability , dare I say . . Sensuality . This is without a doubt the sexiest snow shovel/pusher ever conceived . I highly recommended this to anyone and everyone that wants to get things out of the way . I thought the scoop portion was actually going to be made out of metal -LRB- for some reason -RRB- , but I quickly warmed up to the solid build the heavy duty plastic provides . If you 're paying anymore money for a snow shovel they 're ripping you off . This is the one to get .
 This is big enough to move a good amount of snow without being too big . I like the scoop design of this as works better for me than the pusher style . It 's relatively light but is very sturdy . The handle is plastic coated metal and the wear strip on the bottom is a must.I also use this for scooping up piles of mulch and compost to spread around the yard . They work great for this .
 This is my second Suncast shovel . The first one lasted about 10 years . It is still intact , but the metal edge has warped so the shovel is no longer flat . I use the shovel on a concrete driveway , and need it to be flat so I can scrape the snow down to bare concrete . I liked the shovel so much , and it lasted so long , that I have no hesitation in buying another one .
 I have owned this shovel for over 7 years . Did n't think it would last 2 years . Not only do I use it but all my neighbors do too . Everyone that uses it wants one for themselves . If you can find one , buy it . Best 15.00 dollars I 've spent .
 this is a very sturdy shovel . better than anything I could find at lowes or HD . best of all is that it shovels snow .
 Great Shovel . . very well built . Should withstand scraping snow/ice . Company was very expedient in shipping . . exceeded promise date bya couple days .
 I received it in record time -- naturally the snow events ended for us here in the southand there was n't any more `` global warming '' to shovel off the driveway.But the shovel looks well made ... light weight ... and is ready to go for next season .
 bought this as a joke gift ... . our son lives in NM in the desert ... not suppose to snow ... . got socked in for 3 days ... no shovel ...
 Got to finally use this snow shovel and it works great . The extra wear strip on the bottom is terrific for the icy build-up that the North East winters get . The shovel is extremely light , but extra sturdy . Have it hung up in the garage and I feel it will last for quite a few season . If I need another one , I 'm definitely buying this one again .
 I 've tried a variety of snow shovels and all except this one have had major flaws . Other shovels are too wide making the snow too heavy to lift , blades are too fragile or handles too long , narrow , etc. . The Suncast works great - it 's a perfect size for Sierra snow , which can be heavy . The handle is solid and easy to grip . It 's good for pushing and lifting . Blade surface is smooth and limits snow build-up and extra weight . The only complaint I have is that the wear strip can separate from the shovel , creating a small gap or even coming completely loose from shovel . I consider this natural under the difficult conditions I use the shovel . The good news is you can order a replacement wear strip and fasteners from Suncast to repair the shovel and keep it going . Great piece of equipment and highly recommended .
 I got this during the 2010 OK Ice storm when there was not a shovel to be found anywhere in the state . It came quick and saved my family from having our car buried under more snow then it could ever hope to get out of . I brought it with me to Germany where I get far more use out of it and am still not regretting the purchase . Durable , light , effective .
 We used this shovel most of last winter without issue . It is sturdy and has a good edge for when the snow is icy or wet . Its design also allows for easy pushing of light snow .
 I bought this to replace the same type of shovel that I have been using for many years . This is a good shovel and should provide many years of service . This was the closest model to the one I had . They both are 20 '' wide but my current shovel seems to have a greater capacity than the new one . No fear - my back wecomes it .
 Arrived within a few days . I had purchased this same model snow shovel about 10 years ago and it is still doing great . Just wanted a second one .
 Bought 2 of these because all the stores where sold out of shovels after the first storm Maryland got hit with and they worked great for the second round of 3 foot snow ! Had a small drive but we used them to clear 3 driveways and about 200 feet of sidewalk . No breaks or cracks . Since moving to New England we have a snow blower but these were the first shovels -LRB- we now have 8 -RRB- we reached for when clearing the sidewalks ! The metal strip really helps get the snow packed tire tracks up .
 Needed a new snow shovel during the bad storms the east coast got this year . Read the reviews of this product and decided to buy it . One of the best purchases I have ever made . Strong , sturdy , well built , a must buy if you need a snow shovel . A definate back saver .
 I bought two of them this winter . I used them for cleaning roofs due to the very hard winter in Maine . They worked great ! I would recommend them.Jeff
 Am doing landscape maintenance and bought this shovel for scooping leaves , not snow . It works great for pushing leaves/trimmed plant material into large piles and off of sidewalks onto burlap . You can push very large scoops/piles of leaves/plant debris although I do n't think it would be very good for snow/heavy debris .
 These are great they really help hold the tiki torches I bought . I have them pounded into the ground deep enough that I can mow right over top of them and put the torch back when done . They hold the tikis better then just jamming the stick in the dirt . Buy these else where like a super center as the shipping online is expensive .
 This product seems to be pretty good quality and should live up to the test . The screw fixing makes it flexible to suit different torch sizes .
 These Torch Stakes work great . They keep the Tiki Torch nice and straight and secure . They are well worth the minimal cost !!!
 Every store that sells tiki torches should have to display these right next to them . The standard bamboo steak incorporated into the torch is just not safe enough with a flaming bottle of gas wobbling atop a four foot stick .
 order these to use for my halloween fence . have been looking for a easy way to put it up every year . these work great !
 Duraco #S 1220 RASP 12-1/4 Rasp Satin PlanterPots are gorgeous .2 of the 12 '' will be for Japanese Blood Grass the other 2 12 '' will be for mums that I will plant next spring little plants then they grow and in the winter simply bury the pots with the plants Duraco pots work great for burying The 4 pots 9 '' I got will be for planting pink daffodil bulbs this fall to bloom in the spring . Raspberry color of the pots is simply stunning
 This is a very cute floor mat . I originally intended to use it at my front door , but decided to bring some color into our kitchen instead . I use it in front of the sink and it makes standing on our concrete floors much more comfortable . My toddler loves to roll it up and tote it around the house . My only complaint is that the edge pieces occasionally pop out of place leaving sharp staples exposed . The pieces are easy enough to hook back on , but if you did n't notice they were missing right away , you might get a nasty poke in your foot . I would definitely buy this again and have no regrets about purchasing this item .
 I purchased this item for our summer cottage , so it really adds to the pleasant and fun image of the situation . Fast shipping was a plus .
 This small doormat is fine but I was disappointed that it did notmatch the larger doormat that was ordered at the same time . Does not need to beexact , but same colors used would look nicer since they are only a few feet apart , oneoutside the living room and the other outside the bedroom , on lanai .
 The batteries they put in these are wimpy little 600 mAh rechargables . They only lasted a few hours after dark . I replaced them with some 2250 mAh and there 's a big difference.Brighter , stronger , longer !
 i order two lights and found that one battery was installed worng in each one . I also change the batteries to 2600 mAH AA and got over 7 hours of light . this are veary nice lights
 Just what I was looking for . It arrived promptly , was easy to put together and hopefully this weekend , it will be out in my garden ~
 I enjoy my wheelbarrows very much . We found them to be of excellent quality . I had many wonderful comments about them.I was very happy to have found them and ca n't wait til theSpring to put them out again.Thank you
 It was beautiful !! Just be careful when unwrapping it ! Do it on a large cushioned place . I made the mistake of doing it on a tileFloor , I broke some pieces of the birds he was holding . Great item and price .
 I have n't used it yet , I have it as a spare part in the event that it is needed . I would also like to have the remaining springs and electrical coil , that make up this valve .
 Was thrilled when I found a flag with a dragon fly on it , looks beautiful and really stands out and very good quality .
 Love this flag as it is very pretty , delicate and not cornball like a lot of other garden flags . We live in a very wet , forest like area so we gets LOTS of dragonflies so I thought this was very appropriate for summer !
 This flag is top quality , well made and is lovely hanging out in front of my home . It makes me happy , and hopefully everyone who sees it feels the same . It is now my very favorite summer flag .
 I ordered this flag because of the beautiful dragon flies on it . I was most impressed when it came and the dragonflies are so bright and real like . The colors are vibrant and so alive . I would definately order again .
 If you love dragonflies you will love this flag !!! It looks great in front of any home . We placed it at our garage for a great accent !!! Blends in with any decor .
 I have been shopping for a new spring flag for our house for a long time and I have n't seen anything that is n't cutesy , childish , or too busy . This is apparently a tall order!I was browsing through Amazon when I found this Toland flag and I liked it instantly and ordered it without hesitation . It arrived today , just a few days after I ordered it -LRB- and earlier than the estimate -RRB- . It is a nice , non-obnoxious yellow and is the standard size -LRB- 28 x 40 -RRB- . Up close it 's like most artwork you see in galleries - it 's a little less smooth . Then once you hang it and see it from a distance , it 's gorgeous . I have a very thick flag pole and it was not a problem.The material feels like protected fabric and the packaging mentions that it 's permanently dyed , weatherproof , fade and mildew resistant , 600 denier polyester . It also says that their flags are created from original artwork exclusively made for Toland . I feel great knowing that there is n't going to be any other houses with anything remotely similar to this . It is bright , beautiful , artistic , and conveys the feeling of spring nicely .
 The pot arrived within a few days of ordering . I really liked the shape and color . I noticed that it did not sit well on a flat surface , so I contacted the sender . They explained that they were hand made and designed to sit on an uneven surface . They said I could return it for a full refund or keep it and receive a 50 % discount . I opted to keep it and changed the place where I displayed it so it sits better . Very good company to deal with .
 got it when they said it would be here . it was what I expected.Good , fair deal .
 Good after market air filter . Fits the same as the OEM type and same quality .
 clearex worked great . just like it was supposed to . easiest way i know of , to leach potted soil .
 Replacement for factory part , pretty straight forward . Fits , works ... what more can you ask for out of a lawn mower filter ?
 I bought this charger a few weeks ago and so far I 've been pleased with it . I 'm using it to recharge AA and AAA batteries for use in a variety of household devices , as well as my cell phone . It does need direct sun to charge , but I 've been successful using it indoors through a window if its pointed directly at the sun .
 These pots have a beautiful artisan feel . I will be using them for a landscape design incuding a flowering bonsai , and am very excited . The firing is beautiful , the simplicity of the design adding to the loveliness of the finished product .
 They plant they shipped was in a container and has been well taken care of by the grower . It was having orderly growth on it and is doing well in a big pot .
 I ordered my plant on Monday . It was shipped on Tuesday and arrived Friday . It was extremely well packaged . There was both an outer box over 5 feet tall with an inner box around the upper part of the plant to stabilize it . There was also a stake in the pot to which the plant was tied in 4 places to further stabilize it . The plant was in excellent shape and when I finally unboxed it , I was amazed , because it was over 5 feet tall ! Shipping it in its own soil is also a great idea , as all I had to do was unbox it and pop it into my sunroom with a tray underneath to catch the water . I will repot it next week when I have time .
 They delivered a green plant full of foliage with new shoots and ready to flower . I have no doubt I will be eating ripe guavas this year.The plant is close to 5 feet and full of life.I recently ordered some other plants online from a grower that rhymes with stone and I all got was a bunch of bare root whips . If you want a well packed , protected , beautiful and healthy plant Clifton 's is the only choice . I will order all my plants , vines and trees from them . Pay a little more and and you will get a TOP plant .
 I have a lava rock plant and wanted something other then a plastic water holder . This is just what I was looking for . I can water my lava and keep it wet . A great find !
 My mother mentioned that she could no longer find &#34; Water-In &#34; for the plants in their yard . I got online and searched and found this product for her . She says it is really nice and it only takes a 1/4 teaspoon or so to make a difference when mixed with water . Great service and it was delivered before she knew it .
 PRODUCT WORKED AS ADVERTISED . IT HELPED TO GUARD THE PLANTS . INSECTICIDE STUCK TO LEAVES WITHOUT ANY HARM TO PLANTS AND CROPS
 Works as promised but a little over priced in my opinion . I think it 's just weak liquid soap that is bio-degradeable .
 I really like the fact that this product is organic , and can be used in sprays instead of soap .
 Simple assembly with hammer and nails.Appears to have the bases covered as it is non-toxic , rough cut with mesh for the bats to grab on , and it 's deep enough . The designer definitely did their homework when making this box.Hasn ' t yet attracted bats , but that takes time.Easy and fun nature project .
 These blades are heavy duty , better than the ones that came on my lawnmower . I would purchase again . I am well satisfied .
 This 2 foot high metal mesh fence is perfect for fencing off an area of your garden to create a special flower bed , compost pile , whatever . It is well made , sturdy , and just does the job .
 I live in two different houses and have had mice in both . 12 years ago my husband and I bought two of these devices . The mice were gone the next day and have never returned . Stay at my mother-in-laws several days a week and removed her mice with these . I bought cheaper ones at first and they did n't work . These always work . I love them and much as I do n't like mice in my houses . They work perfectly . I 've had good service from the company as well to answer questions I had about how many to buy per house . You 'll love these things and they are safe .
 I purchased this product for our 1300 square foot condo last week , since we were plagued with earwigs and spiders . Bug sprays were of little benefit . Since installing this single unit , we have not had a single bug . Our Maltese does not seem to be bothered . Hopefully this will continue to perform as well for years to come .
 I had beetles in my kitchen cabinets and countertops . I tried to control them , but nothing worked . Then I got the Lentek Pest Control II . This product got the beetles . I could n't get over how well this product works.I 'm going to use this product in my living room . It is completely safe for my dog . I highly recommend it .
 My experience with this product has been much better than the earlier reviewer . I have used it with logs up to 14 inches in diameter , and did not have any problems . Sometimes a longer handle is needed to increase the lifting torque , so I just slide a `` cheater bar '' onto the end . Yes , there are some that are more expensive , but this is a good product for the casual user .
 This Jack is exactly what I was looking for . Have n't been able to use it yet . Hence my name lazyboy . Due to the weather and work schedule , I have n't used it .
 This is a great product , though I noticed it was also available at H o m e D e p o t for ~ $ 1.50 each . It was very easy to install . One suggestion to buyers is to not crank down on the screws . Since there are only two screws on opposite , diagonal corners , the corners without the screws will bend into the hole . But if you unscrew it a bit , the bend will go away and it will sit flush against the wall .
 Installed this for a 1 gang low voltage setup . It holds securely to the wall , and is adjustable for whatever thickness of drywall you have . There are holes in each corner to help mark the outline of the opening with a pen or pencil . The screws that hold this to the wall work much better than the aluminum folding type I previously used . I have also used the 2 gang version of this and it works great .
 I 'm not an electrician , but I needed a sturdy base on which to mount a wall plate for my speaker cables . I did n't even know this type of product existed until I discovered in on Amazon . It was a perfect solution for my needs , and was easy to install . A template is included in the package , so the hole cut into your wall will be a perfect match for the bracket .
 Spend the extra money and buy this type of low voltage gang box , not the cheapo metal brackets . It 's like night and day . After using this once , I changed all the others out to this type .
 I absolutely LOVE this garden bench , which has become the central command post of my potting shed and the hub for various kinds of gardening projects . I really appreciate the generous size of the bench , the storage shelf underneath -LRB- where I keep my trugs , pots , soil and amendment bags , etc. -RRB- , and the drawer . I really wanted the drawer to be on the right side rather than the left , which turned out to be possible with a very simple adjustment to the directions . A very useful tool for a serious gardener .
 The potting table arrived in good time and in good condition . It was easy to assemble and better than others that I looked at on the Internet . This purchase also had cheaper shipping expenses than the first website I tried for this same potting bench , which refused to allow me to order it after correcting a typo in my zip code . It repeatedly told me there was something wrong with the info I entered . That site was difficult to use . Your site was easy to use , intuitive . It was a pleasure using your site and the potting table is exactly what I expected . Thank you . - ss
 I 'll never say that I 'm happy to wake up for work everyday , but the Oregon Scientific makes it so much more tollerable . This clock is so full of custom features , that it can really suit anyone 's needs . The visual display is really easy to read / see , and the weather preview has always been very accurate . The best thing about this clock is the selection of alarms that you can wake up to ... you have a selection of various piano keys or chords that play slowly at first , which then builds a crescendo until you either snooze or turn off the alarm . SO much more pleasant to wake up to than barking on the radio or a loud , irritating beeping . Overall , I love it .
 I admit to being very pleasantly surprised at how well this works . I admit that I was skeptical , and figured it could n't be that much better than digging a small hole with a hand shovel . But it 's inexpensive and I figured it was worth a try.As a disclaimer , I was using this on freshly tilled soil , so the first few inches were loose and easy to penetrate . I ca n't say how well it would work on hard-packed soils or clay , though it did n't seem to have too much trouble going a little deeper than the tilled soil -LRB- and we do have a lot of clay -RRB- . One of the biggest advantages , for me , was how well the hole kept its shape . Usually , when you shovel out dirt you have to take more than one scoop and inevitably you get a bit of a dirt-slide , refilling a bit of the hole . With this tool there was none of that , and each bulb-hole was a simple , one-step operation . Refilling the hole was also very easy , the core of dirt slotting perfectly back into place.Planting a lot of bulbs will make your forearm sore , however , as the ` release the dirt ' mechanism is a bit on an effort to work . Still , it does make planting bulbs faster , so for that it 's worth the -LRB- very affordable ! -RRB- price .
 I purchased this plant over a year ago ... Very easy to care for ... still looks great in my kitchen window .
 damn good spreader . built well . however instructions are not very clear on assembly . this is very good for large driveways and sidewalks . customers should try this unit for all types of salt .
 When I saw this plant I was awed by the flower . I did n't care if the plant was small . When I received the plant it was a little wilted and droopy , but I watered it and it perked right up . I 've had it now for almost three weeks and its growing like crazy . I 'm already going to have to replant it . That was not expected .
 The small Alpha Evolutions windchime is 11 '' long , but this includes the hanger and spherical wire dangle . The wooden header and chimes are less than half of the overall length and about 1 1/2 '' wide . The four silver chimes are 1/4 '' solid silver rods 3 '' to 3 1/2 '' long , with a bead striker . The tuned chimes have a soft delicate sound . It 's quality made and perfect for hanging inside the kitchen door out of the reach of children and pets . All parts are strung together , so it clearly is intended for indoor use .
 Pure , clear sound . Stylish AND durable . I can not rave enough about any of Woodstocks ' chimes ... I have owned many for years and they sound just as good today as they did the day I bought them . These copper bells are another great addition ... I decided to get them instead of the Temple Bells since they had a little deeper range . Glad I did ! Highly , HIGHLY recommend .
 I bought this for my mom when she moved into a new apartment . The chimes are very pretty and were really appreciated . They also make a lovely sound .
 Bought these for my daughter and she loves them . The sizes of the wood pieces and bells are much larger than expected . Very nicely made and provides delightful gentle tones . Very pleased with this item and highly recommend them .
 Delivered on time and as advertised . Would purchase again . I am attempting to make this short and sweet as what more can you say about a simple drip irrigation item ?
 The prefilter fits the paper element I picked up locally for my mower . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 What a pleasant suprise !! The tools are lightweight but perform like heavyweight tools . The tongs lock when they are not in use , thereby saving space . The longer length is useful when a full grill is cooking . The price may seem high , but these are high quality tools and will last a long time . Very comfortable in the hand .
 Nice unit , light weight , easy to carry . I 've had electric for some time and the cord has become a problem so decided to try this . Very good . It does n't have wheels , but the light weight makes up for that for short hauls . Two wands give good choices of washing options . Overall a slick unit.Only regret was seeing the same unit new in about 3 weeks after purchase for $ 90 less . I 'm seeing more and more of this with my Amazon purchases . I used to depend on the prices remaining competitive for considerable time , but it 's seeming that Amazon 's price tends to be higher that other reputable places , even after shipping is taken into account .
 If you are thinking about a pressure washer this one is great . . Easy to use and move around . . Good pressure . . I would buy another . . One thing that does bug me . . I do n't really like the siphon feed for adding detergent etc. . That could have been done better but I have used it many times without it and I think this pressure washer is fine . .
 This bag is a handy way to grow a steady supply of sprouts , especially if you have two and stagger the starting of the sprouting . Just a quick dip or rinse with the hose attachment at the sink , or just hold under the faucet , then hang over the sink or over a bowl . Love the nutritious sprouts that are ready to eat in just a few days ! I had to learn not to start quite so many seeds , as I am the only sprout eater in my family and I had a lot ruin before I could eat them !
 This set is all you need at the BBQ !!! It does it all , and is of good quality . Great price too !! Thanks Amazon.com .
 I ca n't say enough good things about this trap . The only experience I ever had trapping animals was with gophers when I was a kid . The toughest part of that was rigging the trap so it worked correctly . I knew setting traps took some talent and I had neither the will or time to learn trap setting for my small squirrel problem . In short this trap is incredible . Made in the USA , HIGH quality and super easy . You literally pull up the handle and it sets . Toss a platter of peanut butter in the back and you have hours of entertainment . I say hours because your squirrels will be gone in hours . I caught them as fast as I put the trap out -LRB- Many times with me in the yard -RRB- . I called my frequent trips to the city park the Squirrel Express :P Now I have no squirrels and lots of tasty strawberries and tomatoes to eat ! This trap will not disappoint .
 After three weeks of trial and error , I finally caught my first squirrel . I started with the Havahart 1025 and found my prey kept getting away . I realized the trap was too small for the little bugger because my bait would disappear even after the trap had sprang . I took it back and got me the next biggest trap that Lowes carries
 Had skunks nesting under a concrete step in our backyard . Caught the first one the first night I set the trap and the secondone a few days later . If you 're trying the trap a skunk , recommend covering up the back 1/3 of the trap -LRB- where the bait is placed -RRB- with duck tape or a small towel . If not , they 'll simply reach through the side and steal the bait . Use peanut butter to trapskunks - they love the stuff . Once trapped , simply approach the cage holding a large towel and cover the trap . Easy to release trapped animalby simply pulling up on the handle . Both times , skunks made no attempt to spray even though I was right behind the cage . . they just ran awayglad to be free .
 I 've caught two of those devils in less than 10 days . The trap is very easy to use and sucessful if you use a bit of common sense like hiding your scent with a spray of apple cider and leaving a trail of bait starting outside of the trap .
 This is the size trap you need for gray squirrels . Once tripped they will not escape from this trap . The problem with this trap is it is hard to trip . You can smear peanut butter on the trip plate and they will clean it off without tripping . If you put the peanut in a tray past the trip plate they will either step over the plate or they step on it and it does n't trip . What I had to do is to put a large wooden matchstick under the trip handle . This effectively partially tripped it . You want something as thick as you can put under the handle without tripping it yourself.The second problem is this trap has large openings in the wire mesh . Much larger than my 50 year old Havahart trap . The squirrels will be able to get their paw out through the openings . So if you put the trap on a deck the deck can get scratched up . And the holes are large enough that a raccoon can reach in to grab the bait . But their arm will get stuck at some point . When they pull their arm out the trap will be moved , and sometimes it will trip.The recommended way to bait the trap is to smear peanut butter on a 3 '' x 3 '' piece of aluminum foil and place beyond the trip plate . I spread the peanut butter out , as the increased surface area increases the smell . You do n't need a lot . You are n't trying to feed them.If your reason for relocating squirrels is that they have learned how to get into your supposedly squirrel-proof bird feeder , then it is possible to relocate all the knowledge . The new squirrels that move into the territory wo n't know how to get into the feeder . At least for a while .
 Bought this through Amazon as my first cage trap ever . It came in great condition . The cage is very well made.The cage is really easy to use . I can open and release the catch without even touch the squirrels or been touched by the animal inside . It 's also comparatively big which will make the caught animal a little more comfortable , a plus . And I have no doubt it can also catch smaller animals like mice.The cage works great if you can figure out what is the right bait to use . I use sunflower seeds since the squirrels around seem like it a lot . I just caught and expelled the 2nd squirrel this morning.Highly recommended .
 I 've had the conventional Havahart traps for years , and have caught innumerable squirrels who were stealing birdseed . But the old traps were always a pain to set . They required lots of fiddling , and like an old-fashioned mousetrap , they would often trigger just as you were setting them down.The `` Easy-Set '' feature is a MAJOR improvement . But as some others have noted , without tweaking , it requires too much weight to trigger it . And squirrels are dainty on their feet!Here 's the trick
 The first few days were not very successful . Once I changed the bait to an inexpensive commercially available mix -LRB- which consisted of sunflower seeds , field corn , and peanuts in the shell -RRB- , everything changed !!! I have trapped and relocated 10 squirrels in two weeks . I did not have to make any adjustments to the trap just set it and walk away . The squirrels were unable to get out until I released them to their new home . My only regret is that I did n't purchase this trap sooner !
 does what I want it to do , which is catch the annoying tree rats -LRB- squirrels -RRB- so I can deport them 5 miles away so that I can eat my peaches this year.I did have some early problems with sensitivity of the trip plate . followed what another person who reviewed it did , which was put a small match or random mulch/twig in between the handle you pull back and the top of the cage . makes it take only a slight pressure to set off and close door now = foolproof.i just put a dollop of peanut butter in a small dish at the back of the cage and they come running .
 This trap is the perfect size for gray squirrels . Using unsalted roasted peanuts in the shell as bait , caught 11 in a two week period . As one of the other reviewers suggested , I used a 1/4 in stick as a shim under the handle when setting the trap to decrease the amount of pressure needed on the treadle to spring the door . The trap is sturdy and well constructed .
 After researching all the reviews for various Havahart Traps I was getting disheartened -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- with the descriptions of fiddling with some wire which did n't always work ... and then ... I read about the 1084 ... really the trap for `` dummies '' and settled on this one . When I received it my granddaughters were here and they took over with the peanut butter on the bread and flipped the set handle , put it outside to catch the first pesky squirral . Within 4 hours we caught the first squirral and relocated it to a forest preserve five miles away ... according to one of the reviews advice that they can sometimes find their way back . Since then we have caught more ... maybe my many planters of beautiful flowers will have a chance this year . THANKS HAVAHART !!! P.S. I take the trap in at night because I do n't want to catch a skunk , possum , or baby raccoon on their nocturnal rounds .
 This trap works great for catching squirrels . So far , I 've caught 9 squirrels in 3 weeks , and just like other reviewers , I found that I had to tape a match stick -LRB- or something similar -RRB- to the top so that when the handle is down all the way , it would trip easier . Without it , a squirrel could practically sit on the trip plate and it would n't go off . If it was n't for this , I would have gave it 5 stars . For bait , I place a paper plate under the cage -LRB- I think they notice the peanuts easier that way -RRB- and put about 6 peanuts on top of the plate through the cage -LRB- in the shell -RRB- and dip at least one in peanut butter . I also smear a little peanut butter in the front part of the cage where they would enter . The smell of the peanut butter seems to attract them more than the peanuts alone . After catching , I take them at least 5 miles away . Squirrels can find their back way home , so take them far away .
 I 've been having problems with squirrels for some time and had a 50 year old double door trap that simply wore out . I ordered the 1084 from Amazon . In the first 2 days I caught 2 squirrels . The second squirrel was caught with no bait in the cage . Late in the 2nd day I noticed that the unit had triggered with nothing in it . I found that the cable that holds the trap door open had pulled out of the weight that holds the trap door down . It appears to be 18 gauge stainless braided cable . I requested a replacement from Amazon and it arrived in 3 days . Since then I 'm averaging a squirrel a day -LRB- 4 more as of today -RRB- . I really like the unit and with the exception of the broken cable it has performed great . I 'm still holding my breath on the cable issue as it appears to be a bit of a weak link . I 'm giving this unit a 4 only because of the cable concern . Otherwise it would be a 5 . Amazon , though , stood behind this unit 100 % .
 This trap worked much better than the smaller , 2 door , trap . I was trying to capture a squirrel that choose to make my vehicle engine compartment his home , chewing up my wiring harness . He ate several blocks of rat poison I had secured in the compartment , so I used that as bait in the 1084 trap , hanging it by wire so he would have to reach up and possibly sit on the trap release on the bottom of the trap . The release required much more weight than I liked so I placed a piece of cardboard under the release handle on top of the trap . I placed the trap under the SUV , and it worked like a charm . He now lives in a park with a near by stream , many miles from my house .
 The squirrels in our yard have become bolder and bolder ... we do n't mind them taking their ` share ' of the birdseed , but they started getting in the habit of wandering into the house through the open patio door to look for more seed . We started to leave the screen closed , and then they chewed through it to get in to the house . So we started leaving the sliding door closed , and they started ripping through window screens -LRB- 3 this past weekend -RRB- to get into the house . Then , they broke in to the next door neighbor 's house the same way.Enough . I read the reviews here , and ordered the 1084 . Ordered on Tuesday , came Wednesday , set it on Thursday morning -LRB- today . -RRB- Right size for squirrels , very easy to set . Put a container of seed in it , left it inside the patio door . First guy broke in again through a window and got trapped . Took him to a park a couple of miles away . Easy-open trapdoor makes releasing safe.Came back , re-set the trap , and 2 hours later had his brother.IF you break in to the house , you go to jail . Stay outside , no problem.Works like a charm.Now , to get all those screens repaired ...
 There is nothing like a little R&R that 's rabbit 're - location that will put a smile on your face . Caught my first rabbit today and could not be more happy with this trap . Mr rabbit is now at his new forever home ... far far away from my wife 's plants . I did take some advice from a previous reviewer and placed a small wood piece under the Handel to decrease the trap trigger point . All in all ... easy to set and easy to release the animal . I highly recommend this trap .
 Like the handle setting design . You just pull it back and the door is open and the release is set . One hand operation . Already catching squirrels that have been doing structure damage to an out building . Easy on the animals and easy to transport for relocation .
 I live on the edge of woods and have a wood pile in my yard . Problem large woodchucks started digging up my yard and new plants . Can catch anything with this trap , bread & peanut butter . 3 woodchucks the first week , all transported to a new home , far away . Skunks , after the first one I learned to add a 25 foot cord to open the traps door from far away !
 We 've been having skunk problems for years . They dig their way under our house through small cracks in the side foundation . We have been skunked every holiday season for the last 5 years . I 've tried boarding up the bad spots , cement blocks and even stinky fox urine powder . Nothing worked . The skunk was just too smart and always figured out a way to get under the house in the winter . Last year a nursery was even set up and the stench and noise -LRB- shrill squealing and scampering -RRB- of babies was unbearable . I finally decided to buy a trap and did a lot of research . The double door had some negative reviews . I could understand why since it is still the same size as this one but the trigger plate is in the middle so a skunk might only be half way before it shuts and with the trap door sitting on the skunk 's tail and not completely locked down , I can see how these crafty creatures could escape . With this trap , there is only one way in and no way out ! This trap is very easy to set and release . I taped up the front with duct tape up to the trigger plate so the skunk could n't see me when I came to check on the trap . It took several days . This skunk was very smart . I 'd almost met my match ! It even turned off the outside emergency shut off switch to the tankless water heater when I sealed all around the bottom of the house . It was getting revenge when my wife got a blast of cold water in the shower ! I guess it figured if it could n't get under the house to stay warm , we 'd also suffer with cold water showers . Luckily I just turned the switch back on and my wife was happy ! lol.Anyway , it took several days to finally catch it . I tried stinky cat tuna and the skunk just walked around it . There were even fresh digging holes every day around the trap but nothing in it . I finally took the advice of many and bought some canned sardines in water and no salt . I did n't want to get the stuff with oil since that is not as `` natural '' as in water . That did the trick . Caught it last night ! The skunk could move its head enough to see me but could n't raise its hind quarters or tail enough to spray . I covered the trap with a towel for about 20 minutes to calm the skunk down as suggested . This trap was great !! When all was safe and far from our house , I left the towel over the trap and simply pulled the lever handle back to open the trap door and left . The skunk was gone when I came back ! Highly recommended !!!!
 I bought this because I have a skunk digging up my lawn to get at grubs . I had seen him many times so I knew what I was after . I bought this trap for the size and easy setting handle . I read other reviews about covering the back with a towel to keep the critter from taking the food out of the back and never tripping the door , so I did this . Well , turns out that raccoon also like peanut butter so they would get there first and steal the food , they are clever and pulled off the towel and got the food . Putting stiff cardboard around the back did n't help , the raccoon ripped it off or even turned the trap over and got the food . I know it was a raccoon because one night I did not put out the trap and a raccoon was in the yard waiting for his peanut butter sandwich . I altered the time I put it out , still no luck . The raccoon is too big for this medium sized trap , so I will have to continue trying to get the skunk . Based on the size of the skunk I have seen , the trap is the right size . It is getting cold now so I may have to wait until next year , I have not seen the skunk in over a week . As a whole , the trap is very easy to use and will likely do the job , once I can time the placement and location . You may want to look at YouTube to see how others have used the trap and specifically how to transport a trapped skunk , should you actually get one . Havahart has an excellent video .
 Got ta love the easy set trap.I 've caught 3 skunks already.Its very easy to release them after . I would recommend this trap to anyone .
 This trap works great . I was catching 1 to 2 squirrels a day when set . Peanut butter as bait works best . I actually got some apples this year .
 We bought the Havahart 1084 because of the problem we are having with wild female cats and all the kittens they produce.On the same day we ordered the trap put cat food right were the trap would go.After 5 days the Havahart arrived at 12:00 pm.We baited it placed it into position went back at 1:00 pm and to our surprise there was a cute little kitten in the trap.The Havahart is really doing it 's job and the kittens will soon get a nice home.Couldn ' t be happier .
 Do n't hesitate to buy this if you have a squirrel problem . I am catching them day after day and our garden is almost free from their destruction !
 does n't work that well . Seed doors stick one way or the other and seed gets wet .
 It really does keep the squirrels at bay which is quite an accomplishment . The birds do n't seem as enthralled with this feeder however , that is why the 4 star instead of 5 star rating . Overall , I would recommend this feeder .
 This lasted two summers until the squirrels figured out that gnawing the plastic seed catcher on the bottom would cause all the seeds to fall out . The good part about this is that it kept the squirrels intrigued long enough for me to be able to shoot them . This definitely prevented repetition , one squirrel at a time .
 Although the feeder needed to be somewhat reassembled it was not a big deal , I would assume this was for shipping purposes . It would have been helpful to have a few more instructions . I get quite laugh as I watch the squirrels try to figure out how to get into this feeder . The birds seem to like it just fine . We have saved a lot of $ $ on sunflower seed and the mess under the feeders . I loved it so much I ordered 3 .
 This is the cutest bird house ! It looks exactly the same in person and is very sturdy . Workmanship appears to be of high quality ; however , it COMPLETELY fell apart after just one rather mild winter in the mid-atlantic . Would n't waste the money unless you plan to keep in indoors as a decoration . Since this is a revised edit Amazon wo n't let me change the star rating to a 1 .
 I bought this flag as a gift for my husband , a lifelong Bears fan . He wanted a flag that was side hung , because we could only ever find ones that are hung from the top . This flag was the perfect size for what he wanted too ! And when it came , I was a little discouraged by how thin it was . But if it were any heavier , I do n't think it would wave as much in the wind as it does . Its perfect and he loves it . It is double sided , or can be seen from the front or back , which not all team flags we looked at can . All in all , its just a good buy .
 THIS WAS PURCHASED AS A GIFT FOR SOMEONE WHO JUST GOT A NEW STAINLESS GRILL . HE PUT THE SET TO USE RIGHT AWAY . JUST THRILLED WITH THE GIFT .
 Buy it . My boyfriend still gets complements on this set . It is excellent .
 Now i have a place to store my best grilling tools - definately the best tool set in the market - who needs wood handles when you canb have stainless steel !!
 My son called me and said he loved the BBQ Set so based on his view I would say it was great .
 Direct Relacement for a Briggs and Stratton at half the price . Ca n't beat it !!!
 The item arrived at the estimated time however the background is yellow not shining gold just to make it clear but good work :D finally good something to the mastino
 this item is every thing sell had descibed ... easy to put up . . I own two neapolitan mastiff 's so the sign correctvisitors always comment on it : -RRB-
 I had absolutly no problems with this purchase . The sign itself is high quality vinyl on a sturdy yellow plastic backer . They even included a nail for hanging . The sign looks very sharp on my house , especially when my mastiff looks out the window over it ! I would not hesitate to buy from this seller .
 I purchased one of these signs quite awhile ago and we have it in our garage . My husband liked it so much that he wanted me to get another one . He has put this sign up by the front door . He said it helps to keep away the solicitors .
 I feel some of the reviewers have some expreience problems , One issue I can see here is Poulan does n't spend a lot of time setting these up , I have owned mine since about 04 or so bought it used for $ 50.00 . I use mine nearly every day cutting firewood . If you own one of these you had better know how to set the carb , align the bar and chain , Mine used to start very hard untill I replaced the spark plug . . no more starting problems , It had some ideling problems so I reset the carb , Here is how . . Start it and warm it up , Give it full throttle and turn the hi screw clockwise untill it ran at the fastest rpm , then I backed it off untill it just started to loose some rpm , If it dogs down right away turn it the other way.next I set the idle so it would keep running , then set the low adjustment screw so that when you `` punch it '' it starts to dog down by turning it clockwise , next turn it back untill the acceleration is smooth , you want it to idle but not turn the chain at an idle . -LRB- ***** A general rule of thumb is set the screws about one full turn opento begin adjustment . -LRB- do not tighten the screws down tight it will probably mess up the screws or the needle valve seats.This is for the low and high adjustment screws , the idle screw is another thing -RRB- ***** I went to an Oregon chain and have no problems with it getting too loose too soon , If the chain jumps off , look for the alignment , make sure it is straight from the bar to the sprocket , also look for a worn sprocket!The issue of some of the reviews and no power could be an improper fuel/gas mixture , too much oil and it will smoke badly and not have rpm and power , too lean and it will run like crazy ... until it locks the engine up . . -LRB- sound familiar ? -RRB- NEVER USE ETHANOL -LRB- gasahol -RRB- KEEP YOUR GAS CLEAN !!!! I filter mine before I mix it , Poulan suggests synthetic oil , NEVER EVER USE CAR MOTOR OIL , OR MARINE OIL !! If storing it for over 30 days use a fresh tank of gas and stabilizer , or you can drain the gas out and start it up and let it run untill it quits , Good luck , I hope this helpsBTW I did have to replace the oiler , it cost under $ 10.00 for the parts and took about 20 minutes.I just bought another new one on clearance from EBAY for under $ 100.00 including shipping and a nice hard plastic case ... I just could not pass up the deal with the good luck I have had with this one . .
 Today is a sad day . the clutch on my wild thing has frozen up . It made it through 3 hurricanes and mega yard clean ups . I have 6 very mature trees in my yard and a dozen mature bush/mini trees . I put this saw through hell . I left gas in it for a year -LRB- AND IT STARTED RIGHT UP !! -RRB- I paid about 150 . Got my money out of it . However , my needs may require something alittle more heavy duty . If I had to pull this thing twice to start , it was because I did not get a good pull on the first . One time I left it idling on the ground in the back yard when I went inside to deal with the kids . I forget about it , came back out later and it was no longer running . I could not crank it afterwards . The problem was that it idled until it ran out of gas . -LRB- once I filled it up , game on -RRB- My lawnmower probably could not do that.The original chain works good . All the new chains I put on there would derail on big limbs and needed alot of adjusting.I have the wild thing blower also , very nice . Never a problem.In summary , Wild thing survived Katrina , Rita , but died in Gustov . If you use a chain saw once a week , spend the money and get a nice one . If it is just a weapon in your shed for storms and annuall projects . Money well spent.I give it 4 stars because it died after 5 years . I believe the part to replace the clutch is $ 15 at Baileys . I do not feel like spending all day to fix a $ 150 chain saw when I need a more heavy duty one any way .
 I 've owned this saw for 5 years now . It only gets occasional use throughout the year . I have never had any real issues with it . Still runs strong . The pull cord does stick every once in awhile , but a sharp tap to the side frees it . It 's a little finecky when at idle -LRB- stalls sometimes -RRB- , but other than that I 've cut more than my fair share of wood over the years for the $ 150 I paid for it . For being one of the most inexpensive saws on the market and for only ocassional use , I recommend it . If you 're going commercial or clearing acres , I would spend the extra cash for a more appropriate saw .
 I have had this saw for over a year and it still has plenty of power and cuts well . Great price and the saw looks cool . You might as well look good while you are working . It has never failed to start afrer a few cranks and runs well after it gets warmed up . Approved by YODA .
 I bought my wild thing at a local large retailer for a spring cleanup project . It performed perfectly well at that task . Then the saw sat for over a year with me doing nothing to it . Today I went over to a habitat for humanity site and did a * lot * of cutting with it . The saw started right up even with the year old gas in it . 3 guys brought saws and at the end of the day the wild thing had won over all of them . One guy had a higher end poulan and remarked that my wild thing had a lot more power than his saw did after he used it for a few minutes . At the end of the day the wild thing was the last operational saw on the site , and this was after it had been in use all day . I did notice that the chain requires frequent attention and adjustment which was no big deal . One of the guys there said `` it looks like the green chain saw won the day '' . I 'm guessing that maybe there has been some engineering changes since some of the earlier reviews were written ; my wild thing seems to be a great saw and i 'm 100 % happy at this point .
 Hey my Daddy says `` To the new users of chainsaws.The Poulan wild thing is the real deal . `` It is easy to start , lite to handle and can cut clean and quick.Usually I do not rate products however , this equipment works .
 I bought this saw for general use around my yard . For the money , its a great saw . I used it all day yesterday and it ran great . The only flaw I found was a cheap pull-cord setup that you need to be careful with . The pullcord housing and fly-wheel is all made of plastic ... so I can tell Ill have to replace that at some point . Other than that , the saw runs great , and does a great job . FYI the saw does NOT come ready to go . Make sure you tighten the bar support bolts and add all the fluids . Great saw just to have at the house for occasional use .
 I bought this saw online because we had a state record ice storm with lots of tree damage here in Oklahoma in December 2007 and all the local stores were sold out of saws.I 've owned a wild thing before and used it for 3 years on an occasional basis , cutting about 3 ricks of red oak wood per season . So far , I 've got about 20 hours on this saw and it still works like a champ . I 'm using it to limb and cut some 12 '' to 15 '' trees completely down into firewood.A tip for those who wrote bad reviews - if this saw -LRB- or any other -RRB- is hard to start , try this
 I 've owned mine for about 6 years now and it 's still running strong . It 's not without issues , but most are easy enough to overcome.The sprocket cover is plastic , do not overtighten the chain tension lock bolts or you will crack the cover and have to replace the cover.The original chain expands too much when hot allowing it to spin on idle or derail . I replaced the chain and it has been much better since.The automatic oiler got blocked up one time and I had to clean the oil path with a pipe cleaner . It 's been good since then however now leaks oil in storage . I try to put it away empty if I can.I had the chain brake seize once . I removed the cover and cleaned it up , it 's never happened since . I think there was a build up of oily saw dust.It starts easy enough , usually only needs half choke unless it 's rediculously cold . Turn choke off after 10 seconds . No problem idling.If it 's tuned correctly there should be plenty of power . Cut up a 30 '' oak tree that had fallen on the property by making cuts from opposite sides . I lightly sharpen the chain after 4 hours of service to keep it running efficiently.No , it 's not a professional grade saw -LRB- I think the bright green and purple tells you that -RRB- but it will give years of light service if you look after it .
 I 've had this Wild Thing of mine for 5 years now . I bought it for only $ 135 . I live on 6 acres and have plenty of need for a chainsaw . Yes , it is not a Stihl but it also does not cost $ 400 . I have used this saw both for cutting down trees from 8in to 18in in diameter & 15-ft to 50-ft high to cutting up tons of honeysuckle -LRB- which also can be large as many trees -RRB- . It works great ! And , I have never had a breakdown . Yes , the chain sometimes needs adjustment more often than some models but only after constant use for 2-3 hours . Big deal - you have to stop & turn a screw in a few turns.I have dropped this `` thing '' numerous times twice from a good height and no breakage or other problems . I think many of these reviwers who gave low marks simply need a course in how to use chain saws . If you make cuts properly with it , maintain & clean it properly , & replace the chain when it gets dull you 'll likely not have problems . It always starts very easily in any weather and is overall a great buy for the money.UPDATE
 Good name for the saw.wild thing run 's great.It cut 's very good and handles very well.especially for the price you ca n't beat it.I love mine
 This saw is great . I have had it a week and I cut down some 15 trees -LRB- 13-19 '' -RRB- plus I cut up the trees and made firewood . I personaly sharpen the chain everyday of hard use . And each day it starts right up ! The case that mine came with is great too . It holds everything . Scrench , spare chain , bar and chain oil , 2 cycle mix , you name it ! I would HIGHLY RECOMEND you get this saw !!! A + + +
 I have owned my Poulin Wild Thing chainsaw for several years and have never had any trouble with it . I have always cleaned it after I was done with it and sharpened the blades and it has never failed me . I wan na say I bought it about 7 years ago , we have 5 acres so as you can tell I have used it quite a bit . We just had an ice storm come through 2 weeks ago and it still is running strong but I did notice that the rope pulley was starting to slip , so I took it apart and noticed that the plastic pulley was starting to get really worn and it was slipping on the bolt it turns to start it . I went to the Poulin website and started to check on replcement parts . I found the plastic pulley with the spacer that rides behind it and also the trigger lock -LRB- somebody else broke it -RRB- and with shipping the parts came to a whopping 27.00 . I have used Echos and Stihl chainsaws before and yes they are great saws but for the price and preformance I have recieved out of my Poulin I think I will keep it.I forgot to mention that like the other reviews I too noticed that with the original chain that I also had to adjust it alot . I bought a new chain about two years ago and now I rarley ever have to adjust it .
 I use to have one of these when I lived in AZ cutting wood for myself and selling too . . This is a great chain saw for the size . I wore mine out . . Now I am looking to buy another one . . Yes . . the pull cord is not the best . . but . . the chain saw is . . wish it wasnt so hard to find one . .
 I love this saw ! I have owned or used many different brands through the years -LRB- Homelite , Poloun , Husqvarna -RRB- and have been hard on all of them . I was strapped for cash , but thought the investment in a saw and sweat would be better than the price of wood for a winter . I live in the mountains of California and last winter was WET ! I used this saw in what I consider adverse conditions -LRB- cool and wet -RRB- and my only complaint was the pullcord slipping from the sprocket on occasion . It starts without hesitation and I 've had NO issue with the chain . After each use , I clean it up -LRB- removing bar and chain -RRB- , give the chain a quick file upon reassembly , and I 'm ready to sweat some more ! I 'm starting earlier this year cutting wood for winter and it 's given me no trouble in the summer heat .
 The Poulan 4018 is great saw in general . I bought mine for $ 100 . The Poulan 4018 has a strong engine , starts easy , balanced fairly well , cuts great . The only drawback is in order for the saw to be reliable -LRB- and it will be -RRB- you need to keep up on the maintenance constantly . There needs to be bar-chain oil in the saw at all times . You will quickly stretch your chain and ruin your bar if you cut to long with no oil . Tap it off each time you re-fill the gas . Keep your chains sharp -LRB- if you see smoke when cutting your chain is dull or you are out of oil -RRB- . Check the chain adjustment each time you refuel as well . Lubricate the pull-starter pully wheel when it starts to feel tight . Also it is best if you learn how to adjust a 2 cycle engine . -LRB- You will need a special driver to adjust the mixture screws -RRB- That way you can keep this saw running great for a long time.All saws require maintenance but If you want a saw with less maintenance you will be spending more money then what you would spend on a Poulan 4018 .
 Picked this up at the local home center . Actually my 3 year daughter picked it out for me , mostly based on the color . If you properly care for and maintain this saw it will work just fine for its intended use -LRB- around the house -RRB- . If you work on a crew that cuts trees all day , or you fail to properly maintain and care for your tools then you will be disappointed . This saw goes through a lot of bar oil ! Which is fine with me if it keeps it lubed and cool.The only issue i have with it is there is apparently some kind of proprietary tool needed to adjust the H and L carb settings , or you can rip the case all apart and probably do it by hand . The saw would not stay running for me at first , which I later found from their customer service personnel is due to the recent additon of ethanol to the gasoline . They said to take it to a service center , of which there are plenty locally , and have it adjusted . I can keep it running well enough now and will take it in as soon as i get a chance .
 I disagree with the bad reviews on this item . I order these from time to time to give away at the local VFW -LRB- recently bought 10 of them -RRB- , and nobody 's complained about them so far . When you buy a 3ft x 5ft polyester flag with grommets for less than $ 5 , you ca n't expect military grade quality . Mine flies on a tall flagpole with a spotlight shining on it at night , and it serves its purpose just fine . If you 're looking for hand-stitched stars and military grade quality , buy the $ 50 flag . Otherwise this flag is entirely suitable .
 I bought this directly from US Flag Store and received a very nice flag for under $ 5 -LRB- I had an order sufficient to get free shipping -RRB- . It is glossy , well-finished , has rich colors and is of good quality -- better than I expected . It is PRINTED , not SEWN/EMBROIDERED as represented on the illustration ! It is a little sheer , but the fabric is nicely dyed or printed-not `` painted '' as some have reported.I give it 4 because it is a great value and will look nice on my house for months until I buy a more substantial sewn nylon or polyester flag.It sounds as if the flag on Amazon is coming from different manufacturers -- there is such a disparity of reviews . Someone is clearly at fault here , as the illustration on Amazon is totally wrong for this item . The illustration shows a flag of much better quality than the actual superknit polyester from US Flag , showing sewn stripes and embroidered stars . This should be corrected.Please remember that it is a FOUR DOLLAR FLAG . I 'd recommend ordering it from US Flag Store directly -- you will be rewarded with a nice product . If you want a tougher , sewn/embroidered nylon or polyester flag , expect to pay 5-6 times what this flag costs .
 If you are looking for an indoor display flag , this fits the bill perfectly . I bought a few to have flown on missions in Afghanistan and mount in display cases . Stay away if you want to hang one outdoors . The material is very thin and only one side is presentable .
 The quality vs the price makes this a great buy . I 've purchased heavier duty flags for considerably more money for outdoor use but this one is great for indoor and/or occasional outdoor ... ca n't beat the price and it came quickly .
 Ordered these 2 flags and I have been flying poly flags for a couple of years . I was really suprised ! These flags had to be SuperKnit because when the first light wind came by , these flsgs were just about straight out . Have not been in a good windy situation yet , but I think they will be OK . As far as the seller , Service was Excellent , Fast , and in my mailbox in a few days .
 The flag is definitely good for the price . If you are looking for something with stitched stars and stripes then this is not for you but if you want a nice looking flag for very cheap then this is perfect . I bought it to hang up in my house and it looks great .
 I fly my flag 24/7 on a flag pole . Traditional , sewn flags are too heavy to move much in a low breeze . These light weight flags are colorful , last a long time outdoors , and flap nicely with the littlest breeze . For the price , I buy a few at a time and change them as the colors start to fade .
 The purchase of this flag was exactly as described . I received it in record time and it was well made .
 I wanted a nice American flag and came across this . It is totally worth $ 5 . When I first looked at this flag one of the pictures showed that it was a embroidered flag . When I got it I was a little disappointed . It is a great screen printed flag .
 Was very much worth the price the merchantdise is well made and packaged and shipped without any problem , again it 's well worth it
 I purchased this 5x7 flag for my college dorm . It has 2 circular brass holes perfect for hooks to hang portrait style which is what I wanted.Although it is perfect for my occasion , I would recommend getting a much better quality flag if it were to go outside . The quality does n't seem like it would last more than a couple of days in the wind , but you get what you pay for .
 This is a good flag for the money . I have it hanging in my dorm and it looks good . Bright color , good stitching , light weight .
 The flag is not a toy . But , I would recommend buying the flag if you need a quick replacement for a temporary flag problem . I paid less than $ 5.00 and that is what the flag is worth . If I get a month out of it I will be happy , and that is what I expect . Great temporary replacement flag for the money , but expect to buy a better quality flag to replace it .
 I just needed a flag for my room , and this worked perfectly . It came speedy too , good purchase and very cheap too
 For the money , the flags are just fine ... they have strength and hold up well in a beach setting outside ... I shall buy them again ...
 Good quality flag , especially for the price . These are PRINTED Flags and the Color is more visible from one side ; that is , it is not as dark on the reverse side , so it is better for display on a wall , etc. . However , I fly mine on a flag pole just the same and it looks great !
 I was looking for an affordable flag and this served the purpose . It is n't the best fabric ever but it fits the price
 I bought this to hang on the wall . I dont think I would put it through to much abuse outdoors though .
 I LIKE THE AMERICAN FLAG FOR THE PRIDE IT REPRESENTS . IF I CAN GET A FLAG FO OUT FRONT AT A LOW PRICE I WILL REPLACE IT WITH THIS ONE EVERY TIME . I LIKE THE QUALITY .
 Everything was perfect , the item arrived before prevision . My daughter just loved it . What elese can I say ? Best regards ! Rui
 Great flag for 5 bucks . I could n't believe the quality . Awesome for sure . Absolutly not stiched like pictures show . Those should be updated . other than that it 's not bad .
 Good product for the money . If you want a fancy flag this is not it . If you just want to display your flag as a proud American this flag will certainly do that . Shipping is very fast .
 This is a good buy . Not a high-quality flag at all but it looks good hanging outside . Much cheaper than any other one 's I 've found and works just as good . I 'll get another one when it 's time .
 Very nice , durable flag for the price.Thanks , Bobby .
 We fly our flag every day , we needed to replace ours and found them quite expensive at the stores . I figured what the heck , and checked on here . WOW under $ 5 shipped and in about 1 week , we were flying out new very handsome flag ! Thanks a lot !
 great but its really not a toy , its a flag we hang on the flag pole .
 Good fabric and the price is right . Do not know if it will fade . Would buy it again without doubt .
 I was very happy with my flags . The price and quality was perfect for me . I will order again when I need one
 Great quality and good shipping time . Hanging in our little family &#34; museum &#34; as the main &#34; star of the show &#34; ... proud to be an American and show her colors .
 a three items were totally satisfactory and the pricees were totally outstanding.If I need more flags , this will be the place to go .
 What can I say - it 's our flag ! It 's beautiful . It was just what we needed as we fly the flag every day at our home .
 Our patio is very small , so we love the fact we have seating for quite a few people , and space is not taken up with a table that is used less often . We just have to flip one of the backs if it is just the two of us , or turn them to make a table and seating for 4-6 people .
 We love this bench . It did not take long to put together -LRB- , we used treated wood so it would last longer -RRB- . My husband thought it was a crazy purchase , but now really likes it . We plan to order another soon .
 This is a great design and fairly easy for two people to put together.It is very functional and versatile.However , there does seems to be some variability in the parts tolerances that result in some slop when it is in the table orientation . We have made a total of four benched and one is really tight and does not move at all . One is very loose and pivots a few degrees . The other two are somewhere in between . We may play around more with the worse one and see if there is anything that can be done but do n't expect much improvement ; tightening the pivot bolt does not help and the directions recommend not over-tightening .
 This simple kit provides an economical but well built bench . I like the easy conversion to a table . My build used this kit and painted 2x4 's . 2x4 's -LRB- 5 foot wide bench -RRB- were $ 20 and the oil based paint was $ 30 bringing the whole job to $ 100 . I looked into Trex 2x4 's but they alone were $ 150 so I decided to paint which opens up a wide choice of colors . Use an exterior oil base with 2 primer coats and 2 final . Your wood will last a long time . I highly recommend this product .
 This flip-top bench is great . My father and I purchased trex lumber to construct it and it worked out really well - though it is heavy . We put in a wood brace at the midway point on the seat of the bench to give it support when people sit on it . I am very pleased with this . It took us about an hour and a half to put one together . The second one will take less time since we now know what we are doing .
 Bought the lumber , and had the two benches complete in two and a half days , including 4 coats of poly.Looks great , many complements .
 I am already a fan of the 2X4 Basic Shelf Links so there was no way this was going to be good . I made them 6 ft after reading some of the comments about benches that were longer . I stained the PT wood before putting it together and it looks great . My only recommendation is to size all the wood to the exact specs before painting or staining . I had to make additional cuts on the first bench therefore extra staining but learned my lesson on the second bench.They are great in my backyard . I leave them in two separate places but bring them together nicely when we want to use them for a meal . My only knock is that the benches are a bit heavy . Other than that what a great product.Next the workbench .
 I bought two of these kits and made the benches out of cedar -LRB- to match the deck -RRB- which made them pretty light weight and easy to move around . I think I ended up spending about $ 200 for the whole thing but this solution was so flexible it was worth it . We can now use the benches around the fire and as additional seating or put them together for a very nice picnic table . So much better than a traditional clunky picnic table !
 After searching for a durable and dependable bench/table to display my Bonsai trees I came across the Flip Top Bench Table and I could not be more satisfied . Since the Bench Table is used in full sun and exposed to all the elements outdoors , I used 2x4 pressure treated lumber and assembly was completed in less than 15 minutes ! I would highly recommend this product for use as a regular bench or by using two you can enjoy a nice table .
 these are great . now we have deck furniture that does n't take up deck space all the time . easy to make too . if you want to make them 8 ft long though , make the supports longer too .
 I ordered this product to go on my newly built and stained deck . It is wonderful having a precicely matching bench for my lovely deck , and the innovative design allows me to use it either as seating or an eating spot .
 I got two of these , before I put them together , I sanded and stained the 2X4s . The results look great ! Like it was bought pre-assembled . I like to show off the flip top feature to everyone that comes over , and they think it 's cool . My son loves it too , he calls it our Transformer Bench .
 I like the design of the chair and at the pool I have it the chair was a big hit
 I like this bench table - It is easy to put together but I wish I had realized it was only one side of the table - you really need two to have a picnic table and benches on both sides . Kind of misleading . We use these for our dock - works great . We can use seperatly for two benches or put them together for a nice picnic table . Love the versatility .
 This is a great product that goes together easily & quickly . It makes a bench where the back folds down into a half picnic table . My daughter ca n't have a picnic table sitting in her backyard -LRB- addition regulations -RRB- so we built one of these for her . Now she has a bench in her backyard to sit & watch the kids , but can flip the back down & have a table for the kids to eat on . This is the 3rd one we have built .
 easy to assemble , great instructions and a great bench and table ! The fist one took me a little while , but I put the second one together in an hour and a half . They look great and are very functional .
 These were very easy to put together . I only made a 6 ' bench/table out of pressure treated lumber and I was glad since PT is rather heavy . I have shown several people who immediately went out and bought these . I would highly recommend this product to anyone that wants the choice of a bench or table . I would also recommend Amazon since they notified me of my order , when the item shipped , and it was delivered on time .
 We purchased this kit about 2 months ago and found it easy to use . We did n't use pressure treated -LRB- yucky chemicals -RRB- , but standard 2x4 's . Primed and painted the 2x4 's before assembly with a Home Depot spray cans . The wood ate a lot of primer and paint , so I 'd recommend using regular paint/primer and a brush . Spray sounded easier , but ended up being more costly.You can make any size bench/table you 'd like , but we made a 8 ' for use in our garden . Table is n't stable enough for a work bench , but makes a nice table to eat a meal ! Buy it , you 'll like it .
 The first one took me about 45 minutes to put together as I tried to get all the spacing correct , etc. . The second one only about 20 minutes . -LRB- I 'm a prefectionist ... so could be quicker for others . -RRB- They look great and work great!I have a smaller deck so made them the 6 foot length and I have a seating area most of the time and can make the extra table in just a minute!Very sturdy and sit 6 adults comfortably !
 I recently built a deck and was searching for a table , when I came accross the `` Flip Top Table Bench '' . I love it , when not in use as a table it sits along the rails like 2 park benches , leaving the deck open for what-ever . The Bench is comfortable and the table is a snap to set up . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a picnic table . D. Camper
 Very cool . Went to 5 ' length with 8 2x4s so my wheelchair fits behind . Might go shorter on a little patio .
 Bought two to use as a large picnic table butted up against each other . Also use as benches in some cases . Bought cheap stud lumber , hand picked , a week before the kit arrived . Cut to 6 ' and stained with a deck stain/UV protection product . All was ready to install when the kits arrived . I 've put the two units in the back of a small restaurant , outside the back door , and created the Smokin ' , Drinkin ' , Cussin ' & Spittin ' section . The benches have been well received and used.I 've now ordered their any size chair unit to make a small bench for our front porch . I 'll use good Redwood with it .
 Easy to assemble . Very versatile design . Use pressure treated outdoor lumber for extra durability . Highly recommend .
 This is a second set after being happy with first set for almost ten years .
 Easy to follow instructions . Just add 9 ea . 2 * 4 's . We made ours from 6 ' PT lumber . Two benches can be converted to a picnic table for added space when needed . I would not make this any longer than 6 ' , even though the instructions indicate you can . Much beyond 6 ' , you 'd get a bow when average weight people sit . Even at 6 ' , we had to add a stabilizer on the underside of the seat portion to give added strength to the 2 * 4 's . One other caveat - be careful where your hands are located when lifting this . We assembled it on a table and then had to lift it to the ground . In the `` bench '' position , the back does not lock and can easily flip up and pinch fingers - as we now know from experience . It is , however , a nice project and gives versatility when entertaining . I 'd have rated it a `` 5 '' if the back locked in place .
 I love this item for our cabin up north . Painting it took the longest , but the assembly was very easy . Works great on our pier to hold my husbands tackle box and as a nice bench to sit on . We purchase 2 more for our small deck . I highly recommend this item .
 I bought two of these , sand color , and they are great . It took me about 2 hours for each bench , most of the time for measuring and cutting the wood . I tend to work slowly , so I do n't make mistakes.I made 5 foot benches , and they are very solid and stable . One drawback is the 2x4 's make them heavy to move around , but you ca n't have everything . The benches are actually pretty comfortable too ; the back is at a good angle and is n't too short . The option to convert to a table is an added bonus , for extra seating at parties .
 Made mine 8 feet long but the next time , will reduce the span by half.Sister dumped a nice roast beef dinner on the ground because the back was n't locked but the pugs sure enjoyed it!Am making one for my son 's tiny back yard -LRB- really a small concrete slab -RRB- . More useful and durable than any flimsy bistro set I could buy .
 This bench just what we needed on our pool deck - extra seating , plus a convertible extra table when we have guests over and eat out on the deck . I love the way we do n't have to turn the bench around to use the table , like some other convertible table/benches . This bench always amazes our guests , a few want to get one for themselves . The only drawback is that the bench is VERY heavy , so I would n't recommend it if you plan to move it around a lot . The weight also made it a bit awkward to assemble , but it is well worth it . We bought two , and love them !
 A fairly easy to assemble kit for a clever bench that changes into a good sized picnic table . I built it using 8 '' 2x4s so that the table is a great addition to the picnic grove .
 Wanted a longer bench . So , contrary to the instructions , used 8 ' 2x4s . On the back/top of bench cut two 2x4s at width of top , angled 22.5 deg & placed underneath 1/3 of way between supports , secured -LRB- from back side -RRB- with 3 '' deck screws . Keeps boards on back/top nice and even with each other . Cut one 2x4 to depth of seat and secured from bottom -LRB- of seat -RRB- at mid point of seat with same size screws . Here 's the important part
 Bought 3 previously and wanted to replace 2 of them ! A great invention ! Arrived in a timely fashion as usual .
 We had one just like it given to us by family . Found this one to match it . We ripped a extra 2x4 in half and put in a extra 1/2 a 2x4 in the seat and the other 1/2 in the table top . We worked the spacing tighter . Seat works better and table top is nicer . A little large seat and a little larger table top .
 Easy to assemble . I made a 5 ft bench for our small deck which is handy to flip over and use the table top for hobbies and crafts .
 Item is everything advertised . Except they only carry 1 color even though they ask you for your choice . Kind of hard for 1 person to put it together , but once assembled it 's great . Would suggest using pressure treated lumber on it .
 These benches are downright awesome . They are well designed and very sturdy thanks to the 2x4s that you must purchase separately . I bought 4 sets of these to make 2 picnic tables out of . Depending upon where you intend to store these you may wish to stain or water seal the 2x4s so that the benches will last alot longer . When assembling you will want at least one other person there to assist you . You CAN do it by yourself but its a bit difficult .
 I recently purchased two tan colored Flip Top Bench Tables . I am very pleased with them . The only space I had available to paint & assemble was outdoors . We 've been getting a lot of rain , so the painting & assembly was delayed . Everything is now complete & I can say that I found this project easy to assemble , except for the seat portion , that was a little ackward , I needed a second pair of hands for the 2nd bench . I have n't taken any pictures yet , But I painted my 2 x 4s with chocolate brown paint , which looks real nice against the tan frame.It looks to me to be a very sturdy bench/table and I would definitely purchase other products from this company .
 First things first , the shipping was quick , and arrived intact , every component was included as stated , instructions very clear . So pleased with one bench we ordered a second and highly recommend this for anyone looking for a sturdy , long lasting and versatile bench for their outdoor use .
 The kit to assemble two benches that convert into a picnic table came quickly and was a success in assemblage . Clear instructions and all necessary parts present .
 The hardest part about building this table was preparing the wood , but you do n't have to fine sand and stain it if you do n't want to ... The finished product is beautiful and very functional - and at a fraction of the price of an outdoor set it was totally worth it !!!
 This kit is well designed with good instructions . The assembly went without any difficulty and resulted in a good effort . The bench back hinge is thoughtfully designed and coverts from back to table without difficulty . Recommend this one .
 We purchased this , and it does look great . One caution
 This is my second bench . I purchased the two supports locally and installed a 6ft . version on my dock abaout 12 years ago . It has held up beautifully , the only improvement would be to use stainless hardware . There was some corrosion and I had to cut one of the bolts when I dissassembled the bench . I still have the two supports and they are in good shape . I may use them again with new hardware.I purchased two new supports for my new dock and followed all the directions for an 8 ft. bench . I think the 15 inch overhang is too much without a cross piece on the ends . I plan to add cross pieces on both the seat and the table top to maintain the alignment of these surfaces . I also noticed some sag in the seat when a heavy person sits on the middle of the bench . Since my bench is stationary , attached to the dock , I plan to add a wooden vertical support in the middle of the seat . If the unit was moveable I would suggest using three purchsased supports for an 8 ft. bench .
 I love this bench , Nothing like setting out on the deck on a nice summer day . Not hard to assemble , And they are sturdy . .
 most things on our farm perform more than one function.the bench/table fits right in.extra outdoor seating for family gatherings.and a shooting bench for our back yard gun range.sitting as a picnic table of a place to set your skeet and shells.Only bad thing , i made mine at the max 8 ` think i will redo it at 6 or 4 ` just to much bow in it at 8 '
 We purchased two sets of the ends that make into a bench with converting it to a table an option . Many years ago we purchased a similar item but can no longer find the company that made them . Having to settle for a different color scheme was not so difficult as the sand seems to wear the dirt and dust a little easier than our white ones . These do n't seem quite as sturdy as the originals we have , but they function very well . The nice thing is we use them as benches most of the time , but when we need eating space the tables are there ! They are very easy to put together and since you supply the insert material , you can use what you want . The only suggestion is to paint your inserts before you put it together as it is much easier than after .
 I had purchased this product a few years ago and have been delighted with its versatility . It provides an attractive , sturdy bench , but it also can easily be converted into a picnic table when needed . Construction is simple and fast . I suggest that the 2x4 's be stained or painted before construction , since it is more convenient and it fully protects them from the elements .
 I like this better than the bench kit . Basically all I had to do was follow the very easy instructions and attach the wood to the frame . The bench feels very sturdy and it is very easy to convert to a table . I bought two to make a picnic table . It took about 45 minutes to do each bench , a good impact driver will really reduce the amount of time you spend on this assembly . Much better than expected .
 Our bench was pretty easy to build with this kit . Some of the screws are located in a bit of a difficult spot , so make sure you have access to a short or offset screwdriver . Thank goodness we had one or I still may be working on some of those screws !!! Other than that , it was very simple and straight forward directions . I like that it can be made in various lengths depending on your application . A good buy !
 Very happy with this kit . We put it together in less than an hour . We used 8 foot length 2x4 and found that it needed extra supports under the table when the treated lumber started to dry ... but this was to be expected . It is a great product and had many positive comments at the camp ground .
 We purchased 2 kits to create a picnic table for use at our lake house . The ability to convert the table halves into benches for extra seating means double-use for one price ! Friends of ours have had this type of bench/table in their backyard for 10 + years and love them ! Their original ones were 5 feet long and a bit tight when used as a table . They built a set for their lake house using 8-foot 2x4s , but said they were a little saggy in the middle . We built ours with 7-foot 2x4s , and there is slight movement in the middle , and we may add a cross-piece under the seat for extra stablility . Seems that a 6-foot bench/table may be the perfect size . Assembly was easy . Of couse , the 1st kit took longer just because of reading the instructions & learning the best way to place things while attaching & tightening . The second kit took about 20 minutes . We love the dual-use of them ! We can put them together for dining and then easily flip 'em around for benches . We can move them down to the water 's edge to enjoy the lake & then back up to the patio for nighttime star-gazing & solving the world 's problems with a favorite beverage in hand . The bench/table kits are well worth the money , easy to assemble & multi-purposed . Keep the length at 7 feet or less and it 'll be sturdy for years !
 This is a great product that goes together easily & quickly . It makes a bench where the back folds down into a half picnic table . My daughter ca n't have a picnic table sitting in her backyard -LRB- addition regulations -RRB- so we built one of these for her . Now she has a bench in her backyard to sit & watch the kids , but can flip the back down & have a table for the kids to eat on . This is the 3rd one we have built .
 easy to assemble , great instructions and a great bench and table ! The fist one took me a little while , but I put the second one together in an hour and a half . They look great and are very functional .
 These were very easy to put together . I only made a 6 ' bench/table out of pressure treated lumber and I was glad since PT is rather heavy . I have shown several people who immediately went out and bought these . I would highly recommend this product to anyone that wants the choice of a bench or table . I would also recommend Amazon since they notified me of my order , when the item shipped , and it was delivered on time .
 We purchased this kit about 2 months ago and found it easy to use . We did n't use pressure treated -LRB- yucky chemicals -RRB- , but standard 2x4 's . Primed and painted the 2x4 's before assembly with a Home Depot spray cans . The wood ate a lot of primer and paint , so I 'd recommend using regular paint/primer and a brush . Spray sounded easier , but ended up being more costly.You can make any size bench/table you 'd like , but we made a 8 ' for use in our garden . Table is n't stable enough for a work bench , but makes a nice table to eat a meal ! Buy it , you 'll like it .
 The first one took me about 45 minutes to put together as I tried to get all the spacing correct , etc. . The second one only about 20 minutes . -LRB- I 'm a prefectionist ... so could be quicker for others . -RRB- They look great and work great!I have a smaller deck so made them the 6 foot length and I have a seating area most of the time and can make the extra table in just a minute!Very sturdy and sit 6 adults comfortably !
 I recently built a deck and was searching for a table , when I came accross the `` Flip Top Table Bench '' . I love it , when not in use as a table it sits along the rails like 2 park benches , leaving the deck open for what-ever . The Bench is comfortable and the table is a snap to set up . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a picnic table . D. Camper
 Very cool . Went to 5 ' length with 8 2x4s so my wheelchair fits behind . Might go shorter on a little patio .
 Bought two to use as a large picnic table butted up against each other . Also use as benches in some cases . Bought cheap stud lumber , hand picked , a week before the kit arrived . Cut to 6 ' and stained with a deck stain/UV protection product . All was ready to install when the kits arrived . I 've put the two units in the back of a small restaurant , outside the back door , and created the Smokin ' , Drinkin ' , Cussin ' & Spittin ' section . The benches have been well received and used.I 've now ordered their any size chair unit to make a small bench for our front porch . I 'll use good Redwood with it .
 Easy to assemble . Very versatile design . Use pressure treated outdoor lumber for extra durability . Highly recommend .
 This is a second set after being happy with first set for almost ten years .
 Our patio is very small , so we love the fact we have seating for quite a few people , and space is not taken up with a table that is used less often . We just have to flip one of the backs if it is just the two of us , or turn them to make a table and seating for 4-6 people .
 We love this bench . It did not take long to put together -LRB- , we used treated wood so it would last longer -RRB- . My husband thought it was a crazy purchase , but now really likes it . We plan to order another soon .
 This is a great design and fairly easy for two people to put together.It is very functional and versatile.However , there does seems to be some variability in the parts tolerances that result in some slop when it is in the table orientation . We have made a total of four benched and one is really tight and does not move at all . One is very loose and pivots a few degrees . The other two are somewhere in between . We may play around more with the worse one and see if there is anything that can be done but do n't expect much improvement ; tightening the pivot bolt does not help and the directions recommend not over-tightening .
 This simple kit provides an economical but well built bench . I like the easy conversion to a table . My build used this kit and painted 2x4 's . 2x4 's -LRB- 5 foot wide bench -RRB- were $ 20 and the oil based paint was $ 30 bringing the whole job to $ 100 . I looked into Trex 2x4 's but they alone were $ 150 so I decided to paint which opens up a wide choice of colors . Use an exterior oil base with 2 primer coats and 2 final . Your wood will last a long time . I highly recommend this product .
 This flip-top bench is great . My father and I purchased trex lumber to construct it and it worked out really well - though it is heavy . We put in a wood brace at the midway point on the seat of the bench to give it support when people sit on it . I am very pleased with this . It took us about an hour and a half to put one together . The second one will take less time since we now know what we are doing .
 Bought the lumber , and had the two benches complete in two and a half days , including 4 coats of poly.Looks great , many complements .
 I am already a fan of the 2X4 Basic Shelf Links so there was no way this was going to be good . I made them 6 ft after reading some of the comments about benches that were longer . I stained the PT wood before putting it together and it looks great . My only recommendation is to size all the wood to the exact specs before painting or staining . I had to make additional cuts on the first bench therefore extra staining but learned my lesson on the second bench.They are great in my backyard . I leave them in two separate places but bring them together nicely when we want to use them for a meal . My only knock is that the benches are a bit heavy . Other than that what a great product.Next the workbench .
 I bought two of these kits and made the benches out of cedar -LRB- to match the deck -RRB- which made them pretty light weight and easy to move around . I think I ended up spending about $ 200 for the whole thing but this solution was so flexible it was worth it . We can now use the benches around the fire and as additional seating or put them together for a very nice picnic table . So much better than a traditional clunky picnic table !
 After searching for a durable and dependable bench/table to display my Bonsai trees I came across the Flip Top Bench Table and I could not be more satisfied . Since the Bench Table is used in full sun and exposed to all the elements outdoors , I used 2x4 pressure treated lumber and assembly was completed in less than 15 minutes ! I would highly recommend this product for use as a regular bench or by using two you can enjoy a nice table .
 these are great . now we have deck furniture that does n't take up deck space all the time . easy to make too . if you want to make them 8 ft long though , make the supports longer too .
 I ordered this product to go on my newly built and stained deck . It is wonderful having a precicely matching bench for my lovely deck , and the innovative design allows me to use it either as seating or an eating spot .
 I got two of these , before I put them together , I sanded and stained the 2X4s . The results look great ! Like it was bought pre-assembled . I like to show off the flip top feature to everyone that comes over , and they think it 's cool . My son loves it too , he calls it our Transformer Bench .
 I like the design of the chair and at the pool I have it the chair was a big hit
 I like this bench table - It is easy to put together but I wish I had realized it was only one side of the table - you really need two to have a picnic table and benches on both sides . Kind of misleading . We use these for our dock - works great . We can use seperatly for two benches or put them together for a nice picnic table . Love the versatility .
 We purchased this , and it does look great . One caution
 This is my second bench . I purchased the two supports locally and installed a 6ft . version on my dock abaout 12 years ago . It has held up beautifully , the only improvement would be to use stainless hardware . There was some corrosion and I had to cut one of the bolts when I dissassembled the bench . I still have the two supports and they are in good shape . I may use them again with new hardware.I purchased two new supports for my new dock and followed all the directions for an 8 ft. bench . I think the 15 inch overhang is too much without a cross piece on the ends . I plan to add cross pieces on both the seat and the table top to maintain the alignment of these surfaces . I also noticed some sag in the seat when a heavy person sits on the middle of the bench . Since my bench is stationary , attached to the dock , I plan to add a wooden vertical support in the middle of the seat . If the unit was moveable I would suggest using three purchsased supports for an 8 ft. bench .
 I love this bench , Nothing like setting out on the deck on a nice summer day . Not hard to assemble , And they are sturdy . .
 most things on our farm perform more than one function.the bench/table fits right in.extra outdoor seating for family gatherings.and a shooting bench for our back yard gun range.sitting as a picnic table of a place to set your skeet and shells.Only bad thing , i made mine at the max 8 ` think i will redo it at 6 or 4 ` just to much bow in it at 8 '
 We purchased two sets of the ends that make into a bench with converting it to a table an option . Many years ago we purchased a similar item but can no longer find the company that made them . Having to settle for a different color scheme was not so difficult as the sand seems to wear the dirt and dust a little easier than our white ones . These do n't seem quite as sturdy as the originals we have , but they function very well . The nice thing is we use them as benches most of the time , but when we need eating space the tables are there ! They are very easy to put together and since you supply the insert material , you can use what you want . The only suggestion is to paint your inserts before you put it together as it is much easier than after .
 I had purchased this product a few years ago and have been delighted with its versatility . It provides an attractive , sturdy bench , but it also can easily be converted into a picnic table when needed . Construction is simple and fast . I suggest that the 2x4 's be stained or painted before construction , since it is more convenient and it fully protects them from the elements .
 I like this better than the bench kit . Basically all I had to do was follow the very easy instructions and attach the wood to the frame . The bench feels very sturdy and it is very easy to convert to a table . I bought two to make a picnic table . It took about 45 minutes to do each bench , a good impact driver will really reduce the amount of time you spend on this assembly . Much better than expected .
 Our bench was pretty easy to build with this kit . Some of the screws are located in a bit of a difficult spot , so make sure you have access to a short or offset screwdriver . Thank goodness we had one or I still may be working on some of those screws !!! Other than that , it was very simple and straight forward directions . I like that it can be made in various lengths depending on your application . A good buy !
 Very happy with this kit . We put it together in less than an hour . We used 8 foot length 2x4 and found that it needed extra supports under the table when the treated lumber started to dry ... but this was to be expected . It is a great product and had many positive comments at the camp ground .
 We purchased 2 kits to create a picnic table for use at our lake house . The ability to convert the table halves into benches for extra seating means double-use for one price ! Friends of ours have had this type of bench/table in their backyard for 10 + years and love them ! Their original ones were 5 feet long and a bit tight when used as a table . They built a set for their lake house using 8-foot 2x4s , but said they were a little saggy in the middle . We built ours with 7-foot 2x4s , and there is slight movement in the middle , and we may add a cross-piece under the seat for extra stablility . Seems that a 6-foot bench/table may be the perfect size . Assembly was easy . Of couse , the 1st kit took longer just because of reading the instructions & learning the best way to place things while attaching & tightening . The second kit took about 20 minutes . We love the dual-use of them ! We can put them together for dining and then easily flip 'em around for benches . We can move them down to the water 's edge to enjoy the lake & then back up to the patio for nighttime star-gazing & solving the world 's problems with a favorite beverage in hand . The bench/table kits are well worth the money , easy to assemble & multi-purposed . Keep the length at 7 feet or less and it 'll be sturdy for years !
 Easy to follow instructions . Just add 9 ea . 2 * 4 's . We made ours from 6 ' PT lumber . Two benches can be converted to a picnic table for added space when needed . I would not make this any longer than 6 ' , even though the instructions indicate you can . Much beyond 6 ' , you 'd get a bow when average weight people sit . Even at 6 ' , we had to add a stabilizer on the underside of the seat portion to give added strength to the 2 * 4 's . One other caveat - be careful where your hands are located when lifting this . We assembled it on a table and then had to lift it to the ground . In the `` bench '' position , the back does not lock and can easily flip up and pinch fingers - as we now know from experience . It is , however , a nice project and gives versatility when entertaining . I 'd have rated it a `` 5 '' if the back locked in place .
 I love this item for our cabin up north . Painting it took the longest , but the assembly was very easy . Works great on our pier to hold my husbands tackle box and as a nice bench to sit on . We purchase 2 more for our small deck . I highly recommend this item .
 I bought two of these , sand color , and they are great . It took me about 2 hours for each bench , most of the time for measuring and cutting the wood . I tend to work slowly , so I do n't make mistakes.I made 5 foot benches , and they are very solid and stable . One drawback is the 2x4 's make them heavy to move around , but you ca n't have everything . The benches are actually pretty comfortable too ; the back is at a good angle and is n't too short . The option to convert to a table is an added bonus , for extra seating at parties .
 Made mine 8 feet long but the next time , will reduce the span by half.Sister dumped a nice roast beef dinner on the ground because the back was n't locked but the pugs sure enjoyed it!Am making one for my son 's tiny back yard -LRB- really a small concrete slab -RRB- . More useful and durable than any flimsy bistro set I could buy .
 This bench just what we needed on our pool deck - extra seating , plus a convertible extra table when we have guests over and eat out on the deck . I love the way we do n't have to turn the bench around to use the table , like some other convertible table/benches . This bench always amazes our guests , a few want to get one for themselves . The only drawback is that the bench is VERY heavy , so I would n't recommend it if you plan to move it around a lot . The weight also made it a bit awkward to assemble , but it is well worth it . We bought two , and love them !
 A fairly easy to assemble kit for a clever bench that changes into a good sized picnic table . I built it using 8 '' 2x4s so that the table is a great addition to the picnic grove .
 Wanted a longer bench . So , contrary to the instructions , used 8 ' 2x4s . On the back/top of bench cut two 2x4s at width of top , angled 22.5 deg & placed underneath 1/3 of way between supports , secured -LRB- from back side -RRB- with 3 '' deck screws . Keeps boards on back/top nice and even with each other . Cut one 2x4 to depth of seat and secured from bottom -LRB- of seat -RRB- at mid point of seat with same size screws . Here 's the important part
 Bought 3 previously and wanted to replace 2 of them ! A great invention ! Arrived in a timely fashion as usual .
 We had one just like it given to us by family . Found this one to match it . We ripped a extra 2x4 in half and put in a extra 1/2 a 2x4 in the seat and the other 1/2 in the table top . We worked the spacing tighter . Seat works better and table top is nicer . A little large seat and a little larger table top .
 Easy to assemble . I made a 5 ft bench for our small deck which is handy to flip over and use the table top for hobbies and crafts .
 Item is everything advertised . Except they only carry 1 color even though they ask you for your choice . Kind of hard for 1 person to put it together , but once assembled it 's great . Would suggest using pressure treated lumber on it .
 These benches are downright awesome . They are well designed and very sturdy thanks to the 2x4s that you must purchase separately . I bought 4 sets of these to make 2 picnic tables out of . Depending upon where you intend to store these you may wish to stain or water seal the 2x4s so that the benches will last alot longer . When assembling you will want at least one other person there to assist you . You CAN do it by yourself but its a bit difficult .
 I recently purchased two tan colored Flip Top Bench Tables . I am very pleased with them . The only space I had available to paint & assemble was outdoors . We 've been getting a lot of rain , so the painting & assembly was delayed . Everything is now complete & I can say that I found this project easy to assemble , except for the seat portion , that was a little ackward , I needed a second pair of hands for the 2nd bench . I have n't taken any pictures yet , But I painted my 2 x 4s with chocolate brown paint , which looks real nice against the tan frame.It looks to me to be a very sturdy bench/table and I would definitely purchase other products from this company .
 First things first , the shipping was quick , and arrived intact , every component was included as stated , instructions very clear . So pleased with one bench we ordered a second and highly recommend this for anyone looking for a sturdy , long lasting and versatile bench for their outdoor use .
 The kit to assemble two benches that convert into a picnic table came quickly and was a success in assemblage . Clear instructions and all necessary parts present .
 The hardest part about building this table was preparing the wood , but you do n't have to fine sand and stain it if you do n't want to ... The finished product is beautiful and very functional - and at a fraction of the price of an outdoor set it was totally worth it !!!
 This kit is well designed with good instructions . The assembly went without any difficulty and resulted in a good effort . The bench back hinge is thoughtfully designed and coverts from back to table without difficulty . Recommend this one .
 I needed two ten foot benches to fill an area on my patio . I purchased 3 sets of bench ends and used 3 bench ends per bench , 1 on each end and 1 in the middle . It worked really well . The product specifies to use 2 x 4 's for bench seat , back and supports but I used 5/4 '' cedar decking for the seat and back and used 2 x 4 's for the supports . This is a very reasonable cost way to have a lot of seating .
 Very easy home project . All you need is the 2x4 wood . This chair/bench can be made up to 6 ' in length . Screws are included . The instructions are simple.If you look above at the images , you 'll see the red bench I made . The color is `` Mickey 's Pants '' , which contrasts nicely with the green plastic.They also added cupholders to the arms . A nice touch .
 This is the second set of bench ends we have purchased as we absolutely love them . They are easy to assemble - we used pressure treated wood both times and the ends are very strong and durable . Our bench remains outside uncovered all year long . Highly recommend this product .
 Very satisfied with the product . Wanted the benches for a fishing pier at the coast . Easy to put together and sturdy .
 If you want a cheap , DIY bench , this product is probably the best out there . I wanted a bench for my backyard , but did n't have the money or willingness to spend $ 150 + for a pre-made one . After deciding I could make my own , I did some research and found this product.I finished assembling it today for the total cost of about $ 70
 I first purchased the bench kit while living in Alaska and was extremely pleased with the quality and durability of the bench . Alaska winters get 30 to 50 degrees below zero for extended periods of time and the plastic never became brittle or had any problems . When we decided to place two benches at our new home in Tennessee we wanted the same kit , but they were unavailable locally . We found them on Amazon and purchased them and are again well pleased . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 These bench ends make a COMFORTABLE bench ! These Blitz folks made these to hold 2x4s with just the right amount of contour in the seat -- so you do n't feel uncomfortable .
 Bought these for our community park , it 's been about a year and they still look great which is saying a lot as we 're in Arizona and they are holding up so great in this harsh weather .
 These are the best . I own a campground and they have made having benches a dream . Cost effective , and easy to install . Actually comfortable angle . I am very pleased with my choice .
 We ordered this bench because my parents have the same thing . We found it easy to put together , and very versatile . It is now our new `` laughing place '' . We spend most evenings sitting on our new bench on our porch watching the sunset or chatting with neighbors . The quality is good , the instructions are clear , and I would recommend it highly .
 I have a large property with walking paths and have tried many different benches at strategic places . These benches must be tough and withstand the weather . This is the first bench I ever tried that I do n't have to totally refurbish every few months.It 's also comfortable . I cut the 2X4 's at 5 feet and it 's sturdy . And there 's a cup holder on each side that fits a water bottle perfectly .
 Put together 5 of these benches last spring and will do another 5 this spring . Used 8ft red cedar 2x4 's cut in half to make a 4ft bench . These make a very sturdy , light weight bench that will last for many years . Apply some fresh stain to the cedar every other year and thats it for maintaining them . As always Amazon beats every other source in price and shipping . This time I am an Amazon Prime member so the delivery will be even better .
 Easy to put together and great quality . We bought 4 sets to make some benches for our dock , I must say they have been out there exposed to the elements for over a year now and still look as the day I took them out of the box . The only thing I recomend is to use some stainless hardware rather than the one provided by the manufacturer , I 'll be changing ours in the near future 'cause it rusted rather quickly .
 Is easy to assemble , pretty much . We didnt have any problems . Makes a great looking sturdy bench . Costs for the lumber in Beaumont/Port Arthur , TX area ran me about $ 20 for treated wood . Not bad at all!I like the fact it is something we can proudly say , We made that !!!
 100 % pleased with product , price , delivery . will always try to order everything from amazon.com
 This is the best bench ive ever seen ... I liked it so much I bought another one
 I was very pleased with how easy and fast these bench ends make into great looking and comfortable benches . Anyone with a little skill and the right tools can do it .
 We gave the bench as a Mothers ' / Fathers ' Day gift . Green treated wood was cut to 5 ' at the lumber yard and the bench was quickly assembled . It is very sturdy and they were delighted .
 I already made one of these . I am a female with few carpentry skills . The bench turned out great . It is very sturdy and relatively easy to put together . You do need to protect the 2 * 4 's or they will rot , so I put a wood protector on it every year . I am making this one into a matching chair . Love the cup holder too .
 Very nice for digging in soft ground , but not for hard or rocky ground as it 's ends are not sharply enough formed for that purpose , but are too thick for easy sharpening with a file . The metal was covered with a very thin shiny plastic that appeared to be steel , as shown in the picture . But this was already bubbled up and already flaking off when this mattock was delivered , and the good sturdy metal underneath had a light covering of rust . When the rust was cleaned off the metal , with some work , the metal was not pitted , but was a good quality dull gray-black metal . The soft plastic handle is nice and is as pictured , very comfortable to the hand . I am giving 4 stars for the rust which I had to remove off of a new item .
 I 've owned both gas and electric chain saws . With a gas saw , you can use it anyplace . Obviously gas saws do not require electricity , but the small gas engines require maintenance and do n't always start . With the Poulan ES350 , there is enough power with the 3.5 HP motor to drive through all but the largest of trees . This is great for dropping trees , tree branches etc. . It does not bog down as my previous 14 inch Poulan did . For a little more money you get a lot more power . It is heavier than the 14 inch , but with the increased power it is safer to use since the chain does not bog down and stop when cutting down trees etc. . This is ideal for the homeowner . You are tied to an electric cord and power , but it starts every time . A must have for a home owner who has trees which require trimming .
 I was nervous about the power this saw would offer , but I have been very pleasantly surprised . It 's obviously not as mobile as gas-powered saws because of the need for an extension cord , but it has gone through everything I 've needed it to go through with no problem . It 's not especially noisy , and light enough to easily maneuver . Would buy it again in a heartbeat .
 This electric chain saw worked perfect for trimming the tree on our lot and other small jobs .
 This chain saw has as much or more power than any gas powered chain saw that I have ever owned and I do n't have to worry about it starting .
 Saw worked great out of the box . And yes , this one at least has a chain brake and it works in about 1 nanosecond after you let go of the trigger . Oil pump worked great , too . I was able to buzz through some pretty big limbs and do some pruning with no effort whatsoever and no problems . I do n't know how this would work on large trees or trying to cut down a tree and have no plans to do that . It might be a little underpowered for the tougher work . But for my needs it is perfect . And another nice feature on the saw is the bucking spikes . But check the chain after about 5 minutes or less when the saw is used for the first time -- it will have to be tightened up but you can do that very easily on this saw .
 I bought the Poulan 16-inch chain saw to replace my old 14-inch chain saw . I have only used it once to cut down a Bradford Pear tree , during which process it did a good job . It has plenty of power and very easily cut through the tree . So far I am very pleased with the saw .
 Works well . Came fully assembled . Used to cut tree trunks max 15 inches in diameter . Chewed through them nicely .
 i use this saw for odd jobs i do some of my days off from work i have owned a few gas saws in the past this saw is light dosnt smell and has alot of power i use it to cut lims three and four inch thick i have cut a few trees ceder and oak mostly dosnt use alot of bar oil the saw dosnt feel cheap made i have also used it for 2 and 3 hours at a time dosnt over heat one last thing i would buy this saw to trim hedges its to big it has a hard time cutting small lims and twigs but great for lims and treesUPDATE
 I bought this saw to replace a 14 '' McCulloch electric one . It was like night and day , the McCulloch is a toy and the Poulan is a tool . I was surprised at the power of this electric ; I did n't know you could get this kind of power from an electric saw . I cut through a 12 '' tree trunk with no problem . When I think of the trouble I had cutting 4 '' branches with the McCulloch , it makes me ill .
 Because of shoulder problems , I find starting gasoline-powered saws difficult , so I bought the Poulan electric . I have been impressed with its power and cutting speed and have given it moderately heavy use , connected to the power line and to a generator . I have cut up some fairly large trees , but mostly I have used it on brush and limbs . As with any chain saw , the user should let the saw do the cutting and resist the temptation to force the saw through the wood . If you need to force it , the chain needs sharpening . This is particularly important with an electric.My saw quit working suddenly while cutting up a large tree . I disassembled the saw to check the motor -LRB- The saw must be COMPLETELY disassembled to get at the motor -RRB- . The commutator was burned , no doubt from letting the saw lug while connected to a too long and wimpy extension cord . I buffed the commutator with XF sandpaper and reassembled the saw . The usual tools are required , plus a pair of small forceps to reattach the oil line . The saw was obviously not designed to be serviced . It worked fine for about a year , until I loaned it to a friend who is not known to be tool-friendly . It is now awaiting another rebuild.In summation , buy this saw , but DO N'T OVERLOAD THE MOTOR .
 Bought one of these on sale at Home Depot for $ 48 . Spent a few hours cutting a fallen tree as well as cutting down a few smaller trees . It worked great , no complaints . The no tool adjustment worked great . Had no issues with kickback . Took it apart to clean and it was pretty easy as well . Lots of tools say to clean after use , but a chainsaw is one that you really should clean well - and drain the oil out . But it was simple and no problem.Couple to things to keep in mind - it does n't say on the box to get the chain oil , but you need to buy it . Also , unless you get a really small bottle of the chain oil , you will need a funnel too . Then you need a pretty long extension cord and because the saw draws a lot of amps , you should use a 14 or 12 gauge , not a 16 gauge . Make sure you have one handy.If you have n't used a chainsaw before , read the instructions and be careful ...
 I expected an electric chainsaw to be wimpy . Not so!I 'm not a lumberjack , but have rented or borrowed a chainsaw often enough to justify buying my own . All the cutting I 've ever done has never been far from an outlet either , so I thought I 'd trust the other reviews and give an electric saw a try.The saw was ready to go right out of the box . I filled the bar oil reservoir , plugged it in , and started to cut . After a while I noticed the bar was not oiling , and reread the owners ' manual . I was doing everything right , but no oil was getting to the bar and chain . After 1.5 hours of cutting , I called a local Poulan dealer who said to bring it in for repair . Rather than drive 20 miles to the repairman , I contacted Amazon , who gave instructions for returning the item . The next day I carried the saw to the post office , and that very afternoon received a replacement saw!Amazing service from Amazon !!!! The replacement saw works perfectly.Electric Pros
 This chainsaw made very quick work of taking down a 35 ft dead tree in our front yard . The saw cut quickly and had no problems with the bigger limbs at all . I highly recommend this product its well worth the price .
 I bought this 16-inch Poulan -LRB- 3.5 hp , automatic oiler -RRB- after reading the reviews , and I am happy with the purchase . The chainsaw arrived 3 days after I ordered it -LRB- I am in metro-DC suburb -RRB- . The instruction booklet had useful , detailed information . After inspection and adding the chainsaw oil , this Poulan was at work on a 25-foot apple tree in the backyard . The 3.5 hp Poulan -LRB- with brand-new blades -RRB- smoothly cut thru the 9-inch diameter trunk and with trimming of branches . I am happy with the Poulan . -LSB- A complaint
 Love it . Much quieter than gas power , no fumes , no starting issues , no clutch ... just plug and go . Plenty of cutting power , I cut a bunch of 6 '' to 8 '' Cedars and Junipers with wicked knots and twisty grain and had no problems . Nice and light , easy to control . My only gripe is I wish it came with a case . Obviously if your sawing situation lacks AC power then this is not the saw for you , otherwise it is great . Also , do yourself a favor and buy/use a heavy gauge -LRB- 12ga to 10ga -RRB- extension cord ... -LRB- it makes a difference -RRB- I would count that cost when figuring the total cost of buying an electric chain saw .
 I ordered this chainsaw and it was here in less than a week , with super saving shipping and no tax . Great price . I am completely happy with it . -LRB- With my gas powered saw , I am exhausted before I ever get it started , if it starts at all . -RRB- I plugged this one in and was clearing oak groves of dead limbs and dead wood immediately . It felt safe to use . I needed a long electric cord to reach an oak grove 214 feet away but with # 12 extension cords , there was plenty of power for the 3.5 saw . Buy this one , you wo n't be disappointed . Rita PS , I love Amazon
 Conclusion
 I recently bought a Poulan ES 350 after the motor burned out in another brand of electric chain saw while attempting to cut up a large pine that had fallen . Received the Poulan promptly from Amazon and proceeded to cut up the tree and it worked terrific ! Powerful , cut clean and quick and no sign at all of overheating or strain . I give this Poulan electric saw top marks across the board .
 My neighbour gave me this saw after I helped clean up his yard and I put it away , deep inside the shed -LRB- I live in the East Kootenays , where a chainsaw is perceived to be directly related to your manhood -RRB- . I had barely used it at all until I began building a new house out of strawbales . A chainsaw is used to notch and shape the bales in the house , and while a gas saw cuts quicker , I can complete a notch before most folks can pull start a gas saw . The sound and smell are less disruptive too.For this application , the saw is brilliant - it rarely clogs with straw and is very easy to control . Power is sufficient and a 16 '' bar is just enough for 90 % of tasks . Some of the carpenters have even borrowed it for those hard to reach areas normally reserved for the sawsall and have been very impressed with the clean , quick cuts and it 's a brilliant way to carve wiring channels in ICF walls.The couple of complaints are that it needs some way to retain the cord as tying knots in an extension cord is a poor practice and you really have to reef on the bolts hard for the chain to stay tight.Otherwise , this saw works very well for a variety of tasks and has withstood jobsite abuse without complaint - I 'll be it could even cut cordwood if I really needed it too !
 I 'm not a lumber jack , and I 'm not trying to clear acres and acres of land every day . I have a house on 1 acre with some trees , bushes , etc. . I did n't want to mess around with a pull cord or keeping a gas can on hand . For me , this saw fits the bill perfectly . I took it out , plugged it in -LRB- a 100 ' cord lets me reach my whole property -RRB- , added some bar and chain oil -LRB- the clear window is a great feature , no messing with a dipstick -RRB- , and started sawing . I was cutting through trees and logs easily , and the saw starts with just the pull of a trigger . No smoke , no tugging over and over , no problem.I have n't used many chainsaws in my day , but I was previously using a recip saw for cutting down everything . This saw does just what I expect , and I think it 's a great deal !
 I cut down a 25 ft pine tree this past weekend and this 16 '' chainsaw worked perfectly ! It had zero problem cutting this 14 '' diameter tree . Saw worked better than I had expected . Cut fast , smooth , and without incident . Triming the limbs went smooth as did the cutting of the trunk into 16 '' length logs . Probably ran the saw off and on for 1 hour and only used 1 tank of bar & chain oil , which is normal . Once finished cutting , I cleaned the saw up -LRB- especially behind the chain sprocket cover -RRB- just to do proper maintenance and get rid of the wood chips / sawdust . I re-adjusted / tightened the chain as it did stretch some -LRB- which is normal -RRB- . I could not be happier even only after 1 hour of usage . Owners manual was helpful . I would buy this Poulan ES350 saw again tomorrow . Five stars .
 I bought this for trimming of branches around the house and it works great . It replaced my 14 '' 2 1/2 hp Poulan and cut a lot faster with the extra power . I really like the automatic oilier and the window gauge . So far it was a great purchase for me .
 I purchased this saw last fall with the intention of taking down three small 4 inch wild saplings straddling a fence line . At four inches in diameter and about 20 feet tall , I knew this saw could probably handle the work load based on another Poulan product I own.Well it went through the saplings like wildfire and then I noticed a thirty foot nine-inch diameter sweet gum tree that had lost its top in a bad nor'easter last fall so thought I give that one a try . This saw went through it like a hot knife through butter , and ... this was a big heavy tree . It took all one day to cut it up but the saw never failed.I ca n't say enough about this saw . Its the best value dollar for dollar I ever spent.It comes with an Oregon blade and chain bar so that in itself speaks loads for the quality.Super buy .
 The chain saw comes with an excellent , detailed manual that was helpful for getting started with a new machine . The saw performed well , and quickly cut through the limbs and branches I hoped to reduce in size . Also impressive was the nearly overnight delivery of the saw despite paying only for regular postage .
 Great saw . Cuts without chain slipping , easy to clean . First electric saw that really worked for us .
 I have a few fruit trees and basically try to keep up with trimming and shaping the limbs . This saw works great right out of the box . I do n't know why I fooled around with hard starting , mixing gas , and all that goes along with gasolene models when this one works so well .
 Being born and raised in Florida I 've been through a dozen or so Hurricanes . Since there is always power failures who in their right mind would own an electric chain saw ? Well me for one LOL . Three things are a must if using electric tools .1 . A heavy duty extension cord2 . A gas generator3 . A Heavy duty 12 volt power converter.I use the power converter via the charge system on the F 150 pick up . This is used in remote locations when the chain saw is needed . The generator is used when main power is down in the house . The generator is only used during storm conditions , which is wired into the house wiring.As for the saw its a great unit . I 've been through electric chain saws in the last twenty years . Most ... . for the most part have served well.The main thing to remember with any saw is the sharpness of the blade . I for one always resharpen the blade and clean the unit after each use . Drain the oil after each use , wipe off any sap with wd-40 , and sharpen the blade . You 'll get a decade or so out of an electric saw that is used on a regular basis.The Poulan Electric 16 '' 3.5 hp Chainsaw is a well made unit and I 'm totally satisfied with its performance ! Do n't forget eye protection with this and any other power tool .
 Needed to take down some small trees ; this saw did the job . Went through 6-8 diameter branches with ease . Does not come with oil , so make sure you have some on hand if you want to use out of the box .
 This is a good chainsaw . I have only used it about 3 hours , so any reliability or wear issues are moot at this point . The best feature -- trivial , but you can see how much bar oil is remaining through the side of the saw.My first chain saw was an antique McCullouch with a 24 in . bar that weighed about 20 lbs . I learned a lot from it , especially that light weight chainsaws are safer than heavy ones.My second chain saw was a HomeLite E-Z 16 '' that was recommended by someone who once rented chain saws . It weighed about 10 lbs and cut fire wood for my stove for 15 years . I literally used this saw up , but it would still crank and cut wood when I got rid of it.What I learned from these two saws is that the most dangerous thing to do is to try and cut a limb or log above your head . The saw will fall onto your thigh . The lighter the saw , the less likely it is that this will happen in an uncontrolled fashion.My next saw was a saw that a professional tree cutter took up a 90 foot tree and topped it with the saw supported by his fully extended arm . I wo n't name the brand because it was a real mess on the ground , leaking bar oil all over the place in spite of repeated attempts to have it repaired.Now I have this Poulan ES-350 . I got it because I am too old to go deeper than an extension cord into the woods , and I am tired of the hazards and frustration associated with cranking the gas models . The electric is light weight , and I have been able to easily saw through 12 in . green maple logs . It is n't as fast at cutting as the above three saws , but it is light enough that one can safely cut at extended arm lengths -LRB- if one is careful -RRB- . A word about chains . The Poulan comes with a `` low kick back '' chain . I do n't know why they make them , probably some regulatory-liability thing , because no chainsaw is kick-back proof , so Beware ! . At any rate , I have read reviews of the replacement chain for this saw saying the the chains do n't last . I have been unable to identify a chain that is n't `` low kick back '' for this saw , so I will use the Poulan replacement chain -LRB- after sharpening the original for a year or so -RRB- . The main reason a chain goes dull is that it hits dirt , sand , rocks or wet wood . You can feel the sharp edge of a cutter blade just as you can feel the sharp edge of a knife . If it feel smooth , instead of `` grabbing '' your finger , it needs sharpening.A word about extension cords . The hidden cost of this saw is a 100 ft. 14 gauge extension cord -LRB- most of the ones you have at home are probably 16 guage - not big enough -RRB- . This brings the total cost of the saw to around $ 125 , compared to $ 250 or even $ 350 for the gasoline saws I mentioned above . I do n't recommend the following , but I have heard that this saw can run with 150 ft of 14 ga. extension cords . I REALLY do n't recommend this , but I have heard that the saw can run with a 100 ft. 12 guage cord plugged into the wall , and 150 ft. of 14 guage exetension cords plugged into the 12 guage cord . -LRB- The longer the cord , the more likely you are to cut through it . -RRB-
 I purchased this saw for a ` yard ' tool on my acreage , to break tree trunks and limbs down to firewood length . Delivery was prompt , the price was right , and my first impressions of the Poulan 3 1/2 hp are very favorable . The bar and chain are the same size and type as my old Homelite saw , and the weight is similar . I 'm using a 25 ' # 14ga . extension cord at present , with no sign of excessive heat in the cord . This is my first a.c. electric saw , and I 'm very impressed with the torque , cutting ability , and overall utility of this unit . I 'd buy it again , and although I nearly purchased the larger four hp . version , I am very satisfied with this saw . After forty plus years of chain saw usage , I 've never owned and seldom needed a bar length of greater than 16 '' . The ` light ' saws have always performed and lasted well for me , and this Poulan fits my needs.Tips
 Moved into a house with overgrown trees in back . Had to do a lot of cutting . Was using a reciprocating saw which worked well but time consuming . Cutting a 10 inch branch took a lot of effort and most often than not bent the saw blade . Was constantly changing blades and the cost was rapidly adding up!So I decided to see what I could get for around $ 125.00 and was surprised to see that I could get a pretty powerful saw for around $ 100 bucks ! I had a cheapie electric chain saw a long time ago that someone left at the old house we lived in . Having a pretty good experience using it , I decided to go for this saw.Suffice to say , I AM NOT DISSAPOINTED . This works very well and I can cut things down in record time ! My only contention is that it uses a lot of oil , but if it saves the saw blade . . so be it ! The other is that it 's a bit heavy to lug up a tree for a person under 145 lbs . It 's hard to handle one handed -LRB- sawing a large branch while trying to hold on with the other hand -RRB- and that could be an adventure . But it works and works well!I would n't hesitate to recommend this to others . Great saw for the price !
 Got this saw a while back cause I knew I 'd need it eventually . Hurricane Ike knocked the top off of a 17 '' diameter tree . Used this saw to finish falling the tree and for getting it into manageable pieces . If you do n't use a saw very often gas models tend to get gummed up and/or hard to start . This beauty of an electric sat and waited until it was needed and then preformed admirably . It chops up 10-12 '' logs like butter . Larger diameters are possible but slower . The product description claims up to 32 '' logs can be cut . Do not buy this saw if you have lumber that big to cut ! I 'm sure it is possible but this is not the saw for jobs that big.I 've owned a few saws including an old 6 '' or 8 '' Sears electric -LRB- nice but it had a manual oiler and it was just too small -RRB- , an electric Remington -LRB- Cheap Junk , noisy -RRB- , a gas powered Homelite -LRB- hard to start , noisy , smoky , vibrates -RRB- , and this Poulan 16 inch electric -LRB- best saw I 've ever owned , fairly quiet , powerful , large enough for some serious work , automatic oiler , etc. -RRB- . BTW order direct from Amazon for a good price and free `` super saver '' shipping . Sometimes other retailers come up that may not offer as good of a deal . Shop around .
 I recently had a VERY large oak tree blow over in my front yard . I tried to get my $ 250 STIHL gas powered saw to start and as usual it refused to cooperate . I have bad arthritis in my shoulders and ca n't pull the starter cord very hard . I used this Poulan to cut that whole tree into carry-away size pieces with absolutely no problems . Even with a 100ft . extension cord it has plenty of power to cut through 14-16 '' limbs . If you know how to use and care for a chainsaw , you can not find a better deal than this one . Ed in Lousiana
 I hesitated with the 4 hp 18 inch blade , which is highly rated , but i went with that one . I can tell you I love my poulan , it is very powerful ! It cuts like a charm ... I was able to cut trees up to 12 inches in diameter , and I was able to cut a piece of trunk that was about 28 inches in diameter and I did n't have any problem at all . As with other chainsaws , you do have a little bit of oil leaking , but it does n't bother me.I highly recommend it .
 I have used several different brands of gas powered chainsaws over the years and find this electric to be ABSOLUTELY as good as any of them . The fact of having to fight an extension cord is balanced by the fact of NOT having to fight the gas/oil mixing and the all-too-often hard starting . The ONLY disadvantage is when the electricity is out or not available like in the deep woods . For those times , I have my Stihl . I have used this Poulan electric after two disasters - Hurricane Gustav and the great snow of 2008 . Both events brought medium-sized trees and really big limbs down and this thing went through everything like they were warm butter . The auto-oiler works perfectly and does NOT over-oil . The chain life has surprised me with how loooong it lasted . I would highly recommend this $ 67 -LRB- Amazon -RRB- chainsaw to anyone . It 's not designed for the really big stuff or the long days of hard use like the big heavy duty Stihl but it is waaaaay adequate for use around our home . 5 stars !!!
 Although electric and fairly small , this is a serious chainsaw , and exactly what I needed to cut up limbs after a recent ice storm . It goes easily through branches up to 12 inches in diameter . Can cut bigger ones , but they take longer . It is fairly light , so a medium sized person can use it . Only maintenance is to wipe off wood chips when done . Blade adjustment seems sturdy , although it is a little early to know for sure.Came all set up and ready to use . Has auto oiler , which is the only way to go . Many at this price level do n't , so I needed to read the ads carefully .
 This Poulan ES350 is an excellent electric chain saw and it has plenty of horsepower , but it not 3.5 horsepower . I did some research and learned where this 3.5 HP rating came from and it 's not 3.5 HP . It is , as printed on the saw , 3.5 Peak HP . That rating is obtained by putting the motor on a test bench and monitoring the current while a brake is applied to the motor . As the current increases due to the brake force the current is recorded . When the motor finally stalls the current is shown to be approximately 32 Amps.Electrically ... 1 HP = 746 WattsAnd , Watts = Volts x AmpsMost electric motors are also derated as a result of efficiency and other factors.Do the math :115 Volt x 32 Amp x .72 -LRB- eff factor -RRB- / 746 watts = 3.5 Peak HPI . E. , it 's a sales gimmick that does n't tell you much except that each bench test toasts a motor.I 'm running 225 feet of extension cord . That 's 200 feet of 12AWG and 25 feet of 14AWG . I also installed a fuse box in series with the cords . I started with a 5 Amp slo-blo fuse . It held for approximately a minute then opened . Then I installed a 7 Amp slo-blo fuse and have been cutting since then . I 'm cutting out stumps so believe me this little Poulan ES350 is standing up to my test bench.With my 225 feet of cord I 'll guess that I 'm getting :110 Volt x 6 Amp x .72 -LRB- eff -RRB- / 746 Watts = 0.6 HPEven that 0.6 sounds like a lot for these little dinky motors . But who am I to argue with the numbers ?
 This is the first chain saw I 've owned , although I 've used 3 or 4 over the years . I first used it to fell a 25 foot tree . The Poulan made short work of limbs up to 10 inches in diameter , cutting them through in less than 15 seconds . The motor maintained speed even when I was base cutting the trunk at ground level and the entire length of the blade was buried in the work . The chain tension adjustment is dead simple , and takes less than 1 minute using the all-in-one adjustment tool provided.This saw is well balanced and easy to work with from a ladder or the ground . I 've had no oil problems , nor does the unit does not leak when in storage . All in all , a great tool and a very low price .
 I purchased this saw to replace a 14 year old Craftsman that finally decided not to start and I am very well pleased with the Poulan . It has plenty of power and made quick work of the two trees that came down during the last storm . I used 150 feet of power cord and had no problems at all . Together with the B&D Alligator , I am now a totally electric chain saw user . Though I have only used the Poulan for a couple of days , I feel it will be a tremendous asset in the future . It is lightweight and very easy to use . A case for it would have been nice and the wrench that came with it was not the best , but the Craftsman wrench fit the Poulan so that was n't a problem .
 Great price , quality product , fast delivery . Would check with this source first for future purchases .
 My husband is very pleased with the chain saw ! It has adequate power and is very easy to use .
 I purchased this saw because it was on sale.We had some bushes that needed to come down in the backyard . We decided on this electric saw instead of gas and I 'm glad we did . The saw arrived soon after and we started cutting . It is lightweight , tough and cuts very well . I sharpened the blade maybe once or twice the whole time . We cut down some large limbs off these bushes and I also managed to get the stumps up with this saw.This is one of my smartest purchases and would recommend this electric saw to anyone looking for a lightweight saw with great cutting power .
 This saw is very good for small clean up.Not great on hardwood larger than 6in diameter .
 So , I promised quite some time ago that I would compare how my Borneo Giant fared up in Vermont . This is due to someone giving it a two star rating for dying in 34 degree weather in Florida . I gave it some proper research and figured I could take excellent care of such a plant , even though I live in a climate where -30 degrees is commonplace during the winter.Well , I have owned the Alocasia for roughly one year now . During this time it has remained an easy-to-handle size , occasionally growing a new leaf while shedding an old one . I 've found that it seems to prefer indirect , heavily shaded light and near-daily light watering.So , my advice for the plant is to keep it around the 60-70 degree range . It seems to thrive in that temperature range , and handles being brought inside excellently . Monitoring the weather tells me precisely when to bring it in . If it gets nippy out , I bring the Alocasia in . Nice and simple.In short , do n't take that two star review seriously . I live in one of the coldest climates in the United States , and this plant has yet to die . I highly recommend one for the gardener who does n't mind putting in some extra effort .
 Lovely -- as long as you nurture through the growing season . Ca n't imagine these would survive much further north than Dallas -- if there !
 They work great . Create a barrier for the edge of my deck along with providing a seat that does n't eat up much deck space .
 I built a 17 ' by 12 ' bench with these brackets and the same composite material my deck is made out of . It is very sturdy and does not have much wobble . I really love that they take up so little of your deck , saving you room . They are easily installed and just what I was looking for ! Excellent product !!
 The brackets and instructions were up to par and the assembly process was pretty straight forward . However as others have noted , the hardware , particularly the phillips head screws were a pain . I opted to use screws that either used a T-25 or T-20 drive bit . I also chose to use 5/4 cedar or pressure treated stock for the seat , seat backs , and toe kicks . I placed the brackets on 16 '' centers .
 We installed these 6 months ago and have been thrilled ! Excellent directions and the web site had additional variations and pictures indivduals have successfully installed . Feels very safe and sturdy . Will definitely be ordering more as we remodel our deck !
 I 've been looking for this type of product for quite awhile . As soon as the weather breaks I intend on installing these on my deck . Since the hardware is included these should be a breeze to install . The instructions are very easy to follow . A great value which will allow me to order more to finish up my deck .
 I was a bit apprehensive about buying these brackets and thought that the method of anchoring them to the deck would result in a bench that would flex when I pushed back on it . I was wrong and the bench is much sturdier than I thought it would be.I did end up putting two more screws in per bracket on the bottom near the front.Overall these created a good looking , easy to install bench . I highly recommend them . They are cheaper than buying redwood to build your own bench brackets .
 This is a fantastic product.They save you time and the fact that the brackets do not take up hardly any deck space is great.Highly recommended .
 The Deck Bench Brackets were sand color with black screws and made the bench installation as easy as it could be . I used 5/4 '' by 6 '' decking boards for the back , better result than 2 X 4s . Brackets made for a strong bench result .
 I received the brackets within the time period alloted from Amazon.comHowever I recently noticed that one of the packages only contained one bracket rather than the two that should of been in it.Very disappointing.The Brackets that I 've used so far seem to work pretty well . The only flaw that I have is that the hardware that comes with the brackets is of very poor quality . I had to go out to the hardware store and purchase about $ 30 worth of new lag screws and deck screws . -LRB- For 12 total brackets -RRB- .
 I run about 13 ' of bench covering one side of my deck.I used 2x6 wood for bottom pieces -LRB- seat and lower rail -RRB- and 5/4 x 6 for back rest to maximize seating depth . The seating area rests on 5/4 x 6 `` extenders '' that I screwed on top of bracket , they extend seating area 's depth . The bench seating depth , as constructed per instructions , is on the shallow side.I spaced the brackets a bit further than recommended . I also attached both sides of bench railing to posts on the deck and back rests are enclosed with side pieces that also attach to said posts . I followed the enclosed instructions here that show correct angles to properly integrate the bench with railing/posts . I tested the bench before attaching to posts and it was n't too bad . It was n't rock stable but more than enough to trust it.All in all , the bench is very very solid and the brackets saved me some wood/thinking about how to construct them without making major mistakes .
 Great product , added an 8 foot bench to my deck without giving up much deck space . I used 2x6 deck board for a great look .
 this really opens up a smaller deck as it only takes a few inches of the surface . nothing but compliments for an hours work -LRB- 6 brackets -RRB- . very well done , some screws were a little tough to get in , but overall an easy install . the sportsmans guide shipped very fast with no problems.VERY happy with this purchase .
 These work nice and are very easy to use . It makes for quick work if building a deck bench with little or no hard measuring and leveling involved .
 I bought these because I have a small / narrow deck -LRB- 8x16 -RRB- and I wanted to save as much room as possible , yet still have seating for several people and a BBQ . I was concerned about how plastic frames would look , and if they would be strong enough for what I needed . I did not build according to their direct plan , as I used 1x4 's and 1x6 's for a more creative look and design . I stained the wood to almost an identical color as the plastic frames so the framework would not glare out and be a focal point.The end result is a `` L '' shaped seating arrangement 10 feet long by 5 feet on the end . Plenty strong as I used a couple extra supports over their recommendation for saftey . I also screwed them down in a couple extra spots . The seating looks great , takes up very little space , and saved me a bunch of time . Anytone could build this.Cushions on the bottom are recommended if sitting for a long period . The seat is not real deep , and solid wood is just that , solid .
 Great product , easy to use . I built 1 bench out of cedar and have 2 to go . Very excited to get them done ... takes up very little deck space !
 I had an initial problem with installation , only from the standpoint that I was n't sure on the process . As I installed more of them , the installation became a breeze . Am especially happy that the benches take up so little of the deck space . I would highly recommend this product to others .
 These deck bench brackets rock . We modified the design a bit . Added a 2x4 on top to extend it one more deck board . It makes a much more comfortable bench and looks a little more asthetically pleasing . I highly recommend them for simplicity of building as well as strength . By the way , we used trex contours to build the benches , but pressure treated for the back 2x4 .
 We had a very small deck but decided to put benches around the U-shaped area and the deck is completely transformed . The brackets are great and were easy to install , make sure to use good wood . This is definitely a two person job but we got it done in less than one weekend .
 We added these to an old deck that was handed down from my in-laws . The deck is now in its third generation , but the deck brackets have added new life to a plain deck . I did a corner configuration with 2X6 's as opposed to the 2X4 's recommended . This gives it a beefier construction . The brackets themselves are very sturdy and they also come with ALL the hardware you will need . It has hardware to fasten the brackets to the deck AND hardware for all of the wood . This saves a ton of time and money in my opinion . It 's important to cut all of the pieces carefully and use a level often , but the directions are very clear . With the corner configuration , I can put a square patio table there for the people sitting on both sides and still put chairs around the other side . This takes up practically no room at all on the deck . When my in-laws had it -LRB- the deck -RRB- on their 5th wheel , it seemed very cluttered and small with all of their furniture . Now I have a ton of space left for a sitting area because of these great benches . We had many neighbors stop by and admire the brackets , complaining that they had to build their own brackets when they made benches . We used 6 brackets total , and each bench is about 60 '' long .
 As a Boston Celtics fan this was a perfect gift for my sports fan . He loved it and is was very sturdy . Would highly recommend .
 I purchased this bench and a picnic table . I was able to put both together in just a couple of hours . NOTE
 I was quite pleased with the product . It was all that it said in the promo , and worked better than I thought it would . I would reccommend this , and will use this product again .
 We used 2 of theses item to make 2 5 foot benches as a part of our son 's Eagle Project - a prayer trail for a local church . They were simple to use , and made this part of the project go extremely easy . We used economy 2x4s because of cost constraints , but you could use any wood you want and really dress them up . We plan to buy some for making chairs with the left over pieces from the benches .
 I actually have 2 of these . The first I got over 5 years ago . I used pressure treated 2x4 . It is outside year round and is in perfect condition .
 These loppers are perfect for use in clearing brush . With the ratchet cutting design , large branches and small trees and brush can be cut without fear that the loppers are being overpowered . The blades are sharp and with the telescopic design of the handles I can reach higher into trees to trim branches and can cut items at ground level without bending at the waist nearly as much as with my old loppers . The bypass design is very efficient at cutting green branches , brush , and small trees . Very satisfied with the loppers at an excellent price from Amazon .
 I have bought several of these flags for several bikes . Always satisfied . Superb product , especially at such a low price . Seller customer service was excellent
 I bought this to alert the snowplow driver of my recently posted property number . Shortly after the sign was installed , the plow hit and bent it . Hopefully this will prevent another occurrence .
 Ever try to find a pallet jack when it wants to hide . We pop riveted these onto our pallet jacks and they are easy to find out in the shop . The only drawback , but not worth taking away a star is that the flag is removable . It can be lifted off the top of the fiberglass whip . Otherwise very satisfied with purchase .
 Wow , you start looking at these flags and there 's all kinds but I decided on this one and am glad I did . Perfect for a bike but also good for electric scooters and power chairs . The flag is a bright color !!! Several of my friends have electric scooters and ca n't wait to order theirs . I am very happy with this purchase and think you will be also . Amazon is great !!!!!
 I bought this because after a remodeling project last summer our recessed bulbs had burned out . Since the ceilings were vaulted , some bulbs were abut 12 ft up -LRB- just an approximate guess -RRB- . Anyways , we had R16 bulbs , which are only 2 inches wide . In addition they were housed in an eyeball type fixture . The suction cup on our other bulb changing kit was way too big . The red suction cup on this worked perfectly !
 I have a light fixture that I ca n't get my hand into to change the bulb . This bulb changer works great . I mounted it onto a mop handle . I drilled a hole in the handle to use the locking device to hold it in place for when you unscrew the bulb . The bulb changer does not come with a handle but it comes with a locking device for a handle .
 - I 've only used the mid-size cup for indoor floodlights , but they all work on the same idea - suction cups . - It 's much easier using this than getting out the ladder to change high bulbs . - It does take a little practice to get a feel for how to make/break the suction seal when installing/removing a bulb.Overall , I would highly recommend this .
 Recently I replaced my outdoor security light with a hooded fixture that will not allow the use of the conventional spring-loaded ` finger ' - type grabber that I have used for 25 years . The largest of the three suction cups in this kit is the PERFECT size to use with my PAR-type floodlights , obviating the need to find secure footing for a very tall ladder . -LRB- The largest of the three suction cups can be purchased separately , but the three-pack will take care of everything that you 'll ever need to unscrew . -RRB- The neatest thing about these bulb changers is that each one has tabs for attaching a length of string , and a gentle tug of the string breaks the seal between the bulb and the suction cup once the installation is complete.The description of the kit did not include any specific size information , but when I contacted the manufacturer 's Customer Service department , a very helpful representative actually pulled the product and measured the suction cups for me ! She also said that the old bulb should be relatively clean when removed , which is easily accomplished by first using a damp rag on the end of your extension pole . The company also sells extension poles for use with this product , but it adapted easily to the pole that I already had.Updated on 7/7/12 : I had n't planned on using this bulb changer so soon , but a severe storm caused our power to repeatedly flick off and then back on several times before it finally went down . When power was restored , one of my floodlights had been knocked out . I had n't had time to attach the above-mentioned string to the rubber suction cup , but I just wiped the face of the old bulb with a damp paper towel and dampened the suction cup , and the bulb replacement went off without a hitch -- no slipping , no lost suction , no problem getting it to let go . Fantastic !
 This light bulb grabber works very well as long as you are careful to ensure that the bulb is securely held before attempting to install a new bulb . I had no problem removing the burned out recessed bulb from my high ceiling , but my first try at putting in the replacement bulb resulted in a shattered bulb . I found that wiping the grabber with a damp -LRB- just barely damp , not wet -RRB- cloth first made the suction between grabber and bulb more secure and I was able to easily screw in the new bulb .
 We have a number of flood lights inside and outside of our home . Of course most of them are difficult to reach . We bought the Mr. Long-Arm light fixture grabber to attach to our 16 ' painting long-arm . The grabber fit perfectly and very easily removed and replaced bulbs . We highly recommend this product as compared to tall shaky ladders and potential falls there-from .
 Read the other positive reviews about this , most ring true to my experience - be prepared , wear eye protection , put down a tarp , moisten the cup a little bit - I still dropped a bulb , fortunately it fell into a garbage bucket I had placed in front of me , `` just in case '' , it was still luck that the bulb made the garbage canIt still beats trying to fit a ladder into a very tight fit for space.All-in-all thumbs up !
 worked well for us to put bulbs in on a 18 ft ceiling worked well for us to put bulbs in on a 18 ft ceiling
 Read the reviews on this product and decided to give it a try . Ceiling in living room is 23 feet high with recessed thermal canned flood lights . This took plenty of practice to get it right and I only lost one of 6 floods I was replacing . If you have patience , the ability to balance an object on the end of a long pole while aiming for a `` bullseye '' without losing your temper , go for it . Plan on sacrificing a bulb or two in the learning process.All in all , I am happy with the purchase . If I did n't have super long life bulbs and I had to use it monthly ... I 'd have more of opportunity to perfect my skill . Did I mention you will need to practice ?
 Easy to follow instructions and works great ! I have very high ceilings with lamps . This is exactly what I needed to replace the bulbs . Note you need a matching long pole -LRB- not included in this -RRB-
 I see many heartbreaks in the emergency room where people unaccustomed to ladders fall with tragic injury . This product is excellent in quality to change bulbs under the eves on the second and third story of my house . Best of all , it keeps my feet on the ground .
 I searched everywhere locally to find a light bulb changer . Even got quoted $ 179 for some ridiculous contraption from an electrical trader . I had a dead lightbulb in a stairwell that , even using one of those adjustable ladders , I could n't get close enough to reach the darned thing . So many nights of stumbling up and down stairs . Enough was enough . Got onto Amazon and discovered Mr LongArm . @ $ 15 plus postage and handling and I had it in 7 days . When I got the package and looked at what I 'd got , I honestly thought that this may not work . I happily discovered that the connection fitted a paint rod that I had . My first thought was &#34; ok , let 's see if I can reach the bulb . It sucked onto the end of the bulb and presto ! It was out . I grabbed the new bulb and it was in within seconds . All that heartache gone in less than a minute ! What a great product . I have no idea why there are no retailers for this product in Australia but I guess that 's Amazon 's gain and their loss .
 I was skeptical , but this is a great product . Suction design requires smooth bulb surface , so will not work with new LED bulbs with slotted face.Tips -LRB- 1 -RRB-
 I crammed the yellow colored size into the end of my shop-vac nozzle and with three nozzle extensions and standing on a chair I was able to just reach the bulb that had been dead for about 6 months . Then it took only about 15 minutes to get steady enough and remove the old bulb and replace it with the new bulb . It tested my concentration and steady hand , but in the end it worked . The higher the ceiling the trickier it probably is . I failed to buy the Mr. LongArm pole , so I ended up saving some money . Had n't planned on using the shop-vac , but it was sitting there , and to my surprise the yellow handle fit perfectly snug in the shop-vac nozzle . The yellow cup actually can provide some suction to help when rotating the bulb into the socket . So this was money well spent , since I would have otherwise had to get a taller ladder . Since it performed just like it was intended and saved me from additional efforts , frustration , and perhaps broken bones , I give Mr. LongArm the highly coveted and richly deserved maximum five star rating .
 Ordered for my Homelite 240 with the 18 '' bar and the 91 sprocket . A good price for a hard to find item . Shipped and delivered on time .
 The chain fit my Homelite saw and I was cutting through downed trees from Super Storm Sandy like butter . There were none of these on the local store shelves , but this chain was well-priced and arrived quickly .
 Great value for the price . This chain size is not that common , so it was hard to find at the `` big box '' stores . Price and quality of item is outstanding .
 I think it 's ridiculous that any 18 '' chain ca n't fit any 18 '' chain saw ! I could n't find this chain locally so I got it through here . It fit perfectly and cuts fine ... what more can I say ?
 This is a really lovely little picnic bag , but I purchased it because it 's waterproof and large enough to store my outsize books during long trips to and from the bus stop in the rain . It 's roomy and very well constructed , no loose seams or strings dangling . It sits flat on a reinforced bottom , although some little metal studs or feet would have been a nice addition . The straps are JUST big enough to get over your shoulder , it 's clearly intended primarily as a hand-carry bag rather than a shoulder bag . The color scheme is pleasant and looks very classy.A few things about this bag could use improvement , though . Inside there is no separation , and while I like this for carrying big things , I wish there was a sewn-in small pouch or zipper pocket to fit keys or other small items in that tend to float around in the bag . Even if I was just using this for picnics , it would be nice to have some designated small item storage . Additionally , the velcro closure on the front pocket is total crap ; I would n't put anything more expensive than a pencil in there , it 's completely not secure . A zipper would have been far better , or even snaps!Over all I am very satisfied with the value I got for the price of this item . It 's gotten me a couple of compliments already and does exactly what I need it to do .
 We purchased this hanging chair for our living room . I wanted something to match my red decor . I suppose the color could be called a dusty pink , but it 's dusty enough that it works with my reds . I 'm very happy with it 's looks compared to other chairs out there.The cord that it is made of appears to be nylon . Very silky and smooth to the touch . This is very pleasant to touch , BUT ... If you sit on this with pants that have a rear pocket and BUTTON closure , the button WILL catch on the fine cording . -LRB- You have to scoot around in this chair a bit to get comfortable and rear buttons are bound to catch , even if unbuttoned . -RRB- The real problem arises when you get up and walk away
 I bought this feeder at a local store several years ago but the plastic bottle became brittle & cracked so I had to throw it away . Since then , I 've tried four different feeders and noticed the hummers do n't feed as much now , even though I provide fresh sugar water frequently as always . They miss their old feeder ! Thank goodness I 've found them here on Amazon.com & bought two . Now my little friends will be happy once more !
 Hummingbirds are easily attracted to it . Would have perfered it was glass instead of plastic .
 Very pretty , and durable feeder - I placed this outside my work window and the little hummers love it !
 it 's hard to tell if the item works or if the mice found another home . since i plugged it it i haven 's had any problems , but i also used poison on them before - maybe they are no longer alive . So far so good and i am happy with the purchase .
 I had a horrible experience . I had a possum die in my garage and it was hidden behind some boxes , apparently for some time . . the odor was aweful ! I bought one of these and it have had it over a month . There is not one bug in my garage . . nor any larger creatures ! Awesome ! I am buying one for my basement . .
 I 've tried ultrasonic pest repellants years ago and they did n't work . Those were also supposed to repel bugs and they did n't do that either . I decided to try this product as it targeted only rodents -LRB- I was getting mice -RRB- and it had a very high rating from other purchasers.I bought two -LRB- have two homes - not because I 'm rich but have grown daughter who wo n't move out of one of them ! -RRB- and put one in each house . I also bought peppermint oil -LRB- also a rodent repellant -RRB- but had n't gotten around to using it in one of the houses . Neither house has any mice since I plugged these in .
 I like the fact that it clicks -LRB- not real loud -RRB- . I 'm using it at work and the first few days , I could see the bugs trying to escape . One morning there were even some dead ones . The bug situation has definitely improved . I guess if it ever stops clicking , it 's time to buy a new one .
 Worked as promised . I had squires living in my empty AC wall unit . With in a week they were gone.Update , they came back after two weeks . I ended up calling an exterminator . That would be my best suggestion .
 This was a very good buy , very effective and we seem to have no more mice ! Every room has one of these . Both cats are totally unaffected , which is great ! Shipping was very quick and overall this was an excellent purchase !
 Well , ever since I installed Pest Patrol , I have not seen any pests . Now , that is either because the unit works so well or because the pests decided to make their home elsewhere , for reasons of their own . Considering the very accessible cost of the unit , it matters not . I am greatly satisfied with the results .
 I have problems with mice in the basement and after using the LENTEK Pest Patrol they seem be staying away . Have not seen any mice droppings in almost a month now . I have a basement that is about 25x25 and one Pest Patrol is doing the job . Good product !
 I am very satisfied with the nozzle . I am probably using it at the lowest flow it will tolerate , but it still forms a very nice bell . The trumpet splashes too much for my application , but in a larger setting it would be fine as well .
 This kit offers two different types of fountain head and both work great . Fit right on my Beckett pump and I 'm sure the fish are happy with it . They ar n't glaring at me , so they must like it . All you can ask of a nozzle kit is that it fit the pump you have and it works and this one does both .
 Pretty easy to put together , has a nice effect on the pond . The waterbell effect is so quiet . I prefer the trumpet effect it makes a soothing splash , but not too much .
 I got these to make my own flower pot fountain . They worked great and now I have a beautiful flower pot fountain in my back yard for my friends and family to enjoy !
 This is a great propane grill . Although not as spacious as others for less cash , it has been top quality . It has a reasonably accurate propane gas gauge . It is super easy to give that occasion cleaning . Meat cooks great with consistency and accuracy -LRB- after you get used to it -RRB- . I just wish it was a bit bigger and had more room for a cast iron smoke box . You can use one these to provide more flavor in the meat but the `` flarozier bars '' are pretty high and getting the box in is a tight fit . This is a great grill throughout -LRB- other than it 's utilitarian size -RRB- , it also has survived Houston summers very well .
 I really like this grill . Like others have said , it is a little small , but for me -LRB- and most of the people I grill with -RRB- , it 's plenty big . I like the independantly controllable burners , and like the fact that they are parrallel side to side rather than front to back , so that you get a very wide area for indirect grilling -LRB- e.g. for ribs -RRB- . Weber customer service is also top-notch . I had some problems with the grates cracking -LRB- ! -RRB- , and they immediately sent me new grates via Fed-Ex . I would definitely recommend this grill for the casual griller .
 Brushtech sells TWO identicle looking grill brushes however both of different quality so be careful which one you purchase . This model number is MODEL
 I bought this brush because I wanted something that would not scratch my porcelain coated grates . It worked great .
 This sweeper is by far the best made sweeper on the market . . I purchased the Agri-Fab top of the line and returned it within one week due to design and contructions problems , read my review on that product.This Sweeper is easy to assemble and use . Very well made , no weak points , cleans fast , and stores using less space .
 I ended up buying the 50 '' ohio Steel lawn sweeper from yard and garden direct and got free shipping ... I do n't know how they can sell it for that cheap and include shipping . Took about 45 minutes to put together very easy . I borrowed a friends agri-fab sweeper but this sweeper is waaaaaay better . Could n't be happier
 I purchased 1 of these leaf sweepers , and was very happy with it . Assembly time was only 45 minutes , and it is a very well made sweeper . I live in the woods , and have 125 trees on my property . This unit makes my job so much easier . -LRB- I did not purchase it from Amazon , because it was cheaper to order it from Home Depot . They had free shipping on this item , so my total cost shipped was $ 295 . -RRB-
 WOW , WOW , WOW ... Medium-type putting together , so carve out a pre-dinner task ... But , I used it on my acre and front yard that first night -LRB- after a previous day 's rain -RRB- and was somewhat happy at the pick-up ... not all of them but you could tell that it was working . I THEN read the manual ... do n't we all do that !!! and found that the setting to lower the brushes was at medium . I changed it the next day and BOY does it work ... really GREAT job ... It even has a pull cord so you can release the picked-up leaves WITHOUT getting off the mower !!! .
 We decided to get something to help with the leaf pickup on our 1.4 acres . We looked at the grass catcher for our John Deere lawn tractor and at the power leaf vacuums , but both products were expensive -LRB- more than $ 1000 -RRB- and have engines that require ongoing maintenance . Instead we bought the 50-inch Ohio Steel Lawn sweeper for around $ 400 . We could n't be happier with its performance . My husband raves about the excellent job the sweeper does and how much it has reduced the time cleaning up the leaves . Assembly was a breeze . The instructions were excellent , allowing me to assemble the sweeper myself in about 1 hour . In our opinion , the Ohio Steel Lawn sweeper to be a heavy duty piece of equipment that is WELL WORTH the money .
 I 've used this sweeper at least 3 times since it arrived . First it was very easy to assemble , and it is well built . I live in a wooded area and have a lot of leaves and twigs . I started late in the season and had too many leaves piled up . I picked up the large piles and any large twigs . Also , raked leaves away from the house and any structure . Being satisfied with my efforts I started using my sweeper and I was thrilled with the way it picked up leaves , small twigs , acorns , hickory nuts , and pine needles . Yes , you will need to empty it quiet often and some twigs can cause the wheel to lock up . If you pay attention to items that could wedge the wheels and pick these up before you start , you should have no trouble . I rate this 5 stars , because it does what the factory says it will do and it is sturdy and priced right . I 'm 61 and I get out of breath easier and I needed help . Boy , what a help this unit is.SG2
 I was perfectly satisfied with the pots - they are terra cotta plant pots , not much else to say . However , instead of the 12 I ordered and paid for , I received only 7 in the box . The vendor was a little slow to respond -LRB- 7 days , maybe I 'm unreasonable -RRB- but willingly offered a refund for the balance of 5 . I enjoyed their reasoning , though . `` We ca n't send you 5 because the item ships in a case of 12 . '' But they could send me 7 ? All in all , settled amicably .
 The pillows look very nice on our patio however the stiching was a little loose , but otherwise very nice for the price .
 Very nice indoor - outdoor pillow . Excellent accent pillow with the Strathwood line of furniture .
 I like that I can get a variety of sprouts in one large order , in a timely manner . I also like that they come with directions on the package for newbies like me -LCB- : o -RRB-
 I was very pleased with the variety of seeds available in this assortment . It 's a great deal for a very good product . I 've often gotten frustrated with sprouting , it seemed like a lot of work for very little yield . My first attempt with these seeds yielded about two cups of sprouted lentils from a half cup of seed . My second attempt yielded nearly four cups of salad sprouts from about a quarter cup of seeds ! This assortment will definitely keep my family in fingertip gardens for some time to come.The only thing that was at all annoying was that the seeds now come in vacuum sealed bags with a basic label . No sprouting instructions at all . The two salad blends were actually unlabeled , I figured out what they were and marked them with a sharpie . There 's enough information online that it 's not a problem , just not what I expected from a previous review.This may be an overwhelming amount of seeds for someone who just wants to experiment . But if you 're in love with the fresh taste of home grown sprouts this is exactly what you need to keep a variety in your life .
 I love these sprouting seeds . They are of high quality and sprout easily . Each one has its own directions , so just follow accordingly . I recommend them highly . I use these sprouts with a a Seed Sprouter by Hirts which is only $ 10.95 and it works great ! i get great results with this sprouter vs. using a jar . It 's fun to play around and taste a variety of them . I am also learning different types .
 Ordered the sprouts and the package arrived in less than a week . There were a few broken bags , but they were replaced in less than a week after I called . All the seed I 've sprouted so far have a very high germination rate . Overall , I 'd recommend this product to anyone who enjoys growing their own sprouts .
 This collection offers a nice assortment of organic seeds ... most of them sprouted well in our FreshLife sprouter , though the garbonzo beans were pretty much a mess . This is a big sampler pack , so now that I know which sprouts grow well and are tasty I can just get specific seeds in the future instead of an assortment .
 I received my package of seeds and everything I have tried is very healthy fast sprouting seeds.I recommend this product !
 Such a great bargain for so much food ! Being new to sprouting , this was a great way to find out which sprouts I liked the best . All the seeds appear to be great quality and I never came across any that would n't sprout . Compared to other options around the net , this seems to be a great deal for the types , quality , quantity of sprouts you get . A great way to eat healthy on a budget !
 These packs came in very sturdy , heavy foil-like bags with zip-lock tops . As long as I keep these bags dry and cool these seeds are going to last a long time.Everything is sprouting beautifully ... the variety is absolutely wonderful.I would not recommend such a large supply for a gift or for beginners though ... this is for those who want to keep a good stock of product while maintaining variety but do n't want a 25 gallon bucket of seeds.I give five stars for the prompt delivery , condition of product upon arrival , satisfaction of growth-rate and performance , and for the provision of sprouting seeds in a large , diverse package .
 I use these spikes in my indoor palms . I have a huge Madagascar dragon tree palm , lots of various smaller palms , a sugar stalk palm , etc. . All love these spikes and I keep ordering more . I fertilize about every other month , using 2-3 spikes on medium size plants and up to 5-6 in my big pots.Palms are ideal year-round greens for houses , apartments , they tend to grow very well . Just do n't over water , that 's about it .
 I have Majesty Palms that I love and I baby them every chance I get . This product has shown me a noticeable difference in there color and overall health . I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone with palms . I am very pleased
 I just purchased this product a short time ago but can see results in my Ponytail Palm already !! Would buy again !
 We use these fertilizer spikes religiously for our palm tree collection . We live in Idaho and palm trees take a lot of tender care in our climate , even indoors . These spikes make a real difference in their overall health .
 I purchased this fertizler I wanted something inexpensive but also wanted something that will work well . . I have 3 majesty palms . Anybody that know anything about this palms is that they are hard to keep green and require alot of maintenance . I actually keep my palms outside and I know the fertizler I bought said indoor but I took a chance and everything is working out fine all 3 palms are green and sprouting new leaves about every 3-4 weeks glad I bought this item for a reasonable price .
 WOW , these are nice binoculars . Ca n't believe how sharp and clear they bring birds into focus -- feel like I 'm right on top of them .
 These are very easy to adjust to different users . I wear glasses and the feature for glasses is great . I was amazed how far and how much I can see . I have n't used them so much for birds as they are not migrating at this time . I am looking forward to the fall migrating season
 Flag was well made looks good and the price was the most competitive plus shipping . You will not go wrong with this one if the price does not go up .
 That is all . -LRB- but also , it 's a well-made flag I 've got no complaints with . durable , two-sided , hangs over my desk with pride -RRB-
 Works every game day , best to take it down between events , well made and will last a long time , for sure .
 Very well made , heavy duty product . If there are any drawbacks , it 's such a heavy duty material it takes a stiff breeze for it to wave on a vertical flag pole . Great value .
 Very happy with quality of flag . Highly recommend ! Image on both sides make it great for flying on flag pole .
 Length :
 Will come back after -LRB- 3 -RRB- months and let you know about chlorine usage . The install was a bit complicatedas the instructions included seem to be made for a pool man and not the average homeowner . The diagramincluded looked like a 100th generation photocopy with little detail . Thanks Google for having lot 's ofinformation about this product as once I read some more information on-line the install was easy . Wishthe included instructions had more details . Someone else may find them to be ok but for me not.Ordered and received within a couple of days and took about an hour to install it as I am quite carefulwith stuff like ` drilling into pool lines ' . No leaks at all with the included hardware as it seems likethe company has their stuff together as all parts felt sturdy including the main upright unit . It lookslike a sturdy piece and should stand up for years.I did read online that the connection at the bottom of the unit , with the BB type valve , can become gummed upwith chlorine residue and should be checked every once in a while , just letting you know.Would of given -LRB- 5 -RRB- stars with better instructions.It 's been about a week now and just checked the chlorine level today and YAHOO it 's high ! I have been placingchlorine tablets in the skimmer basket and a floating thing with wastefull results . Now I have a high level ofchroline and the pool water is perfect !!!!!!
 Good product . As advertised . I switched to this from the Hayward product becuase the Haywards only lasted me a few years and I thought that I would try this . Thus far , it is working fine . Lets see if it stands the test of time .
 The heater & the costumer service was wonderful ! Was shipped in two days . Perfect to heat our outdoor patio on chilly AZ evenings .
 It took awhile to put it together , but it works just fine . I was hoping it would heat a greater area , but perhaps my expectations were too high . We live in New England and I was hoping that I could sit on the deck in ~ 35 degree weather with a jacket . That would work , but I have to sit right up against the base of the heater , so not too practical for more than one or two people . But , again , I think my expectations were too high . I 'm still happy I bought it .
 Es una amenaza contra los pavones , lo us&eacute; un solo d&iacute;a y pesque mas de 7 ejemplares , tambien sirve para otros peces , es muy manejable con la ca & ntilde ; a por el peso que tiene al momento de lanzar el se & ntilde ; uelo en la modalidad de casting , el contra es que se le cay&oacute; la pintura en un solo d&iacute;a pero vali&oacute; la pena usarlo , un solo d&iacute;a y lo regal&eacute; , sin embargo por debajo es como pl&aacute;stico blanco y me di cuenta que la persona que lo usaba esta feliz tambien porque pesc&oacute; .
 I continue to be impressed by the quality and craftsmanship Novica Artisans offer . This mobile , handcrafted by Peruvian artist Maricarmen Elias , is amazing . Not only is it more beautiful than I gathered from the Novica-provided photograph but it arrived more carefully wrapped than a newborn baby . It 's not very often that you feel you should have paid MORE for a purchase ... but in this case I felt humbled by the care Ms. Elias put into her craft and the care Novica put into it 's customer 's shipment . Novica has fast become my favorite online merchant .
 I 've had one since before y2k , although I do n't remember when . I bought it at a trade show . This is a corded model , there is no `` battery to recharge '' as the other reveiwer stated . The good news is that it does even thick grass -LRB- midwest farm grass -RRB- in mulch mode about as fast as I can walk . I 've used it for trim work on a 2/3 acre lot , and occasionally the whole front -LRB- when my gas lawn tractor needs repair -RRB- . You have to be mindful of the cord , and I 'm not particular to the rear bag . Keeping that in mind , it 's a powerful little thing , and is so lightweight that no exertion is required to push at all - takes more energy to move the cord around . With a side discharge , and keeping in mind that it 's 13 inch cut path is n't meant for large yards AT ALL , I 'd give it 5 stars . As it is , with the durability over the years , and NO maintenance at all , I give it 4 .
 I received my lawn mower in the time promised and was amazed at how easy it was to assemble . Tried it out within 10 mins of arrive and was veryimpressed with the easy of use and the way my lawn looked afterwards . The grass catcher holds a very large amount of grass clippings and is easy to remove and put back on the mower . A very nice lawn mower for a small yard.DAVE
 I am so pleased with the mower , I have a small yard and it works wonderfully . I am also so pleased with the electric mower , no pull start , no gas , none of the mess . I just love it . Thanks so much.Mary Ann Paul
 When I received this item it looked like a plastic toy . The grass catcher was broken in shipping . I called Customer Service and left a message and was gotten back to within a few days and received a replacement grass catcher within a few weeks . After I mowed my lawn I could n't believe how powerful and easy to maneuver this machine was . I have arthritus in my hips and have a very hard time getting around sometimes but this was perfect for me . I have only the highest praise for this little machine . Easy to store also . I give this lawn mower 5 stars .
 I guess I 'll weigh in on these reviews . I have a LawnPup that I 've had about 8 or 9 years . NO PROBLEMS . Perfect for a small urban yard . It is corded ; I do n't know why you 'd want a cordless given the cost of rechargeable replacement batteries . This is just a great little mower and I 'd recommend it to anyone with a small yard and limited storage space . I had occasion to use it on my daughter 's much larger thicker lawn the other day and it did fine , just needed to empty the small catcher more often.Two things . The catcher is small and a bit tricky to mount until you get use to it . The height adjustment mechanism is not the most sturdy in the world . I set mine at the highest -LRB- 2 1/2 inch -RRB- setting and locked it there with nylon cable ties . The same ties have lasted since the mower was new .
 Purchase was made after reading various reviews . I have a small townhome and need a mower that would take up little space and be lite enough to store easily . The Bully meets all of my needs . The only downside is that the grass cather is a little tricky to put on the mower and the mower looks like you are pushing a toy .
 No compliants . Connecting up the Rainbow
 Saw has comfortable handle.Quality construction . Starts easy . Idles good when engine is warmed up . Oregon 16 inch chain and bar is excellent.Chain is super sharp and cuts like butter.I think engine is underpowered for a 36cc . Very fuel efficient , you can cut much with one tankful . Good for light duty work like limb cutting.I carry the solo 636 on my landscape truck and it come in handy .
 If you plan on using this as a perimeter fence , it is great.If you plan on using this for tight circles -LRB- around one plant/tree/bush at a time -RRB- this probably should n't be your first choice.The wiring is n't as tight as other products available.The wiring , despite being the same gauge as other products , seems rather flimsy -LRB- a large dog to knock this over rather easily , probably a small dog as well -RRB- if not having close posts.So for all purpose applications I would choose another product.For actually garden fencing , this product would do just fine .
 Excellent service and Taylor test kits are the best and most accurate on the market . I have tried them all and none can come close to Taylor .
 This is a great lawn mower . It is easy to use and requires no maintenance . My front yard has a steep slope , and this lawn mower is light enough to push up the hill . The cut is great , and does n't leave clippings floating on top . The only issue you may run into is if you let your grass grow above ankle high ... it will be a struggle , but the little guy will still be able to cut it down .
 I purchased this product to take care of a small lawn in front of our townhouse . After planting Zoysia sod and watching the regular maintenance crew butcher the young lawn I decided that it would be better to just do the task myself.Investigation revealed the great benefit of using a push mower including superior cutting action , lack of fumes , noise or other maintenance required by power mowers , and the genuine satisfaction of being more in touch with your lawn . The Zoysia grew very quickly and thick , it was significantly higher than recommended when the mower arrived and I was anxious to try it out.Assembly consisted of attaching the handle , about 10 minutes total , and the mower was perfectly set up from the factory for a smooth , even cut . This mower is not only mechanically beautiful but the spinning reel and scissoring swish of the blades is almost musical and far more soothing than the roar and fumes of a gasoline engine .20 minutes from start to finish , including optional crosscutting , produced a lawn as smooth as a golf course with nothing but fine mulch shavings left behind . The cut was slightly low out of the box but all adjustments are simple after reading the small owners manual . Clean up is easy ; a light brushing and spray with WD-40 is all it needs . The blades should stay sharp for several years and are easy to resharpen in any case . I highly recommend this mower to anyone with a small to medium yard , it weighs only 16 pounds , is considerably easier to push than expected and does an outstanding job .
 I love this mower ! It does a better job on what I cut then a professional mower does on the rest of the yard . Assembly was a snap , only the handle bars had to be put on . The reel and wheels were assembled in the factory . It is excellent in extremely bumpy areas , extreme grades , and very hilly areas . The mower is very easy to push anywhere and easily climbs steep hills . Also the 14 inch width is perfect for tighter areas , like between flower beds and pathways . After weeks of mowing I do n't have to sharpen blades , check oil or mess around with fuses . Just a nice brushing to get the clipping off her and some WD-40 as recommended.I named my girl Miss America . She certainly can stop traffic . People seemed amazed that she can do the work they use massive lawn tractors for . Yes , she cuts extremely tall -LRB- a foot or higher -RRB- grass . She just needs a few passes to make a fine all-natural green manure out of it .
 My old push reel lawn mower -LRB- probably more than 50 years old -RRB- needed replacement -- the blades were so old they would n't stay sharp , and the wheels were slipping because of bald tires . I tried a push-reel lawn mower from Sears , and it was so bad that I took it back for an exchange , because I thought it was defective . Who would market a lawn mower that does n't cut grass ? The second one was just the same . Since the Scott 's mower appears to be exactly the same , probably from the same factory , that did n't seem worth trying.Finally I found this American Lawn Mower model , like my old models . It works beautifully . After using it for a month or so , I find my lawn looking better than ever . I guess the grass appreciates a clean , sharp cut.I had tried a neighbor 's cordless electric , and I actually find this one easier to push . This one will probably need to be replaced in about 50 years too .
 My new apartment has a small but incredibly lumpy yard that clearly has n't been maintained in over a decade , but this mower had no problem rolling over the bumps . It 's incredibly light and agile , two things I had never associated with push reel mowers . One pass at the highest setting and another at a lower setting and my yard is looking presentable again . Highly recommended !
 Great little mower . I bought this mower after looking at several different sizes , and brands . It 's very easy to push , and does a fine job at cutting the grass . It certainly took me back to when I was a kid , and that 's the only kind of mower most of us had . As a woman , I would recommend this mower .
 easy to put together . my 5 ' 4 wife did it all on her own . i bought it for her since i wont be home . she can push it easily and loves the way it cuts . before buying it the grass got way over grown and now it is right where it should be . the blade is really sharp and cuts great . we ordered it through amazon and got it in 5 days with free shipping . bought the grass catcher to go with it which was easy to install and works great with this mower . my wife loves her new mower which is great for the enviroment and perfect for are little yard .
 My husband sold our gas mower when we hired a lawn service . I got rid of the lawn service when we replaced our backyard lawn with a deck , but I still have a small , shady front lawn that needs care . I do n't like the noise and smells of gas mowers , so I thought I 'd give this a try . It 's wonderful ! It arrived in three days and my 12 year old put it together in ten minutes . My 9 year old immediately used it to mow the overgrown front lawn , which took him less than five minutes . The mower is small and easy to maneuver and the blades are sharp and efficient . I was even able to trim the edges of the lawn easily . This is a simple , inexpensive , quick , and very effective replacement for a heavy , noisy , smelly gas mower . Highly recommended !
 Easy to put together , use and takes up so little space in the garage . If your lawn mower breaks down and you need to purchase a new one , I would highly recommend this push mower - no mechanical maintenance . The bonus this mower provides ? Even our six year can mow the lawn .
 Awesome little mower - has that great old tick tick tick sound when you push it - get lots of looks and comments from the neighbors . The width is a bit narrow so I would only recommend for smaller yards . Took a few times to get the blade adjustment right , but it is real easy to do . A sturdy well built piece of equipment !
 Not your parent 's push mower !! This is small enough for a woman to push with ease and it cuts . It does take a lot of passes to cover a yard of any size , but when the grass only grows in spots and you do n't want to get out the riding mower , this will do the job . I use it during the summer and do n't need the `` big mower ''
 My neighbor purchased the 1304-14 reel mower and let me use it . I was looking for a reel mower and after using their mower I decided that it would work for me . It is easy to assemble and handle .
 THis little mower is awesome ! Lightweight , cuts very well - even longer grass . It is so much esier to mow the lawn now that i dont have to yank on the stupid gas mower anymore . My 11 year old son can mow the lawn now !!!!! I highly reccommend it !!!
 This item is very easy to put together and does a great job ! It is very easy to push . I cut both my front and back yard with it .
 A great , manueverable lawn mower for small areas . As long as grass is n't overly long , the mower cuts it completely on the first pass .
 Owned this since Sept of last year and have several mows under it 's belt now . No parts problems , no gas = no expenses ! I 'm a person who likes to exercise , so that was an added benefit also , as burning a few more calories is n't an issue for me . I am not an eco-nut so the ` green ' movement does n't mean squat to me -LRB- with the B.S global warming talk -RRB- , so that has zero effect on why I bought and why I love this mower . I 'll never go with a big clunky motor driven one again.I 'd give it five stars but the foam handles did n't hold up and I had to wrap them with duct tape . Small complaint and not a huge deal , but because of it I ca n't give it five .
 The mower cuts great and is plenty for our small yard . It 's light and maneuverable . Quality seems fine . Easy to adjust . Only disappointment was that this `` American '' branded lawn mower has a sticker saying `` Made in China . '' Thought it was a U.S. manufacturer rather than importer .
 Great push mower for my pave stoned front yard . . Easy to assemble and good for the planet . And a great bargain too .
 The 14-inch is only good if you have a really small yard . I recommend a longer cutting blade.I LOVE that I could be cutting the grass early to avoid summer heat and not wake my neighbors . It 's quiet , easy to adjust and chewed through most grass.It struggled some with thicker weeds so not as good as a power mower but I love the environmentally friendly approach to lawn maintenance .
 Reminds me of my dads old mower , really good for areas around my house the ride mower wo n't get to !
 Good size for a short woman and big wheels make it move easier . Hope the blades stay sharp for a long while .
 Great little mower . It was easy to assemble and works great cutting my lawn in the mountains of North Carolina.It is light weight but sturdy and is easy to move around after cutting the grass.Would definitley recommend it .
 what a great little workhorse . anyone who has used reel mowers knows the rewards far outweigh the negative . we used a scotts for 6 years and with ruts , roots , and a typical uneven yard it wore out , even with regular maintenance . we debated going back to the traditional gas mower but just could not bring ourselves to do it . we researched the corded and cordless but reviews were mostly unkind to weight and lack of power . so back to the reel . we decided to try one with a shorter wheel base to minimize the damage from noncomformities and it is a hit . this mower is lightweight and sharp right out of box . yes it takes a little longer to mow and some grasses cut better but no fumes , no mess , and the noise from the blades pale in comparison to a gas mower . we have 1/4 acre with lots of obstacles , it manuevers with ease into smaller places , and when finished the yard looks natural . highly recommend .
 Arrive quickly . Easy to assembly . Works great ! I have a small front yard professionally landscaped and designed . I wanted something easy to manipulate around plants and give it that razor cut appearance .
 Took all of about 10 minutes to assemble . It is very light , cut through about 6 '' of thick bermuda grass in no time at all . Very easy to push , and also lift with one hand . I have a pretty small yard at 25 ' x 20 ' so a gas mower was not wanted . I can mow at any time of day or night with how quite it is , and I love how it just minces the grass clippings so it promotes more growth and no bags to dump out .
 This little guy does an amazing job ! I live in a townhouse & just could n't justify buying a full size mower for my little yard - not only the expense but also storage ! This mower is perfect ! It gives my grass a clean cut , is lightweight and easy to maneuver . Best of all , it is small & easy to store when I 'm finished ! Just maintain it with some WD40 & enjoy hassle free mowing - human powered !
 This is an honest review of this mower . Model # 1304-14 American Lawn Mower . First off I want to say that I just moved into a house with a very small yard and this mower works perfect ! When I took this out of the box I noticed that the mower was a different color than the bright orange pictured ... it was a dark brick red ... which looks a lot nicer ! The only part that required assembly was the handle which was easy to put together ... however the top bolt and wing nut they gave me was n't threaded correctly so I had to use another one I had lying around the house . The mower was perfectly adjusted from the factory . There are 3 height settings
 I recently purchased a home where the HOA maintains the front lawn and the owner maintains the tiny backyard inside the fence . I was a little worried about how difficult it would be to use the mower and was pleasantly surprised . I love it . It was easy to assemble and The house had been vacant for 6 weeks and the grass was so tall I could barely see my pekingnese puppy . I was done in less than 20 minutes cutting the grass . The best part is that it barely takes up any space in the garage .
 After being in the oil business since 1974 I feel like a traitor using this human and not gas powered mower , but I am very pleased with this mower - cuts the grass evenly and it is of course quiet meaning I can mow in the morning after my jog and not wake the neighbors or my kids . When I mow with this totally retro manual push mower I feel like I have gone back to the future .
 We put in a small lawn and needed a mower . I do n't like the smell or inconvenience of a gas mower , so my husband started looking on-line for a push mower and came across this one . The reviews were very positive so we thought we 'd give it a try . Glad we did . When it arrived I put it together and mowed the lawn . It did a great job . I love that it is lightweight and easy for me to use . I can pick it up with one hand and carry it to the area I want to mow if I want .
 I recently bought a new home , and a few months later my company had to downsize so I was let go . Hmmm ... so to help make ends meet one way was to purchase this product . My Family was skeptical about a reel mower , but for the price it was worth a shot . It took around 15 minutes to assemble out of the box . The screws have handy twist nobs on them , so I did n't need any tools ! My lawn is moderately small , but the grass was past my ankles so I took a deep breath and put this puppy to the test . I had everything mowed in 45 minutes ... I had to make 2 to three passes -LRB- remember how long my grass was -RRB- . It is easy and light weight to push , but to my surprise is VERY sturdy . After the first initial mow , just one pass once or twice a week takes only 15 minutes ! It cuts the lawn nicely , and is not the workout I expected it to be . The description claims the blades only need sharpened every 2 years depending on use , but a con is that it does not cut weeds well -LRB- just pushes them down , then you have to easily back up and hit it them couple times -RRB- . The gas and maintenance costs of a engine mower makes it worth the effort -LRB- weeds -RRB- . My lawn looks nice now , but the wheels make it impossible to trim sides of the home -LRB- con -RRB- . Have to borrow my mothers weed whacker to get the sides of home , and around other objects here and there . Overall performance ... I give it 5 stars because it does help produce a quality lawn + its sturdy , and light weight -LRB- making it easy to push , lift , and store -RRB- . If you do n't have a huge lawn , and have a way to trim ... go for it ... its a bargain that was well worth paying for .
 First the details . I have a front and back yard , both about 600 sq ft. They are fairly flat and are full of misc plants such as clover , chives , some strange little fern and -LRB- of course -RRB- grass.The lawn mower arrived at 10am , I was in the yard by 10:30 , no tools needed for assembly and great instructions . Lawn was looking pretty rough and had not been cut since October . Based on reviews I did a quick walk through and tossed all the visable sticks -LRB- took about 2 minutes -RRB- . I was back in the house by 11:25 and the yard looked pretty good . The product is heavy enough to do the job , but I can easily get it up and down the stairs , flip it , turn it over , etc. . . I am very , very happy with the product . I doubt the yard will take me more than 30-45 min a week including edging this summer . It was actually pretty enjoyable exercise , but you will need to be fit enough to lift 25-30 pounds and bend down to pick up sticks.Notes
 I have a pretty small plot of land to cut and this does the job . Note two things , however1 -RRB- It may miss and not cut very long grass . Individual pieces that were longer than the others managed to escape it even after multiple go-overs . However , I am told this is a problem with reel mowers and not a product problem . Cutting more often and using an edger to get the individual pieces solves this2 -RRB- If you are cutting a large quantity of grass it may become `` jammed '' and be unpushable until you clear the clippings . Again , that 's how reel lawn mowers work , so no surprise there.Easy assembly and works great .
 For the price I can not complain . It cuts my grass as I would like . No it doesnt cut large weeds but still thats why they invented something called a `` Weed wacker '' . Its a great mower for the price .
 excellent mower for the money . perfect size for me -LRB- 5 ' 1 '' and less than 100lbs -RRB- . does catch on sticks and twigs and doesnt cut tall spiny weeds but cuts the grass easily and without too much effort . actually its a perfect 30 minute aerobic workout for me ! Amazon.com had it to me in 3 days ! im a happy camper !
 This is perfect if you do n't want to deal with the hassle of a power mower or an electric mower . Be kind to the environment and have extra room in your garage or shed with this product . Two minor bad things
 I never thought I 'd buy a push mower due to my bad back . I have a townhouse so do n't have a big yard , but its a decent size for a townhouse . I had a gas mower for many years and it finally gave out so I decided to get a push mower instead mainly b/c I was tired of having to go fill up a gas jug every few weeks , plus for the size of my yard , a gas mower is a tad overkill.Anyway , assembly was quite easy . Took me about 15 minutes or so working at a leisurely pace . Very simple installation . For the most part , you just have to assemble the handle assembly , attach it to the actual blade/mower part , and voila , done . I was pleasantly surprised at the fact its light weight . Looking at it , it seems like it would be much , much heavier , but its quite easy to pick up.The actual mowing is really easy . It cuts very well . Much faster than using a gas mower for my situation since I do n't have to worry about filling up the gas tank.I highly recommend this mower . Its actually fun to use too .
 Have a spare yard that needs trimming and mowing but not much . Do n't need power , except mine and this little precision mower works just fine . Assembly required but not much .
 I enjoy mowing my lawn around dusk , when things have cooled down . This mower is very light and is EASIER to push than a power mower . It does the job . Using it regularly makes the job easier . I have a large plot and I do a little each evening to keep things in place.I did augment the handle by attaching a sawed-off broom handle to the T-handle , using a couple of small hose clamps . It made the handle more ergonomic by allowing a wider spacing on my hands , which eased the pushing process . I read on another review that the handle was not so sturdy , so I do recommend this inexpensive and worthwhile addition.I enjoy meditating -LRB- I do Transcendental Meditation -RRB- . Mowing the lawn in the evening after meditation is a perfect way to experience the tranquil joys of watching the stars come out , smelling the fresh cut grass , getting a little bit of healthy exercise and keeping the lawn looking good , all at once . It makes mowing fun - not at all a chore - I look forward to it !!
 I have cut my lawn 4 times now and I am impressed at how sturdy this little mower is . I have a small `` L '' shaped backyard and it takes me 15 min max to cut the lawn the way I like -LRB- I am a bit picky , prob . would take 10 min for anyone else -RRB- . This mower cuts through the thick Bermuda grass like tissue paper . I had a little trouble pushing with the first cut since the grass had grown about 6 inches high . But I cut every 6-7 days now and it chops right through with little effort . Very happy with this product and how very sturdy it is , and assembley was a snap . Great buy !!
 If you know anything about push reel mowers , then you know their benefits and limitations . That being said , this is a good push reel mower for my small lawn .
 This is some of the best pickle I 've ever had ! Great on papad . Give it a try ...
 Patek 's Egg Plant Relish -LRB- formerly called Brinjal Pickle -RRB- is my all-time favorite relish . A wonderful complement to poultry and many meats -LRB- especially ground chuck -RRB- , I alone go through several jars a year , combining it most often with chicken . It is sweet , and only mildly hot , allowing its delicious spiced flavors to be thoroughly enjoyed . It has a wonderful aroma and aromatic after-taste on the back of the palate that provides an almost transcendental experience . Yet , used in moderation , it does n't overpower , but rather enhances the meat dish.This is not a relish that everyone enjoys , however . Its taste is unique , and not the fire-hot peppery blast that many people seem to enjoy and be seeking .
 Excellent relish . Called chutney in North India . My family was delighted to discover Patak 's line of products when we came to the States . Spicy without being too hot . Flavours are authentic .
 i love how well this product works . i have always had a problem with ants until i tried once and done . i did not use a spreader but just sprinkled with gloved hands around the foundation about an hour before it was to rain . the first treatment worked almost immediately . i then put it out about once every 30 days and no more trouble with ants . i like this product so much that it is on my spring `` must get '' list .
 Great product at a great price ! Prior to purchasing the Water Powered Garden Hose Reel , my wife struggled every time she tried to use our outdoor hose . Now , with a simple shift in the retract lever , the hose rewinds itself effortlessly . Since the Water Powered Garden Hose Reel is rather light , a tip on its use is to sit on the box during the retract cycle . This stops the box from shifting during retraction of the hose . We catch the water expelled during the retract cycle into a 5 gal . bucket & use it to water potted plants outside the house . All-in-all we could n't be happier with the product !
 I can only add to the other good compliments posted here that this unit seems to work very well . Far better than expected . You can not expect it to pull a typical hose-end spray nozzle through the grass if its handle digs into the turf , but , other than that , it seems to rewind my 5/8 '' garden hose very effectively . I purchased two more after the initial one and have them positioned at three locations surrounding the house . I did not find it necessary to use pegs to secure the boxes to the ground . Everyone who has seen mine in action is impressed . Each unit holds 100-ft of this larger hose easily . The short hose section that is used to control the run off water as it is rewinding is no big problem -- I just direct it to the plants nearby , or use it to clean my hands or wash down the hose , itself , to remove grime or mud . This has solved a big irritating problem for me -- rewinding 100-ft of hose manually can be a pain!Update as of January 3 , 2009 ... Used 3 of these throughout the Summer and Fall of 2008 . Now into the Winter . Never had a problem with any unit . Two are now in storage until the Spring . One is still connected but probably frozen solid . We 'll see if that extreme affects it in any way . I 'm amazed these work so well on such a simple principle .
 No Crank Crate 125 ' Water Powered Retractable Garden Hose Reel #RS 12581Does not hold 125 ' hose as short 10 or more feet . None of these auto hose reels wind the hose on the reel evenly even though they have a movable guide . You have to hand guide it part of the time but it is still better than a manual reel . Will hold a 100 ' without a problem . This is better than the electric reel which requires a recharge almost every time you use it . However you must take them to a heated area when it gets cold.Also much neater look than a hose reel . I have not seen a better unit .
 I ordered this item for my husband so he would n't have to drag the hose around . He has used it and is extremely happy with it . The no-crank mechanism works just as advertised , and my plants get a little extra watering as it rewinds . We 'll be ordering another one !
 Although this hose reel is a little pricey it really is worth every penny . It works really well !!
 We got our Reel Smart about three years ago and we still have fun showing it off . I prefer not to anchor mine down because it gives me greater flexibility in the direction I want my hose to go . Using my foot occasionally to direct it is no problem because I just keep remembering how it was before Reel Hose . I still chuckle when I watch it work for me . Oh , by the way , I do have a life outside of watching Reel Hose work .
 Bought this hose reel because I am tired of lugging a big hose around which I do n't put away as it is too much trouble . This product works great , retracts fully every time -LRB- I am using the flexogen 100 ' -RRB- . Would like it if the box was dark green or brown to blend in better . Plan to paint it . Pleased enough with this retractable reel to have bought two more for other areas of my garden which is quite large . 5 star rating .
 Great product works exactly as promised . When rewinding I use the water from the runoff hose to rinse the hose as it rewinds , always nice and clean .
 This is a great product . It is so simple to wind the hose back up . Especially for older people with arthritis . I would recommend this product for anyone.No Crank Crate 125 ' Water Powered Retractable Garden Hose Reel #RS 12581
 On my first hose real , I tried to save a few bucks and bought the $ 25 one at home depot , but it sucks and is a huge hassle . The hose always gets tangled and stuck . This one works perfect . It is very stable , and the girlfriend thinks it looks fine on the front of the house . Now , I want a second one for the back of the house .
 I generally am not the type of person to write a review on-line , however , I do tend to read any reviews prior to making a purchase . This is the first item that I have ever purchased that I feel compelled to write a review for . It is fabulous !! I used to hate the idea of watering my flower beds , because I dreaded the idea of having to reel the garden hose back into it 's containter . Now all I have to do is switch the lever and watch the hose reel itself . I timed it the other day and it took less than 1 minute ! I HIGHLY recommend this item . It will save you time and frustration . It was the best $ 80 + dollars I have spent in a long time .
 Love it , Works great , fits my small space requirements and saves back and arm ! Adds an extra piece of hose -LRB- for relief valve when re-winding -RRB- but hide in plants and they get watered , too . Will probably buy a second one.Only complaint
 I am extremely pleased with the hose winder purchases we made . after purchasing and trying one we had to get another . Unfortunatly the very first hose winder came to use damaged and had to send it back . Amazon made it so very easy and hassle free I did not mind the wait for the replacement . Amazon even sends an email notification of the return arrival . I could not ask for anything more . I am definitely a convert to the Amazon shopping . It took me several years to get over my fear of ordering online , and being a tech for many years , I know how many things can and sometimes do go wrong , but Amazon has made the experience hassle free and I am now a very confident Amazon shopper . Still have not tried other sites . I think I will stay with Amazon . THank you for making me a convert.joe
 Good product . I HAVE HAD ONE FOR ABOUT 2-3 YEARS.EASY TO SET UP AND OPERATE .
 So far so good , do share the same concerns of critical parts are plastic but since I have only owned for 1 day ca n't say for sure . The great thing about is so far is stores my 100 Ft hose nice and neat on the side of the house . Already had one person ask about it . If it lasts like some of the folks have stated in their reviews than I believe it is well worth the money .
 We bought this for our daughter this Christmas -LRB- upon her request ! -RRB- and she has n't even opened it yet but knows , of course , what it is . I know she 'll love it as she takes care of her yard and garden in California .
 Works like a charm . 100 feet of hose in less than a minute . All I have to do is throw the lever ! Worth every penny .
 This is my second unit by this manufacturer . I first purchased the smaller , 100 ' unit about 5 years ago and have loved it . However , I got a new , heavy-duty hose last year which is thicker , and did not work as well with my 100 ' capacity unit . The hose would barely fit inside and as it got within the last 10 ' or so it would scrape the inside of the container and make it hard to coil the hose . I finally upgraded to the 125 ' capacity and it works like a charm with my heavy-duty 100 ' hose.I also agree with many of the negative comments . The hose fittings are plastic and should not be abused . Do n't cross-thread the hose or over-tighten with pliers . Feed the hose by dragging it to an area more or less in a straight line with the front of the unit so it does n't have to pull it in from one end of the slot . Other than that , I have not had any problems with my units and will buy more in the future.Sure beats hand-cranking or coiling a 100 ' garden hose full of water !
 I really like this thing ! My only concern with buying it was that it might not be happy while winding up a hose that had picked up debris - such as bark mulch and grass clippings - while dragging itself back to the storage reel . No need for concern . It very nicely does the job , bark chips and all . My yard is small , but I use 75 feet of high-quality hose , which reels up with no problem . I set the white exhaust hose near a rose bush that just loves water , so the `` exhaust '' water does not go to waste . I have two reasons for the four star rating
 I must confess I was prepared to be disappointed with this purchase , so I find it a very pleasant surprise . My great concern was living in Maine , where the soil tends toward sandy , I expected the plastic gears would not stand up well to the use . I figured with wet hose and wet reel , the sand would grind those gears up in short order . So , I decided to let the item get two good years of service before reviewing it so I had some real history on durability . It has surpassed my expectations after two years of steady use . The gears are very large and show no signs of wear after two years of use . Oh , I was right , the hose pulls sandy soil into the enclosure , and the sand gets all over the internal mechanism , but no wear is evident and I have had abolutely no trouble with either of the two `` no cranks '' I own . The only caution I have is that the hose does much better on rewinding if it pulls into the front of the case reasonably directly . If it is all out to the right or left , there will be occasions where you will have to `` help '' the winder by pulling the hose out straight in front of the case . But , believe me , even that is a much easier job than a cranker type reel . I recommend this item with no reservations at all .
 I would probably never spend this much money on a hose reel , but it was given to me as a gift , and I 'm glad it was . I 've had it for more than five years without any problems . It works just as good as the day I installed it . I have it on a wooden deck , so anchoring it was a breeze . A couple of screws in the anchor plates -LRB- all provided -RRB- and I was good to go . When I 'm finished using my hose , I simply push the lever on the unit , and the hose automatically rewinds in a matter of seconds . No fuss , no muss . I love it !
 I bought one of these three years ago . It was on the discount shelf at Lowe , s for $ 40 . I took it home and my wife loved it . Her mother is 92 and it allows her to water her garden and flowers.I just ordered 2 more so you know how I feel about them . Easy to set up and we use them every day .
 This product solves a problem that has always been a pain - winding up the garden hose . Anyone who dislikes the problems of storing their garden hose as much as I did should purchase this product . It works great !
 This hose reel brings the joy back to watering.Set up is easy and using it takes the drudgery out rewinding by hand and saves alot of time.Your hose is never twisted and tangled . I currently own three.Can ' t live without one now .
 The best dollars I 've ever spent . It delivers what it promises . This hose reel is just wonderful - no more back-breaking gathering up of the garden hose in the hot weather and sun . It works like a charm . After a whole season of use , I still say `` You little devil '' every time it effortlessly winds up 125 feet of hose while I simply watch!Some useful tips
 I loathe cranking up the hose and when I saw this item at a home store I thought it was a too good to be true item . I went home and read all the positvie reviews and bought one.This is a great item and is really one of those too good to be true items that really works !!!!!!
 We use this hose reel all spring , summer and fall . Easy to set up and easy to use . Need I say more ?
 Great product , this is my second one , screwed up and left the first one out in freezing weather without draining completely . Sure makes winding up hose a lot easier .
 The RSH125 Crate 125-Foot Water Powered Retractable Garden Hose Reel is just what I needed due to a back problem I have always had a tough time coiling the hose up after use . I liked it so well that I have purchased a second one and have them on both sides of the house the problem has been solved and I just love them .
 Like many others I was skeptical , but rolling up heavy , long hoses gets harder with every passing year so I took a chance and am very glad I did . This gizmo is not a miracle worker , but it certainly beats bending and cranking ! It is slow and I try to make sure that the hose is n't going to get snagged or slowed further by something way out in the garden by bringing the front end closer in to the base before `` flipping the rewind switch '' . With all that said I think it works really well and as my title indicates I bought one for the vegetable garden . I would happily recommend this auto hose reel to anyone as long as their expectations are grounded in reality ! I think that it is well made and seems quite sturdy .
 This operates efficiently and every time . I have had another one for 10 years and it is still going
 Our hose actually gets put up now ! I bought one for my parents for Christmas , too . We have been really happy with it . We you it with a NeverKink hose , and have had no problems in the year we have had it .
 one does have to guide it in a little bit if a lot of hose is out , and needs room for the water run off
 Received the hose reel and found it to be as advertised . Started working imediately . I have a large 75 ' hose .
 I love it . It is a little slow , but hey I do n't have to wear myself out rolling up the hose in 90 degree weather . I would buy it again . In fact I may buy another one next year .
 This is an absolutely amazing invention and ... it really works . My wife kept telling me not to get it , that nothing like this could ever really work . Well it does , and I am very happy with it . The only issue to be aware of is that it expels water through a 5 foot hose while rewinding , so that can affect where you keep it -LRB- or you can get a bigger hose -RRB- . And if you want to conserve water , you can have it expel the water directly into buckets for use in gardening , etc. . Do not hesitate to make this purchase !
 I have a bad back and have a lot of trouble bending over and to crank a hose reel is all but impossible and not worth the risk of worsening my back problems . I already have one reel , so this is my second-One in the front and one in the back . I have tried other reels because I could not find another `` reel smart '' . after two other reels , I am back to the reel smart reel which has a proven track record with me . Slide a lever and the reel does all the work . It works best if you secure it somehow so it ca n't move while it retracts . Great reel !
 I normally do not write reviews , but in this case I think that it is necessary.My wife & I are avid gardeners and there is probably not a day during the gardening season that we do not use our garden hose.I purchased a Robo winder around 5 years ago -LRB- could be 7 or 8 -RRB- and we were extremely pleased with it . We left it outside all year round and only disconnected the inlet hose during our Illinois winters.We also purchased a 75 ft unit that we have also performed the same maintenance on , which is none and also found this unit GREAT.Finally had to replace my Robo Winder with new version RW-12581 and found this new version faster and much , much smaller and more compact then my trusty Robo Winder.I was even able to install a small sprinkler to the discharge hose to water those neglected areas instead of dumping the discharge water down a drain.I had looked at all of the alterative units -LRB- electric , hand windups -RRB- and this unit is simply the BEST.I wish that everything I purchased worked as well.Merv Hagen
 I 've been using this ReelSmart model heavily for a year now , with no wear & tear at all . Because I was n't willing to drill anchor holes in my nice new concrete slab , I 've been using it unanchored , with a heavy piece of garden statuary sitting on top to weight it down -LRB- and camouflage it as a table -RRB- . I also left it out -LRB- under cover -RRB- all winter -- a fierce , cold one this year , No leaks , no problems , no degradation of materials . Because it 's unanchored , unreeling works much better if I stand at the reel and pull out as much as I need -- when I do it from a distance and at an angle , the box travels a bit . But if I had the heart to bolt it in place like the directions told me to , unreeling would n't be an issue . I would n't hesitate to buy a second one -- in fact , I visited this site to do just that . I 've also got a professional gardener doing some work for me , and he is flat-out in love with this thing !
 Have had it for about a month - maxed it out with 125 ft of hose . While the rewind is slow - it is slow and steady . Yes you have to make sure it does not kink as it is being rewound otherwise the mechanism will stop - but other than that has worked fine.Can ' t address durability - but so far so good.Update summer 2009 - Item quit rewinding - lever broke twice - durability is not there .
 I just received the hose reel which I bought through Amazon . I used a Visa card with which I could double the warranty period . There was no warranty information listed on Amazon for it , but I figured it would be in the manual . Wrong . Zip , nothing , nada . O.k. , so I called the manufacturer . Remarkably , the representative was clueless ... she referred me to the manufacturer 's web page which , again , had no information about the warranty -LRB- if there even is one -RRB- . You have to wonder about a product for which there is either no warranty or the manufacturer is n't inclined to publish and disseminate it .
 Rewindable hose reels are common but , when I saw one where the water going through the hose creates the power to rewind the hose I figured '' This I got ta see '' . It works , It 's pretty cool too . It has a discharge hose so you can direct the water that winds the hose anywhere you want to . I send mine to my wifes plants , so I do n't forget to water them .
 Just ordered a second one for the front yard faucet . Have had one in the back yard for a year now . Works great ! Makes watering a pleasure rather than a pain when putting the hose away . A great addition to the yard .
 This was by far my most pleasant online shopping experience ever . The hammock is more beautiful than I ever expected and the quality was just as impressive . I did have an issue w / part of my package missing when it arrived , so I called customer service and and expected it to be a huge hassle . Needless to say , I was completely wrong . I spoke to a wonderful customer service representative right away , and w / no questions asked my missing piece was sent out immediately . The following day a confirmation email was sent from the very person I spoke w / on the phone . Overall , I was blown away by their excellent customer service . It was such a painless and pleasant experience . I will absolutely shop w / this reliable reretailer again and would recommend them to anyone .
 This is so useful to keep track of how wet or dry plants are ! It takes less than a second to check each one and I certainly would n't be without it now !
 I purchased this to use for washing my dog in a walk-in shower , and now I also use it all the time to sit down for shaving my legs or washing my feet in the shower . Ca n't believe I never thought of having a bench in a shower before . This should be also marketed as a shower bench . It 's light and sturdy and was simple to assemble . Would have given it 5 stars except that -LRB- 1 -RRB- they do n't tell you that you 'll need a rubber hammer to assemble it and -LRB- 2 -RRB- even with a rubber hammer I needed help from my son to get all four tabs on the top of the vertical supports to click into the holes on the bottom of the bench .
 Ordered two benches for the patio before a big party I was having this past weekend.Got the order in on time , about 7 days , ground delivery.Assembly was tough since the pieces snap into each other.Outcome was a fabulous set of benches that fit perfectly on my deck next to the entrance to my above ground pool.I would recommend this bench , to anyone , no problem.It 's hard to tell the exact dimensions , but it sits about 4 big adults comfortably .
 I was very surprised when the bench came . It was perfect . Looks like it will last a while.I needed something for my tack room that was weatherproof and it fit in great .
 I was very impressed with the Leisure Accents Patio Bench . It is extremely sturdy and very easy to put together . It literally took about 3 minutes to completely assemble . Hope you have more patio products like this !
 I purchased this bench for our outdoor shower , and it is just perfect . It is the perfect size and will be very helpful to give the dogs a bath in the shower . And if you 're really lazy , sit down and shower at your leisure . It was easy to put together even though we had to pound one side with the rubber mallot to get it in just right . I would recommend this bench not only for an outside shower , but just a nice little bench for the backyard .
 I have a very tiny balcony and wanted to be able to have seating for two people . I already have a padded chair but there is n't room for two of them . This little bench is perfect . It was easy to assemble , is easy to clean , does n't take up much space and is perfect for the task . I 'm very pleased with it .
 I ordered this bench to put on my back patio and it 's great for extra seating . It 's made very well , it 's sturdy and was simple to put together . I can leave it outside and not worry about it getting ruined by rain or snow . When people are not sitting on it , I have cats that will take over . They love sitting up high and watching the birds and squirrels in my back yard . I would definitely recommend this bench .
 I spent a lot of time looking for table or stand for my herb containers , and ended up coming across this and the matching bar : Leisure Accents Spa Bar and Counter , Taupe/Beige , 36 Inches Long by 36 Inches High.My goal was to get the container off the wood deck and to be able to put them on different levels -LRB- which is where the separate bench and bar are ideal -RRB- . These are less costly solutions than many of the others I found that were designed for flower pots . They are simple to put together using a mallet -LRB- or hammer with a towel to blunt any potential damage you might otherwise do to the plastic . -RRB- Against my home and with the pots on them , they 're very stable and are n't at risk of blowing over . The bench is functional enough ; though not sure I 'd buy it if I did n't want something to match the bar .
 This arrived in a timely fashion , and was easy to but together , but it is n't very steady ... it wobbles a bit and it makes me nervous to let my 3 1/2 year old sit on it ! Oh well ...
 Good quality vacuum head . The wheels make it easy to maneuver through the pool . It wo n't pick up big leaves or other trash though . It also does n't `` scrub '' as there 's no brushes on the bottom .
 My mom-in-law is a bird nut . She has hummer feeders and other types of feeders hanging in her patio . She had been using thistle socks to feed the birds that like that , but the squirrels and larger birds were damaging the socks so that she lost that expensive thistle seed . They were also eating her out of house and home and the smaller birds had trouble getting the seed due to the crowds of larger/more aggressive animals . This feeder works wonderfully . Great design and Mom is very happy with it .
 Exactly what I was looking for ! My daughter asked for a horse rug and this was perfect ! She loves it ! Great price too !
 Bonide # 307 Quart Ready-to-Use Ultr Weed BeaterJust as the label says , the weeds started dying within 24 hours after just one squirt ! Canadian thistles , Dandelions , all the other broad leaf weeds in my lawn , and some I do n't know what the heck they were . It even worked on my crab grass ! -LRB- the common pink stem kind -RRB-
 So excited about my Snow Queen Siberian Iris . It arrived very wellpackaged and in excellent condition . The roots were so healthy thatthey really took off once they were planted . No blooms yet but I haveno doubt the flowers will be stunning.A.Huston
 Great resource for dyi people such as myself . Went together fast . I had to replumb everything as I hired some yahoo off craigslist who essentially tide the pool and spa together so they could not be seperated . As this part leaked when he put it back together I figured I would replace while it was in pieces .
 If you are a semi-handyman you can get this part and install it yourself instead of paying someone $ $ $ $ to install it for you . After all the guy will order this anyway as you did and you will end up paying through the nose .
 I ordered this swing looking for an inexpensive yet sturdy porch swing . It 's been well worth the money . For as cheap as it is , it seems just as comfortable as any other porch swing I 've sat in before , and since my wife sewed cushions and pillows anyway , we needed it more for sturdiness than comfort . Even if you were to purchase cushions yourself along with the swing , you 'd be saving $ 100 or so over all the other swings we priced . All around , a great deal on a basic , sturdy swing . Requires staining .
 This product works really well . Since it has been a very hot summer , the compost is breaking down faster than I expected , and the accelerator provides a good PH balance to the compost waste . This product makes the compost almost pleasant smelling , a real plus when you live in the suburbs .
 Just the perfect shovel ... light weight and easy to handle for and 86 yr . old ! Even in AR you just ca n't wait and let the snow melt always !
 My brother in law loved it . He was impressed with the metal wear strip . Its a large shovel so it can move more snow , faster .
 Really love the snow shovel . Since I bought it we have had no snow to use it on . This makes me really love it ... . SERIOUSLY !!!!!!!!!!
 This snow shovel is a replacement of one I wore out -LRB- same brand and general size -RRB- . I wanted to purchase the replacement locally but the weather had prevented Ace Hardware Trucks from reaching Boise for about three weeks ... and they ran out . I was able to buy one via Amazon.com for about the same price and somehow they were able to get it shipped to my home long before they were available again at Ace . I still think this shovel is the best buy and highly recommend it .
 I just wanted an aluminum snow shovel that was n't too wide , and that is exactly what I got . All around it is a solid product.The reason for the 4 stars is I am 6 ' 3 &#34; , and I wish the length of the handle would 've been at least another foot long ... for my height this shovel does n't promote good posture at all , however it will make shoveling easy for my lady when she comes to help me.So in the end I consider it a good buy .
 I ordered this as it 's hard to find aluminum shovels these days ! I do NOT like plastic shovels as the quality is just NOT there like an ` old and rotten ' aluminum shovel ! I spray it with furniture polish , wipe it off and shoveling is ridiculously easy that I chuckle at the neighbors who broke out their snow blowers for 2 '' of snow when I shoveled the two car wide , three car deep driveway before they were out of bed !! Being a woman , I love to shovel and get my winter exercise !
 I have only one word to describe this shovel and it 's GREAT !!!! I hate to shovel snow so when I must I want a shovel that will help me get this done fast and this one does it . Please do n't waste your time on anything less than light aluminum . My only hope now is that it does n't snow .
 This shovel is the best . It gets right down to the concrete . There is no thin layer of ice or snow left on the ground . With all the snow we have gotten this week I am going to order another one .
 Made my way through a foot of snow and ice yesterday with this shovel . First , it 's lightweight . That makes a world of difference when you 're shoveling your driveway , walkway , porch , and steps . 18 '' serves its purpose , but you wo n't be getting a large scoop of a shovel with this one . For me , that 's a good thing because it ensures my shovelfuls are reasonable and my back usually thanks me for it in the morning . Second , it 's sturdy . I bang it up between chopping ice and scraping concrete steps . It does bend a bit when you really work it over , but it can easily be hammered back into place if you feel the need . Has not affected the performance of the shovel . Metal blade ensures you get down to the pavement and helps chip away at ice . I 'm 5 ' 11 '' and have no complaints about the height of the shovel . Plan to get a second one before the next big snowfall . Included several images to provide a visual .
 The metal tip is great for digging into ice/sleet and packed snow . that was the main draw for me with these shovels . Since we tend to get more ice than snow in this area other plastic shovels just do n't cut it .
 Most of the snow shovels sold these days are made of some form of plastic . They are fine for pushing an inch of snow off a short sidewalk , but not much else . This shovel is metal and was needed the day it arrived for a substantial snowfall . It seems quite sturdy and is fairly light to use . My only wishes were that it was a bit wider and had an ergonomic handle , but I am thrilled to have found this shovel at the Amazon price .
 I was delighted to find aluminum snow shovels with normal straight wooden handles . -LRB- All the stores now stock worthless plastic shovels and shovels with bent handles as long as radio towers - NOT convenient ! -RRB- I 'm very pleased to find these light weight but sturdy snow shovels !
 The shovel is extremely well built and I 'm sure that it will last for many years . It moves snow very easily and cuts through thick ice with the metal blade . Being able to push the snow around is much better for me than a normal shovel . I hurt my back just before this winter and there is no way I would be able to clear my driveway with a scoop style shovel . Do n't waste your money on a plastic shovel if you live in an area with lots of snow and ice !
 There 's not much I can really rave about as far as a snow shovel goes , but this one is built very well , is sturdy and strong , features a nice front edge , and has worked wonderfully for me and my family . I have not seen any other shovels on the market that are as solid and nice as this one , especially for the price . We own two of them and can rely on them in even the heaviest Utah winters !
 I live in the DC metro area and have had the opporutnity to test this shovel THOROUGHLY this winter . We have had 4 + feet of snow since November . I can throughly recommend this shovel as sturdy and efficient in moving snow.I moved her from upstate New York over 20 years ago , but even now I still remember what a `` real '' shovel should be - aka , NOT plasatic . I ended up online in December to order this shovel because stores in this area sell such pathetic excuses they call shovels .
 In Northern NJ , we have had the worst January on record and this shovel was the backbone of my snow removal tools . It is very lightweight and relativity strong . Each time the blade has bent , I just hammered it back in shape and kept going , unlike the plastic ones which break easily . If you want to use a shovel to move snow , get this one -- it is well worth the cost ! God bless!JoshP.S . I am so impressed , I am ordering one for my girlfriend , too .
 My husband bought one of these years ago . Plenty of storms later the steel wear strip has worn all the way back up until the center two rivets wore away and the strip is now loose . Not bad - actually wore it out . It 's light and the coating releases most snow well . Sometimes if the snow is real sticky periodically spraying the blade with silicone spray helps . Looking for a store that carries these now to get a replacement.Update 12/12
 I live in upstate NY where we get a good deal of lake effect snow . This shovel is my go to for getting under sheets of ice . It does a great job . The only thing it lacks is it 's not very curved , so you ca n't move snow very easily . I have another shovel that 's awful with scraping , but great at moving lots of snow . With both shovels near by -LRB- along with my snow blower -RRB- , I can get the job done in a cinch .
 We got this at the tail end of a huge storm and it worked well on the packed down snow .
 The shovel is strong , good quality and works well . Packaging was a bit weird . I bought a few shovels and each was sent separately .
 Everything was perfect ! From the item being exactly what I ordered and needed to the prompt arrival as my husband needed the part asap to continue working ! Thank you for a great experience !
 One season so far over pvc hoops protecting blueberries . Much tougher and more satisfactory vs the crap sold at big box home and outdoor centers . The mockingbirds tried and tried but could not penetrate or get around this netting ; also , the hole size was perfect , small enough so that no issues with birds getting stuck -LRB- a neighbor had a larger opening type and removed it after injuring 3 different songbirds -RRB- . After 4 + months up , I recently removed and inspected it . No damage or signs of wear , so it is rolled up in storage for next season . Highly recommended
 I put the bird net up over an 18 x 36 foot fruit section of my garden . Last year , with out the net , we lost most of our grapes , strawberries and blueberries to the birds . Not this year . The net is allowing us to harvest all of the fruit this year . The net is fairly durable , but you do have to be careful with it when putting it in place or moving it as it can tear if it snags on things . I ca n't comment on how long it will hold up as I 've only had it up for about a month , but so far so good !
 When it came time to replace the 1 inch netting around our garden , we began reading reviews and obtaining samples . When our shipment arrived , the first thing we noticed was how much heavier/stronger the fabric was compared to all of our samples , some costing more . Another thing my wife noticed after we installed the netting was that , when she worked inside the netting , it did not tangle or catch on her clothing like the netting we had been using .
 Exactly as pictured . Hard to find Shar pei items that look like the breed .
 One season so far over pvc hoops protecting blueberries . Much tougher and more satisfactory vs the crap sold at big box home and outdoor centers . The mockingbirds tried and tried but could not penetrate or get around this netting ; also , the hole size was perfect , small enough so that no issues with birds getting stuck -LRB- a neighbor had a larger opening type and removed it after injuring 3 different songbirds -RRB- . After 4 + months up , I recently removed and inspected it . No damage or signs of wear , so it is rolled up in storage for next season . Highly recommended
 I put the bird net up over an 18 x 36 foot fruit section of my garden . Last year , with out the net , we lost most of our grapes , strawberries and blueberries to the birds . Not this year . The net is allowing us to harvest all of the fruit this year . The net is fairly durable , but you do have to be careful with it when putting it in place or moving it as it can tear if it snags on things . I ca n't comment on how long it will hold up as I 've only had it up for about a month , but so far so good !
 When it came time to replace the 1 inch netting around our garden , we began reading reviews and obtaining samples . When our shipment arrived , the first thing we noticed was how much heavier/stronger the fabric was compared to all of our samples , some costing more . Another thing my wife noticed after we installed the netting was that , when she worked inside the netting , it did not tangle or catch on her clothing like the netting we had been using .
 I was reluctant to spend this much money on a BBQ grill , but wow , what an improvment over the $ 150 grills out there!I especially like the fact that there are no ceramic bricks or lava rocks . These always fell down to the bottom of my old grills , resulting in an uneven temperature across the grill , and a constant source of maintenance . Not the case here.This grill encorporates long triagular metal pieces to cover the burners , which almost completely eliminate flare-ups . I can now cook dark meat chicken and sausage without any trouble at all.There is a `` gauge '' on the side of the unit that gives you a pretty good idea how much propane is left in your tank , and replacement of the tank is a breeze compared to previous grills I have owned.I think the best thing of all , is the fact that the grill is almost completely assembled when you take it out of the box . All you have to do is attach the legs , set the side burner , the side `` counter '' and the grill surface in place , and you are done . You only need 1 small wrench , and it 's included ! It even comes with a 20lb propane tank.The only thing I am not thrilled about is the fact that the three burners run from side to side . This forces you to light at least 2 burners even if you are only cooking a small amount of food . Kind of wasteful , but they all seem to be that way ... I am completely satisfied with this grill , and would recommend it to anyone who loves to grill . If you only cook bugers once in a while , you may want to look at a cheaper model , though.This model is on display at Home Depot , if you want to see it up close and personal before you buy ... Watch their ads , too . It was 10 % less than the Amazon price when I bought it .
 This grill is the best for the value . If you spend any more , you may not get any more features , performance , and reliability . If you spend less , you may end up with an inferior product that changes its model number and design year after year w/o a proper catalog of spare parts and customer service.At first , the $ 499 price tag may seem hefty , not after you compared its features and design to other grills ... you 'll soon question how Weber does all this for under $ 500 . Do n't be fooled by other grills that may be all stainless like the Nexgrill from target , my friend bought one and I saw the quality of that thing and it made me laugh ... Features : First of all , this grill comes with a propane tank -LRB- not many do -RRB- , porcelain enameled cast-iron grate -LRB- heavy duty from Home Depot -RRB- , porcelain enameled lid for rust resistance , built in thermometer , three 12K BTU burners , a side burner at 10K BTU , and crack proof wheels . Quality control is amazing at Weber . You will not regret it , plus their catalog is so impressive that you can pin point to one tiny screw and they can replace it for you.I have always been a Weber Kettle -LRB- 22.5 '' Silver One Touch -RRB- kind of BBQer , but I have to give in on the time issue so I purchased only from Weber when I decided to pick up a gas grill.Folks , buy this and you wo n't regret it ... you 'll soon cook everything outdoors as I have.Now I am a proud owner of two Weber grills and with covers on them , I plan on keeping both forever .
 This grill is the best for the value . If you spend any more , you may not get any more features , performance , and reliability . If you spend less , you may end up with an inferior product that changes its model number and design year after year w/o a proper catalog of spare parts and customer service.At first , the $ 499 price tag may seem hefty , not after you compared its features and design to other grills ... you 'll soon question how Weber does all this for under $ 500 . Do n't be fooled by other grills that may be all stainless like the Nexgrill from target , my friend bought one and I saw the quality of that thing and it made me laugh ... The quality is so poor that the handle is falling off after 8 months of usage . His NexGrill Cover is even turning brown cuz it only has one layer.Features : First of all , this grill comes with a propane tank -LRB- not many do -RRB- , porcelain enameled cast-iron grate -LRB- heavy duty from Home Depot -RRB- , porcelain enameled lid for rust resistance , built in thermometer , three 12K BTU burners , a side burner at 10K BTU , and crack proof wheels . Quality control is amazing at Weber . You will not regret it , plus their catalog is so impressive that you can pin point to one tiny screw and they can replace it for you.I have always been a Weber Kettle -LRB- 22.5 '' Silver One Touch -RRB- kind of BBQer , but I have to give in on the time issue so I purchased only from Weber when I decided to pick up a gas grill.Folks , buy this and you wo n't regret it ... you 'll soon cook everything outdoors as I have.Now I am a proud owner of two Weber grills and with covers on them , I plan on keeping both forever .
 I bow to the Weber . I got my Blue Silver C a year ago and it is just great . I got mine with the `` deluxe '' moniker as it has Stainless interior and still with the enameled hood . I have overheated is a few times when I was getting used to it and it did not discolor in the least . This grill is consitent and of superior quality . If you can spend the money , this is an excellent value !! Praise the Weber .
 I too was a Weber Kettle man -LRB- 22 1/2 '' -RRB- . Charcoaling was fine for weekends , but after work , it was difficult and time consuming . A friend gave me his old Kenmore that was borderline acceptable , but very small and uneven cooking -LRB- and only 2 burners -RRB- . Through a reward program at work , I was able to select my choice of many gifts . My eyes lit up when I saw the Silver C. My thoughts
 so why are you wasting money shopping for another ? Do n't ! If you are still looking for another sub - $ 200 grill , you are either cheap , or not a serious Ninja Grill Master . Save your money and upgrade to a Weber . This grill is fantastic , but not quite perfect . I purchased mine at a Home Depot , where I had a 10 % off coupon , and the service people agreed to exchange the porcelein coated grates for the cast irons grates in a floor model for free . This grill is an outstanding value . I use mine a couple of times every week . I 've owned it for six months and could n't be happier . My only complaints are small : My grill sits on a third floor balcony , and sometimes it can get very windy here . If the grill is facing the wind broadside , it can be moved by the wind , even with the small rollers in their locked position . Moving the grill fixed this problem.The cast iron grates , although fantastic at searing and retaining heat , do rust a little if not maintained properly . Weber recommends not cleaning the grates after each use and then doing a `` burnoff '' prior to each use . I find that even doing a hot burnoff prior to use can cause some rust to appear if you are n't grilling a greasy/saucy meat -LRB- aka chicken burger -RRB- . I 've started just leaving all meat juices/sauces/residue on the grill and only cleaning a spot on the grill with a wire brush if I need to use it . Accumulated gunk is good for preventing rust.Otherwise , this thing is a very well thought out appliance . Vegetables cook beautifully . But do n't buy this grill if you are a vegetarian , because you wo n't want to stay one very long . Weber Genesis loves meat , and the 600 sq inch cooking space allows for lots of it . The removable thermometer works like a charm as a meat thermometer . And the vinyl grill cover Weber makes for it stays on , even in very windy conditions . I love shopping grills and still look at the competition at the stores , but my Weber is better than the competition , and is usually much less $ . Smart Money magazine this month proves it . Weber Genesis was # 2 , but # 1 grill was twice as much ! Also , do n't forget about Weber 's great reputation for service after the sale.I also purchased a spare propane tank from Home Depot . Even though the propane gauge is helpful , it only gives a rough appx . Who wants to refill a tank just because your bbq party is gon na last all day ? Other upgrades are OXO Good Grips tongs , spatula , and prong/fork , grill basket and Weber Grill Cookbook . Life is short - quit wasting your time munching on uncooked vegetables , and become a Weber Ninja Grill Master .
 This is a well built grill that performs well . I looked hard at the models A , B , and C , read the reviews and concluded this is the one most people should get if they are willing to spend this much money on a grill . The A model is too wimpy , you really need three burners vs two on the A . The C model has the extra side burner but that burner is meant to be a sauce warmer , not a water boiler . So do n't get it unless you want a seperate sauce warmer on your grill .
 I 've had a few grills before this , and now had my Silver-B about 5 years . I recently rebuilt it and replaced burners and Flavorizers -LRB- $ 100 -RRB- , although the burners probably could have simply been cleaned with oven cleaner . This grill is not cheap and the parts are expensive , however everyone with one agrees they are great . They should last over 25 years with occasional parts replacement . The $ 600 grill at Sam 's looks better and in many ways is better , but the Weber durability and design is the best in the industry unless you spane $ 1000 or more . Beware no gas grill under $ 1000 will truly sear steaks and for that you need charcoal . That said , I also have a Weber Smokey Mountain smoker that works as a charcoal grill with an easy modification . The Silver-B has made me a Weber man for life , the things are simply built like tanks with very intelligent design . I usually do n't review products but I truly believe in Webers .
 I absolutely LOVE this grill . I have owned it for over a year and have never been let down . The structural integrity is remarkable -LRB- it feels as strong as a tank but without the weight -RRB- . I use it several times a week as it is simple to use and very easy to maintain.I took the process of purchasing of a grill very seriously . I was looking for longevity and excellent grilling control . I referred to Consumer Reports , Epinions , Amazon opinions -LRB- like this one -RRB- and talked to several grill owners . The data was clear
 I 've owned a Genesis Silver B for about three years , and I 'm still very happy with it . When it was time to replace the cheesy $ 100 Sunbeam grill that turned completely into a pile of rust , I decided to `` buy it right '' this time and got the Weber . Kept covered when not in use , this is a grill that 's built to last for years.The burners are powerful , and thoughtfully arranged . And I definitely like the `` flavorizer bars '' better than lava rocks -- once or twice a season I can just remove them and clean them up a bit . This grill has the power , space , and versatility to handle any cooking job I can throw at it . On hot summer days I 've even used it for baking , to avoid having to turn on the oven inside the house.If you 're a serious cook and you love to grill , do n't think twice about it . Buy this grill.EDIT
 but I was still able to assemble our new Weber Silver Genesis by myself . You only need to put in 7 bolts , and 4 of those attach the main grill body to the legs , so that is pretty easy ! They even give you the tools necessary to tighten the bolts.You really should have two people to lift the grill body onto the legs , so even though I figured out a way to do that by myself , I do n't recommend it . The grill body is heavy and really too awkward for one person to manage alone . Other than that , assembly is trivial.The assembly instructions are pictures . I 'm over 50 and the detail on each picture is a little hard to see , I would have appreciated verbal description to go along with it , but I still got it done with no problem.We usually gril at least 3-4 times a week . Our old `` cheap '' grill just died , and rather than replace it with more of the same we decided to upgrade . It was a good decision . IT is easier to light , the heat seems to be more even , it maintains even temperature better in the cool fall weather , and it is reasonably easy to clean.Steaks taste better !
 I just recently bought this item and , whilst assembling it noticed that the Warm-up Basket would n't fit . The basket itself was ok but the protruding metal that hooks to the hood was short . I returned it to where I bought it and they gladly replaced it with another one taken from another Weber on display.Also , most of the flavorizer bars had chipped enamel . Also , one had a big chipped enamel paint that was only touched up.Looking closely at the one even on display from the store , it , too , had flavorizer bars that had been touched up.Again , the store gladly allowed me to exchange for the best flavorizer bars.I would n't accept if Weber where to argue that this is acceptable . Would you buy a brand new car with a chipped paint and only touched up?If not for this experience I would have given it 5 stars.Weber , review your quality control procedures ! I 'm not impressed . But in fairness , I have to say that overall , the build quality and simple but practical design is superior . I already own a Weber prior to this new purchase.Weber just needs to review its inspection procedures prior to release .
 To say I upgraded is misleading . My previous grill was a Smokey Joe . For its size , I could not have been happier . Going upward to the Genesis Silver B is incredible.As grills for the average outdoor cook go , this is fantastic . Three burners are what I wanted , and this meets my need . Start-up means opening the grill , twisting a gas release , turning on one burner , and pressing the igniter . Close the grill and within minutes , it is hot , ready to cook.So far , I 've made steaks , ribs , cornish hen , and burgers with tremendous success . My wife has made vegetables recently that cooked as hoped . To make up for the lack of charcoal , I 've used wood chips.The built-in cooking thermometer helps keep control of things . The condiment tray is small , and not much use for more than a burger flipper . There 's a full shelf on the left for plates and something for the chef to drink.The warming rack has been handy when one burger cooked faster than the rest . I use it also for baking potatoes.It gets cold here where I live , but I am confident my Weber will last through the winter.I fully recommend the `` Genesis Silver B. `` Anthony Trendleditor , HungarianBookstore.com
 We have used this grill for four years and it still works just as new . If you wish quality at a decent price , look no further . This is the greatest .
 I really struggled with purchasing my new grill . I have always bought the sub $ 200 grills -LRB- I have had three of these -RRB- . When looking for a new one , I thought I would upgrade . Everything that I have read about this grill was extremely positive . Sturdy construction , 36,000 BTU , porcelin-coated cooking grates -LRB- very heavy -RRB- , three full length burners for even cooking -LRB- big problem with my old grills with their h-shaped burners -RRB- . My biggest problem was getting it home . The Home Depot has these grills pre-assembled but they would not fit in my SUV . Plus , there was the thought of trying to lug this beast up the 14 stairs to my deck . I opted to buy one still in the box . This fit nicely in my vehicle . There was someone on site -LRB- thank you Home Depot -RRB- to help me lift it in . At home I enlisted the help of my daughter 's boyfriend to get it out . I then proceeded to carry it , piece by piece , up to the deck . I was really dreading the assembly -LRB- regardless of Weber 's claimed Stopwatch assembly -RRB- . I have assembled probably half a dozen grills in the past and found them to usually take 2 to 3 aggravitating hours . This grill really does go together in about 10 minutes -LRB- 7 screws -RRB- . Although I have not had the opportunity to actually grill on it yet , I have enjoyed just looking at it -LRB- one fine looking grill -RRB- . I am certain that my grilling experiences will also be very pleasurable . Thank you Weber .
 Other than my terrier dog , thinking I was buring a bone -LRB- she was following behind me digging these up -RRB- the results were remarkable once placed into moist soil . I 've tried many other forms and types of fertilizers and this is the BEST ! After 20 years of gardening my yard finally looks like a professional landscape .
 This is my second order of Jobe 's Azalea , Camillia , etc. plant stakes . They are the BEST . My house is surrounded with acid loving foundation plants , as the yard is full of Crape Myrtles and Magnolias . I live in North Texas -LRB- not East Texas where anything will grow -RRB- . This is the BEST product I have ever used for all my acid loving plants . It was packed well and I received in good condition , as well as promptly . I will have to place a third order because I want to keep on hand for future uses .
 Jobe 's fertilizer spikes for Azaleas really work , and are easy to use without danger of damages your bushes .
 I have five Compact Inkberry Holly 's that looked like the were about to die after years of neglect . I placed a spike under each drip head . One spike per plant . I am going to go to two spikes per plant soon . It took about two months , but now the foliage is bright green , new grow is emerging from the once barren branches . I can also see the beginning of berries to appear . Great product . I just order two more 10 packs . JMC
 I have used these Jobes fertilizer spikes for several years and have been very pleased with them . I get beautiful blue hydrangeas every year .
 Every 5 or 6 years I replace my pump - either to eliminate noise or in the last case , because the old one failed . I always buy the same pump because it just means I need to cut the PVC , remove the pump , and redo the PVC with the same alignment ... easy.This pump is powerful , simple and does the job hour after hour , year after year . The per year cost of the pump itself is less than $ 90 when you think about it , that 's nothing compared to the other pool maintenance costs . Better to get a good pumnp like this one than to have underpowered pressure .
 Quiet & very easy to install . Pool looks & runs better than ever even with Polaris pulling on it . Very speedy deliver too .
 I 'm enjoying the Shepard 's Hook . We use the Hook for Night Fishing . Everybody is asking where I got my Hook from . I 'm telling everybody where to get a Shepard 's Hook.Thank you so much for your speedy delivery to me.again Thank you so much.Thank you , Sheri P.
 I love the flag , the colors are SO vibrant and great quality . This was a replacement of one I have had for about 10 years and had seen better days so I knew it was not Cardigan Corgis . If anything should be changed , the title should be . I 'm sure a lot of people pass on this thinking it 's not a Pembroke .
 My nephew loved his present . I was very happy with quality when I received it and I have n't heard any complaints yet .
 My neice and nephew loved their presents . I was very happy with them when I received them . Quality seemed good and I have n't heard any complaints .
 I bought this for my 9 year old nephew and he loved it . Sturdy enough for a boy his age . He 's going to use as a carryon when they go to florida soon .
 Very sturdy , true team colors , great shipping , and the perfect size . You can store a lot of things in it .
 Awesome bag for a UT fan ! Thought it would be a little bigger but still very nice . Perfect for a gym bag or an overnight bag .
 This was a gift to a Husky Alumni . It almost brought a tear to his eye ; he abolutely LOVED it . I was really impressed with the size , and quality of the bag . If it were an Oregon Ducks bag I 'd get one for myself . It 's really a great bag .
 Purchased this as a gift for my father . It is the perfect size for him to take to the gym . Very well made , the colors are beautiful and it has many pockets to organize all of his things . He loves it . Would recommend to a friend .
 Nice material and the ultimate gift for an Alabama fan.My hubby will be using it to transport his fight gear to karate .
 This bag is great . The only negative thing I would say is the gold can sometimes appear to be a greenish color .
 The bag not only looks really good , but has really held up well and has many useful pockets for storage .
 Sturdy , good color , easily recognizable for the logo . I really like the the shoe space being seperate and large enough to hold my size 14 .
 I ordered this for my boyfriend for his birthday . He is a HUGE Tennessee Vols fan and he 's a huge gym junkie . He had been using his old highschool gym bag for his bag which he is almost 5 years out of high school ! haha So this was perfect . Delivery was quick . I got it about 2 days later . He loved it and loves how many pockets there are for his things . The only downside is the picture shows that it 's black , and when it came in it was orange with black . but I was fine with that because I knew he would love it anyways . and like I said , he did.I would defintely recommend this as a gift , or even for yourself !
 Great product ! My son loves it . It 's held up through his using it as a gym bag and/or book bag .
 Great practical sports bag for UGA fans and fits purpose . Like the separate compartment for shoes and well organized side pocket with phone , velcro , andmany other pockets and pen holders to get organized for the team sports as well as standard gym trip . Not too big , not too small and can also serve as overnight carry-on luggage .
 Got this for the wife who is an LSU grad . I have the same one but the Texas A&M model . Has a lot of room for everything . Great shoe pocket that runs the length of the bag and a large zipper pocket with lots of dividers and pockets to store just about anything from keys to cell phones . It also have a zip through pocket on the back side that could be opened to allow the bag to ride on top of a wheeled bag in the airport . Good quality . Just what it says it is . I might have made it all purple . The yellow color is the only downfall . IMHO , my solid maroon A&M one looks better .
 Very good product delivered in a timely fashion . The only down side is that the bag is quite large , making it a tight fit in typical health clublockers . The color shown is a bit misleading -- actual bag is more of a gold than the telklow as it appears .
 High quality easy to use and and comfortable.holds dirty shoes away from everything else.Highly recomended
 The bag was very nice but smaller than I thought . I do n't remember reading that it was that small but could have been my fault . Timely shipping was the only thing I was really disappointed in . It was nearly 2 weeks late so the gift was late to the graduate but they did say they would refund the shipping cost . Have n't seen it yet though .
 I purchased this item as a gift , and it worked out perfectly because it was exactly what I was looking for . It has great use as a gym bag ! It has several spacious compartments for shoes , clothes , keys , and even a cell phone pocket . It has three convenient straps
 Through the years , I have ordered large numbers of college athletic equipment to give as gifts to graduates , etc. . This bag is excellent quality in rich Georgia red !
 I got this bag for my sister for Christmas -LRB- we 're both Georgia alums -RRB- . She was looking for a bag with a separate shoe pocket for sweaty shoes and clothes post-workout . She LOVED this bag . It 's excellent quality -- good , heavy material -- and quite large . And the price was terrific , especially for an officially licensed product . The only downside is that there 's no dedicated water bottle pocket . Seller was great . The bag arrived on Xmas Eve as promised .
 My daughter in law was in need of an overnight travel bag . This let her advertise herself as an Ohio State fan and filled the need . It arrived as advertised and was a big hit .
 Perfect for a gym bag or weekend bag , nice size and great quality . Will order again . Great for a carry-on also !
 This bag is so much nicer then the picture looks . I gave it to a relative who is a Husky fan and alumni and he loved it . This plus a great Husky sweatshirt also bought online and he was thrilled with his Christmas present .
 Great size to hold basketball equipment . Stinky shoes are stored separately and it can carry toiletries , towels , and clothes . Great team look .
 Probably my only gripe is the size ... its pretty small -LRB- 21 &#34; long -RRB- but as they state the dimensions in the description I cant blame anyone but myself for that . Still very nice and made a Terp happy so I guess thats what its all about .
 I would recommend this bag for all Notre Dame fans attending high school or college . The high School kid I bought it for loved it .
 Grandson loves it . Looks well made . Liked the place for the shoes in the bottom . Color was great . Good size for one or two nights .
 I 've searched around for the best price/product for this gym bag and must say I 'm extremely pleased with this bag ! It 's solid quality , best I 've seen so far around town and the net . Highly recommended !
 Much larger than I expected , but it is a nice bag . It is more like a travel bag , not a gym bag . Do n't get if you really want to take it to the gym .
 Very Happy with this purchase . . It is really well made . I usually do not take the time to write reviews but had to with this . My husband is going to love it!The seperate compartment for the shoes is a great feature.Buy it !
 Great for the price . I paid 28 for this thing , and while it 's not as nice as one of those 90 + dollar gym bags , it 's definitely worth more than what I paid for it .
 My grandson is a senior in high school this year . He uses the gym bag for a book bag , and receive lots of good comments on this bag from his classmates.I have been very satisfied with all my purchases and customer support from Amazon
 This is one heck of a duffle bag . Very well made and a good size . I have it to my oldest niece to take to tennis camp this summer . Go Wolverines ! BTW , I originally bought it as a gym bag and found it was much too large . I carry my bag around the gym , however , and use it for gloves , belts , etc. , rather than transporting clothes .
 I ordered this bag thinking it would be a little larger than it is , but it 's still a good buy . my husband has an alabama bag that our son gave him for his birthday a few years ago that he bought locally at an Alabama store in Tuscaloosa and i was hoping this was the same size . Although it is smaller , it 's the right size for what my grandson needs it for . . overnight/weekend stays with friends . The construction is great , the pockets are roomy and easily accessible and the fabric is sturdy . Overall , it 's a really good buy .
 I 'm in love with this bag . It 's perfect , and other people here -LRB- ND -RRB- ask me where I got it from all the time .
 This bag is fantastic . I love it . I use it every morning ! I highly recommend it to any longhorn fan .
 We bought this sports duffel for our son 's basketball season and he a big fan of Oklahoma State University as his cousin , Caleb Lavey , is the starting middle linebacker for OSU ! Go Pokes ! Anyway , the quality is very high and the bag is rugged . They matched the orange very well and the should strap is solid
 This is a durable and sturdy gym bag that I bought for my father for Christmas . It was very cool looking and since he is an Illinois alumni , he loves it . Great bag !
 My niece was very happy with her Christmas gift ! Very durable and just the right size . Excellent price as well .
 My 10 year-old nephew loves this bag ! It is sturdy , has various compartments for shoes , etc and is Alabama ! Roll tide !
 Perfect for the gym . It 's large enough to store toiletries and your clothes , and easy to store away when not in use .
 Love this bag ! Bought it as a gift - very sturdy , nice vibrant colors and quality durable fabric . Large and very roomy . It has lots of compartments and could work well for gym , sports , beach or carry-on luggage . It also has heavy duty feet at the bottom of the bag which was a great plus .
 This is a great gym bag I bought when the Badgers were # 4 in the country in football , now I do n't know where they are after losing 2 games in a row . The bag holdd a lot and has diffrent pockets on the sides and on the bottom . Its very strong and sturdy you can carry everything in it .
 This gym bag is well made , roomy , and well designed with pockets and compartments for everything for the gym or travel or work . An excellent value for the price .
 Bought this for my father , die hard Tarheels fan . He uses it a lot and always talks about how well made it is . It came in great time , made it for Father 's Day .
 I admit I bought this as a novelty to show off school spirit , but I really use it a lot.This bag is good size for all my gym stuff and looks really sharp . I have used it daily and have seen no problems.At fist , I thought it was a little too much too spend on a gym bag , but once it arrived , I was pleasantly pleased by the quality . I receive questions often about where I got it . I think this was a great find and highly recommend .
 Great bag to show off your support for your team and roomy for an over night or just to the gym
 This is a great gym bag . Has extra pockets for your cell phone and wallet and plenty of space inside to keep your change of clothes . Great quality at a great price !!
 I bought this sight unseen , save for the picture above , as a father 's day present . It shipped very fast , and arrived in new condition . The bag is much bigger than the picture can coney , and it 's quality is amazing . Ca n't recommend this enough for fans of Notre Dame , especially those who need a gym bag !
 I got this bag to show off my support for UGA in a UVA dominated state.It does that exceedingly well . Bright red and clear G logo.It also doubles as a very well designed bag . What a handy feature!some of my favorite features are :1 -RRB- Light weight - it 's easy to carry around and it does n't have a lot of extra stuff built into it like useless frames etc. 2 -RRB- Secret compartment for dirty clothes . The 2 flaps on the end look like regular pockets but they are actually a 2nd `` main area . '' There 's a cloth divider that runs all the way under the main compartment . As you fill this up it simply takes up more space in the main area . It 's the perfect spot for dirty clothes . It keeps them separate without taking up double the space .3 -RRB- Plenty of space to carry around whatever . I kept the entire team 's shirts in it without any problems .
 These bags are perfect for quick overnight trips and for use as a carry on . It has beautiful colors and quality fabric . It is large and very roomy with lots of compartments that works well for a lot of activities .
 I was so pleased with this bag . The material is thick and the zippers are nice and durable . It 's sometimes a crap-shoot when ordering products online because photos can be deceiving - but not this time . You will love this bag - great size and very well made .
 Love all the compartments - especially the bottom one for shoes/wet items ! Great detail , was able to have it monogrammed beautifully . Vibrant true to school colors . GREAT for the gym and to use as overnight bag . Thanks !
 I bought this bag as a gift for my husband and I think it 's awesome ! It 's made from durable materials and there are pockets everywhere . I have not given him the bag yet , but I know he will love it . I would highly recommend this bag to anyone .
 This is a very nice -LRB- HEAVY -RRB- duty flag . Great addition on my flag pole . If you are a dale JR. fan than buy this flag and fly it high . Good product .
 When i first got this was worried , seemed cheap . However was able to fix my entire pre-lit tree in a couple hours , and had tried without for a couple days with no success . Allows you to test if bulbs still work individually or fuses , as well as test the circuit with the power on to find where the break in the circuit occurs , thus finding the damaged bulb . Worked great for me as long as you follow the simple instructions . Would highly reccomend to a friend , and was half the price of the fancier model at the hardware store and did the job just fine .
 I ordered two testors . I tried the first ones that arrived in a timely manner . Neither would work . I called the seller and he replaced both of them at his cost . Both testers worked the 2nd time . I could n't be happier
 Works great ! It 's still not foolproof , but does a better job than any of my other testers .
 it works just like the instructions say it should . the delivery time was very good .
 I was skeptical , but my boyfriend insisted we purchase a light tester , so I bought this one because it was a good price . I tried using it and could not understand how it worked and was not able to actually fix the strand of lights we needed to fix . However , with some time my boyfriend was able to fix his strand of lights , which involved replacing over 50 bulbs . I 'm not sure if they all really needed replacing or not , but in the end it was worth it to him because he was able to use the lights . He had a 4 color multi function set of lights that would cost over $ 50 to replace with something similar and we just were n't going to do that . The only strand that did n't work was red . So with just the purchase of this product and a $ 2 strand of red lights to take bulbs from , we had a fantastic strand of lights back in working order and in our windows for the holiday season ... and it 's now almost July and they 're still in the window and we turn them on occasionally because they 're so fun . Thanks to this little tool we were able to enjoy those lights !
 I gave this to several family members as an Easter/Spring gift & then got one for myself . Too soon to tell how the birds will like it , but this is a great gift for any fishermen/women you know ! Or just really cute yard art . The detailing is wonderful - looks like they molded it on an actual cloth fishing hat , with stitching and buttons , and the lures are cute and securely attached . Something different for Father 's & Mother 's day at a great price - this would retail for a good bit more in a gift shop . Plus , it comes securely cradled in styrofoam blocks in a very nice gift box . You can have this shipped & be fairly sure it will arrive in good condition .
 This is a much nicer , higher quality birdhouse then the picture actually lets on.Its solid heavy material and the items around the hat are nicely detailed and they are all on what appear to be actual fishing hooks -LRB- shaved down for safety -RRB- . This will be a nice addition to my dads collection . And at the low price , it cant be beat !
 Nice quality and looks so cute hanging on my porch ... just like hubby hung it there when he got done fishin !
 This is a great little steamer -- the smallest possible for travel . It does take a while to warm up but worth the wait .
 Steamer is as expected ... works well , size is excellent for carry on packiing . Would highly recommend .
 I believe that I have already reviewed this product . However again , it is as advertised . Does what it is supposed to do , nicely . Received on schedule as promised . I had looked at the reviews for the competitive product hawked by the yelling Billy Mayes , -LRB- why does he yell anyway ? -RRB- . Am pleased that those reviews steered me away from that mostly malfunctioning Billy Mayes hawked product !
 We have not had the opportunity to use this on a trip yet . We had one very similar to it before which ended getting a crack in the body after several years . We do like it because of its compactness and that it comes in a little bag to hold it in . I do n't expect it to last for a lifetime , but the previous one serviced us well in all our travels .
 This is a small travel garment steamer which works great on my business trips and empty weight is very light makes it easier to carry around . I keep one in my son 's diaper bag along with his small clothes and whenever he needs a quick change , steamer steps forward in emergencies , removing wrinkles & odors nicely .
 good steamer , easy to travel with , easy to set up and use . this product delivers at a fair price , and comes in very handy
 I purchased this for an upcoming trip to my daughter 's wedding . Have n't really used it yet , but did try it out and it seamed to work fine . I feel it will work for what I need it to do .
 Small & compact , which was the purpose of the purchase . Overall a decent design , the steamer got the job done . The downside , which really is n't bad if you 're on holiday with no time schedule , but could be a problem for the business traveller , is that the Steamer takes a long time to heat up ; especially compared with others tried in the past.But if being somewhere on time does n't invlove a flurey and rushing out the door , & packing lightly is a factor -LRB- do n't worry , it takes too long to heat up for TSA to try it when they search luggage at the airport -RRB- , then this little steamer is a charm .
 The product is compact and relatively easy to use . You have to keep it upright when you steam or it drips but otherwise does a good job .
 I ordered this item when my American Tourister steamer -LRB- also made by Franzus -RRB- began leaking after more than * 20 years * of faithful service both on the road and here at home . I had been looking for several weeks since I 'm pretty picky about my appliances . This steamer has exceeded my expectations in every category . It must have been designed by someone who actually uses the product -- it is efficient , well-designed , easy to use , and very compact . The cord is ~ 8 ft long , making it usable even in those rare large hotel bathrooms where the outlet is far from the shower bar . The butterfly handle design is easier to use than other steamers on the market , affording level grip even to a jet-lagged traveller . The handles fold well flat against the body of the steamer . Comes with a brush head that I have n't tried yet -LRB- forgot to put it on the steamer while it was cool -RRB- , and a drawstring bag for easy storage & packing . I am ** thrilled ** with this steamer !!! It 's even better than the older version that I loved , obviously the company has paid attention to detail & continued to improve their product . I was so happy to find this is made by Franzus since I already know their high-quality based on the long life on my last Franzus-made steamer . The Micro Pro also steamed clothing wrinkle-free in less time than my old model . Great for at-home use too if you 're like me and HATE to iron . Saves your fabric while making clothes look fresh from the cleaners or the dryer . I rate this Franzus Micro Pro Steamer a 5 + + + for its compact good looks , clever features , and easy usability . Franzus thought of everything . If you 've been shopping for a steamer -- look no further !!
 This is a terrific product for what it was designed to be , a travel steamer . It is small so the steam wo n't last long enough to do a lot of clothes but , for travel , I would n't leave home without it . This is the second one I have owned . I used the first one for both travel and home , using it almost every day to steam what I was going to wear to work that day , and it only started to leak after more than 10 years of use . I previously had a more expensive steamer that clogged after only a few months and was useless . I now also have a Conair steamer for home use and use my new Franzus for travel only .
 The product is light weight and great for traveling . However , it does not put out as much steam as I had hoped . It takes too long to actually steam press an article of clothing .
 This product works great on taking wrinkles out of clothes . The previous reviews on this product help me decide to buy this . My wife is hard to please but she is very happy with her Christmas present .
 Slow to start but works great when warmed up . Nice size for traveling and takes wrinkles out very well .
 As an avid traveler , I 've purchased this steamer as a solution for those overseas hotels which do n't provide irons . I used to pack Downy Wrinkle Releaser and make the best of it , but with this easy-to-use , dual-voltage device , I can steam my clothes on-the-go at home and abroad . Since it 's a micro steamer , I would n't expect to steam a whole suitcase full of clothes on one fill . But it handles one or two outfits very well , and given how light and compact it is , makes for a must-have travel accessory .
 I had a steamer I loved for years that is no longer made so I purchased this one . The best part of the steamer is that it is compact and easy to pack . While it works well , the steam is continuous once it heats vs. the other steamer which had a button to push to release the steam . Aside from that missing feature , I 'd recommend it .
 I ordered our deer chasher fountain on Monday and I recieved it on Thursday . It came without a pump , but we had one on hand . It took me seconds to attach it and plug it into my outdoor AC outlet . It works perfectly . We like the fact that it is n't made of bamboo and will never rot . The fountain looks wonderful and works . The reviews I read said it did n't make a clicking sound and another said the pipes did n't empty . Our Deer Chaser works beautfully , I think , because our pump was made for small to medium size fountains . It is strong enough to move the water with some force but slow enought to make it look natural . I found that it worked best when the tubing was n't crimped holding back the flow of the water . We staked it into the gorund and leveled it and the results where perfect Japanese effect , we love it . There was very little directions , just a photo on the box and a paragraph or two inside , but it was easy . Great product and it even chases the dog and squirrels away .
 It 's a faihtful resin replica of a Shishi Odoshi fountain . They did an amazing job on it . Unless you are right on top of it and looking very closely , you 'll never know it 's plastic and not real bamboo . The molding and painting are perfect . As long as they last outdoors that is . We 'll see after this summer if it fades or chips off.To run this at a normal speed you 'll want a very very low pressure stream of water . A small 90gph fountain pump will run it just fine , and you may even have to turn that down a bit to get a slow realistic rocking motion.The rocking mechanism is flawless and when the flow of water is slow enough it works very well . Turn up the water and it rocks back and forth way too fast and flings and splashes water everywhere . You will have to turn your valve way down on the pump , or place an inline clamp on the feeder line to bring the flow down to almost a trickle.Laguna / Hagen includes a free hose adapter , so you can make this fountain work with just about any size pump tubing you have . The base of the fountain assembly is conveniently notched to run the very flexible included water hose out of it kink free . It looks to be 1/4 '' I.D. tubing.Two flaws , there was no assembly manual , but a good look at the box and you 'll sort it out . Two , the rocking arm makes little to no noise when operating . So it 's not a `` deer scarer '' , more of a rocking fountain arm . I took one star off for those issues.It works so well and looks so nice otherwise , I 'm not bothered that it does n't make the familiar CLACK when it goes down and comes back up.These are very hard to find as they were discontinued some time ago . Buy them when you find them or they may be gone forever .
 The product I received was not a Deer Scarer . It was a Japanese Fountain . After a couple E-mails I convinced the vendor that I had received the wrong item . The vendor ask if I would like a store credit or the correct item at no additional cost . I selected the correct item at no additional cost . Yesterday , I received the correct item -LRB- Deer Scarer -RRB- . Now if a second charge does not show up on my credit card , I am a very happy customer .
 The Rubbermaid 5F21 Deck Box with seat is the best outdoor storage box there is for the money . For my purpose it serves me great . I store my pool supplies in it . I have one problem with this order . The Amazon web site where I ordered the box from had a come on that said if you sign up for thier credit card they would take $ 30.00 off the order . I signed up for the card and lo and behold the $ 30.00 was never taken off . I called the card issuer and they told me that I had signed up for the wrong card and they could not do anything for me . I tried to call Amazon to no avail . It looks like I have a card that I really do n`t want and I ` m out the $ 30.00 I was promised . So , be very very leary .
 I use this outside for my kids to put their outdoor toys in . They can access them easily and actually close the lid to keep everything dry from harsh weather . We have mild winters so not sure how it would hold up with super cold weather . When it rains it does not accumulate water on top which I like . Assembly was n't super easy - poor instructions and holes require hammering . But that does lead to tight fitting sides so its worth it . Great buy !
 This product was delivered in a short time which I was surprised.It was not damaged at all.My greatest surprise was that it was easy to assemble.Rubbermaid does have quality products . It is the right size for our deck and after six weeks so far no rain has leaked into the box.We are very pleased with this product and would highly recomended it .
 The shipping box was damaged upon arrival . After assembling the deck box I notices gaps in the side seams . I placed a bead of silicone caulking in each of the 4 side seams , wrapped the box with bungies and after 2 days the gaps were sealed . So far the interior has remained dry after many rain storms .
 This is perfect for a low profile deck box for housing a number of boat accessories and fits perfectly at the end of a four foot wide dock deck in between the roof posts . If you have a capecod gray composite deck planking , the color blends in well . Good value for the price paid .
 Great value and quality . Was looking at this same box at Lowe 's for 129 dollars . Found it on Amazon for half of that . Very pleased .
 Easy to assemble and does not leak . Looks good on the deck . Just a little smaller than I expected . Overall a good buy .
 I am happy with this deck box , although it is still plastic and if you overload it , it will not stay together . I bought this to keep charcoal and wood in for the grill and smoker and it definitely keeps everything dry but when I tried to fill it to the max , it would n't stay together . All in all though i would definitely recommend it for outdoor stuff and it is a great size .
 I ordered the Rubbermaid deck box , and it arrived a day early . My husband put it together easily , and it held our 4 chair cushions.We have had about 5 days of rain , and everything stayed dry . I recommend this deck box !!!
 This was right along the lines of what I expected quality wise.Product arrived in a partially crushed box , and required a brace inside on a warm day to reform into the correct shape for proper closure , due to shipping damage.Sharp partially unfinished edges from manufacturing . Took a few minutes with a knife to trim these to smoothed edges .1 person assembly , except for attaching the lid via the hinges . -LRB- I did it myself but recommend having someone help . -RRB- Much larger than I expected . -LRB- I should have measured out the size listed in the product description -RRB-
 This box is very large and will hold my supplies , towells , robes and still have extra room . It has kept out the dirt and rain , everything is still dry . My only concern is the lid doesnt seem secure . And does not latch . I would not use it as seat unless you are a light small person , maybe child .
 I ordered the Rubbermaid SF21 Deck Box from Amazon on a Friday . It qualified for free shipping . It arrived the following Monday , just three days after my order . The box snapped together easily as soon as I followed the instructions . Because of double wall construction Rubbermaid storage products are sturdy when assembled . This is the fourth Rubbermaid storage product we have purchased over the past 20 years . They have all survived cold Iowa winters and hot summers . When we need to add another outdoor storage product we 'll go Rubbermaid again .
 I spent about a week looking around town -LRB- Lowes , Home Depot and Wal Mart -RRB- but found exactly what I wanted on Amazon at a great price . This was easy to put together and sturdy with tons of room for storing all my deck & gardening supplies + leaf blower . Love it .
 Fairly easy to assemble . Seems to be sturdy enough . Being used to store gardening supplies -LRB- mulch , soil etc. -RRB- and so far everything is staying dry after a few rain events . -LRB- Purchased deck box in October -RRB-
 Could not be more pleased -- assembly is common sense and straightforward -- it literally took minutes to snap together after punching out holes -- which is clearly shown in directions .
 I like this storage chest . It is the right size for putting my backup generator in and room left to put my 5 gal gas can too ! Assembly was quick and easy . Even though it may seem like the joints could be tighter , I have yet to have an issue with any wetness inside , and we have had some good rain and wind storms through our neck of the woods since I purchased it . We will see how it is when the snow comes ! So far so good . Did I mention it makes a good seat ? It definitely does . The price was fair and the shipping was super quick . Got ta love Amazon and their customer service ! The only reason I only give it four stars is I think the joints could be a little tighter , but all in all I am happy with my purchase .
 This product is priced right . The quality is good . The assembly is very easy . I feel as though a Democrat could even assemble this .
 The product is fine I guess , I have not used it because I was not sure I really wanted to purchase it . After viewing this item , I automatically learned I purchased it . No name , no billing address or maining address was asked nor was a credit card . The item was sent to me and my card was charged . However I still do n't know how this company can get by with this . I will never look at a website connected withAmazon again .
 Storage box came in several pieces , but directions were excellent allowing me to assemble the box in less than 20 minutes . All pieces are labelled making assembly a snap -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . Lid hinged easily ; all parts snapped together easily . To make sure they would be totally waterproof , I invested $ 3.00 in a tube of acrylic caulk which was enough to caulk all seams . After 2 months of use , everything is tight . The lock hole on the lid matches up with the one on the front panel to attach a padlock . As a seat , it also worked well , supporting easily a 180 lb adult . All in all this is a good product at a good price .
 We placed the box under the deck and filled it with all of our outdoor toys . Makes cleaning up at the end of the play day a breeze . The box is definitely waterproof and critterproof . We can even lock it if we want to add a padlock .
 We read in other reviews that this box wasnt sturdy but so far it has been remarkably solid for us . We 've had 2 people sitting on it at the same time without issue and it 's kept everything inside it dry during heavy rains and humidity.About the only downside is that because it 's a ` seat ' , the top is slightly sloped making it more difficult to put glasses or plates on it . There is a slightly flatter section towards the back , but it 's hard to see the differentiation and we 've had more than one near accident with sliding glassware . ; -RRB-
 The deck box is just what we were looking for . Strong enough to sit on . Rigid enough to be banged around a bit .
 This is exactly what I was hoping for . I purchased a Rubbermaid small tool shed a few years ago , and it is still in perfect shape . I was hoping this box would be of the same material and workmanship , and it is ! It took all of five minutes to assemble and put in place . I am very pleased with the product .
 Perfect for my deck . Needed something to hold the grill cover , tools and some other stuff that was starting to clutter the deck . Assembled quick and easy . I already used it as a step stool , the thing is super sturdy . Per other reviews I read , I am going to run a bead of caulk/silicone on the inside edges to make it truly watertight . Best part ? Amazon was $ 20 less than the local home improvement chain and they shipped it free too !
 I bought this item for use as a dock box . Luckly the marina I use allows the tenants to use this type of box for a dock box and a lot of these are in use.The box snapped together eaisly . I made some modifications to help deal with the wind since the marina is quite exposed to the weather . I used some short peices of galvanized strap material and sheet metal screws to reinforce the seams in the corners between the ends , front and back . I also screwed through the bottom into the dock using pan head screws and large flat washers . I think I added another plastic strap between the box and lid.If you are using this for home use you could skip the modifications but I would make sure to keep something in the lid lock to keep the wind from flipping the lid up .
 This was well worth my money . I did secure it stationary as too many kids want to &#34; have it &#34; LOL . Beside my front door and seems to be a good height for a seat and has the lockable storage combo . I leave an opened pad lock on it for deliveries if I am out , and the delivery guys know to put packages inside and snap the pad lock closed . Bad guys following delivery guys around , and dashing to someones ` porch and snatching packages seem to be becoming prevalent . They ca n`t get my packages noew . I have had a few stolen off my porch in the past . Great buy .
 We have a few of these . In different sizes . They go together easily . No idea why the first step is knocking out plastic parts . They could n't do this ? Otherwise assembly takes about 60 seconds . We have several of this size box and some have tops that fit perfectly . Others have tops that are too deep and the lock hole does n't line up . It is weather resistant but not water -LRB- or insect -RRB- proof . Even when perfectly assembled there are small cracks between the pieces that allow small bugs to enter . So not for dog food or anything like that . Stuff inside stays dry . Also , if you use a lock understand that the lock is just aesthetic . A ten year old could pull the sides or back off to gain access .
 Easy to put together , holds what I wanted it to -LRB- fold up chairs , BBQ utensils , etc -RRB- . Has stood up well to a few months of wind and rain .
 I wanted a good sized box for the patio and by the pool to store cushions and pool stuff . Shipping was free and arrived sooner than expected . Assembly was simple . Under really bad weather conditions -LRB- lots of rain and wind -RRB- some water can make into the box but usually they stay dry .
 Perfect box ... great size and looks nice . Using it to store pool items like hoses , vacuum , etc. . Looks very nice in my backyard and really seems to hold a lot ! Would definitely buy again !
 After taking all of the parts out of the box , we tried to put the box together . It was n't sturdy and easily fell apart . We started over , with the directions . You must read the directions to properly snap the pieces together . Also , make sure the bottom is placed correctly . -LRB- According to the diagram -RRB- My husband used needle nose pliers to remove the plastic tabs . After assembling correctly , we found the item was adequate . All of the items in the box have remained dry . We are pleased with the price and the durability of this product .
 The description of the deck box was very accurate . Just what was needed for storage on our carport . Good product .
 This deck box is excellent . It was a little larger than I expected but that works well for me . It 's hard to get a visual when ordering online . It was easy to put together , my 4 year old helped and we had it finished in 30 minutes.Items inside stay dry which is a plus . I expected some rain would get through but so far every thing has stayed completely dry , even when I run the sprinklers . The extra seat is great too for when company comes over and we want to sit outside.I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a good , yet inexpensive , storage container .
 Easy to assemble . Strong enough to sit on . I am hopeful that the non-continuous seal between lid and base will exclude moisture from dew and mist when rains arrive .
 This was absolutely wonderful ... using it on my deck and it adds seating as well . Very sturdy , very easy to put together , and very attractive . Holds all `` outdoor '' stuff
 We really needed a place to store summer outdoor items for the winter , like flower pots , bench cushion , porch railing pot hangers , watering can , chimes , etc. . We have had a large Rubbermaid storage shed for over a year and have been so pleased with how it functions for larger items , like garden tools , folding chairs , etc. , that we chose this product over other brands . In comparing this deck box with others its size , this one has a lid which doubles as a seat . It also has a place to attach a lock , if you feel the need . It was so easy to assemble , even though the directions were minimal . It appears to fit together well enough at the seams to keep out rain , snow and furry creatures ! This box seems to be large enough to hold a lot of stuff ... -LRB- we are not quite done filling it up ! -RRB- ... but , living in an apartment and having no basement , we are so happy to have the space to store a lot of outdoor items out of the winter weather !
 This product arrived promptly . It was exactly as described . It is perfect for holding our chair cushions and some other deck items . It blends into the background and looks attractive . Just what I was looking for !
 I could not be more pleased with this box . Those that said it was difficult to put together are all wet and clearly did not read the instruction or look at the picture . If you do either it is pretty obvious what to do . Speaking of being all wet , the main reason I bought this was to store chair cushions out on the deck and keep them dry . It is great for this and everything inside is kept bone dry . Sturdy built , easy to assemble , keeps things dry and has much more room then I thought . What is not to love ?
 I purchased this Rubbermaid deck box based on previous experience with outdoor Rubbermaid products . I previously had a shed that survived a small twister/tornado . It came apart all in pieces , but it snapped back together again like new . This box was easy to put together -LRB- with the help of my 6 yr-old daughter :-RRB- -RRB- . It 's very sturdy , and does not fall apart when opening lid -LRB- if put together correctly -RRB- . I have had a very strong wind open the lid , but that was remedied by a large clip through the lock hole . This box replaced a flimsy Keter box -- which got severely damaged from hail . There were holes all the way through the lid and sides in several places ! I strongly believe this Rubbermaid box would survive such a hail storm w/o any damage .
 This Rubbermaid deck box is lightweight plastic . It comes with a hole on the lid to attach a padlock.Assembly was easy . I did n't like having to punch out the tabs with a hammer and flathead screwdriver , but it was n't tremendously difficult . The pieces snapped in like they should . I had to have my husband help me with a few of the screws , because the plastic had indentations for the screws but no holes.I 'd have liked this deck box to be a little bigger -LRB- my fault for not measuring -RRB- . The back and seat cushions for my four chairs did not all fit . In fact , I could only get the back cushions in.It 's a sturdy box . I 'm not sure if it leaks . If it survives the next rain , I 'll try remember to come back to update . ______________________ UPDATE 11/29/12
 I purchased this deck box with the intention on putting all of my flowers pots , hose , and other gardening equipment inside for the winter months ahead . I was n't disappointed -- it held everything I used outside and I still had room for little odds and ends that I found in my garage that would be more at home with the planting gear . It was very easy to put together and took me about 15 minutes . It looks great on my deck and is actually very comfortable to sit on too . I would definitely buy this again .
 Just the right size for my deck furniture pillows ; I decided to caulk it on the inside to make it rain proof ; looked like water might get in when we experience hard driving rains . Generally a good buy
 Light weight , snaps together , easily . We were not happy with the openings around the seams so we caulked them with silicone -LRB- clear -RRB- It is now tight and totally waterproof / bug proof -LRB- at least for the last two weeks -RRB- .
 Roomy enough for storage of outdoor toys like baseball bats & soccer balls , this deck box has kept everything dry through some very hard rains . The lid does not stand open consistently , you have to hold it so it does n't land on your head -LRB- especially for little kids -RRB- . Easy to assemble , although I did need a chisel and hammer to punch out the plastic pieces at the joints , and that part was LOUD .
 Good box for the price , we also have the X-lg box . I think they could have put a little more material in it , it goes soft in the desert sun and the hinges on the top and back are flimsey as in the other one where i had to get a new top in 1 1/2 years because it wore outBest price was on Amazon and with the free shipping you cant beat it as well as Rubbermaids customer service , 2 good companies with 1 purchase
 This fits all 4 of my chair cushions folded with room for a bucket of gardening tools . Was not as hard to put together as some reviews . I think I will caulk the inside to completely waterproof it .
 My first look at this product one out of the box gave me a horrible first impression . My husband had tried to surprise me by putting it together and as I walked up to it , it caved in on itself . I went over to it , noticed the bottom was upside-down , and the notches for the sides were not even punched in to provide a secure fit . So , once I `` fixed '' it and everything was together properly , which only took about three minutes , it was very sturdy . I kicked it , moved it around , sat on it , and it would n't even give a sign of falling apart . Even after a few rain storms , everything in it is dry and protected . Good product for the price and purpose .
 For some reason , I did n't realize the size of this box , which is enormous . Fine ... . I 've used the space . It was easy to assemble , and BTW ... . Rubbermaid suggests you use a wood block to reach the hinges with a hammer . Never mind . If you use a modeler 's hammer -LRB- e.g. Xacto , easily bought at any craft store -RRB- it will fit in the hinge space . Once the pin is alligned it does n't take much force to seat it , so a wee hammer is perfect . I 'm a 76 year - old woman and had no problem . No , it wo n't do as a toy box ... . toddlers would fall in and it 's very deep . But put it on its side and prop the lid up with two sticks and a toddler could camp in it !
 I ordered this deck box because it has the lockable latch since I plan on storing Earthquake Preparedness equipment . I was a little concerned after reading other reviews regarding how difficult it was to assemble but the assembly turned out to be very easy . After it was all put together I rocked it back and forth and it did have some wiggle room . It does concern me but time will tell if the looseness will be a problem .
 Just purchased and started using , but seems like an excellent product for intended use . When assembled according to instructions , it is very sturdy . Holds six outdoor dining chair cushions with just a bit of room to spare .
 Great value in a deck box . Seen same priced elsewhere for much more than what Amazon offered . The lid hinge was little tricky to get in place - need two people - one to tap it in and the other to stabilize the box . Other than that , it was easy to put together . Same type of plastic construction as kids plastic play sets . My backyard looks tidy now that the kids have a place to put all their outdoor gear !
 We use this out on the deck to store hot tub items as well as patio furniture covers and it works great . Living in the Seattle area we tend to get a bit of rain and it keeps everything dry as can be . Great product !
 I had previously reviewed this product with one-start for falling apart all the time . After contacting the company , I was advised to turn the floor of the container over . I did . It solved the problem . The parts fit together much more securely . So give this a shot .
 The construction is a bit unorthodox as there are no screws that hold it together but once it is together , I was able to pick it up and move it without any issues . When putting on the side pieces I noticed that there are two pins that need to go into holes of the front and back panels . You can force the box together without making sure the pins go into the holes which would probably make for a sloppy fit . I imagine that is what happened with the people who 's box fell apart.Overall , this is a great box and they have accessories for it also . I am using it to hold hot tub and grill supplies .
 I just got my Rubbermaid deck box today.It was fairly simple to put together , but I did have to look at the instructions -LRB- on the side of the box -RRB- to figure out the little strap/screw arrangement.The only problem I had was that my hammer did n't fit in the space to hit the hinge pegs into the lid . So I hit it with the side of a wrench . Problem solved.I 'll report back after a rain storm to see if it 's watertight , but I 've had the Rubbermaid slide-lid storage shed for years -LRB- keeps lawn mower , gardening stuff , bikes -RRB- and it has been wonderful ! The inside does n't get wet in rain . So I am fairly confident that the deck box , similar in construction , will be fine.7-12-09 -- UpdateWe had a huge rainstorm last night . Today I checked inside the deck box . Chair pads -- dry . Charcoal -- dry . Misc stuff -- dry.This box works for me ! 3-4-10 -- UpdateLove this thing . We 've had rain and snow , and everything inside is DRY -- even the roll of paper towels !
 Thanks to Theadore for posting that advice !!!! Our crate was falling apart and it would n't snap in . Could n't figure out what was wrong ... got on and read the reviews ... . was very disappointed in all the reviews about their crate falling apart . . then I read Theadore 's review ... . and voila ! It snapped together and works great !
 It 's just what it says - a very sturdy outdoor box with a roomy interior and a seat strong enough to hold 2 big adults .
 My intended use of this storage box was to hold chair cushions and bird seed out on my patio . The item arrived in a very timely manner and was incredibly easy to put together . It took a total of 15 minutes from opening the box to completion.After having read several others reviews I was a bit wary of the waterproof abilities of the box . Now , after several hard and windy rain storms I can say that everything in the box stayed perfectly dry . I did purchase a clip to hold the lid down so that wind and squirrels would not allow it to be raised.There is sufficient room in the box to hold the four 3 '' seat cushions , two containers of bird seed , a little fire pot , and a few other small items . The box is quite sturdy and the pieces fit together snuggly . I would certainly recommend this item .
 This item is exactly what I was looking for to store baseball equipment for a couple of coaches . It worked out so great I bought -LRB- 3 -RRB- three more . Thanks Rubbermaid .
 This deck box is top quality . It seals tight and stays dry . Easy assembly accept a little challenge getting the lid on . The extra large Rubbermaid Deck Box is great too . I have 3 of those .
 I was pleasantly surprised by this box . It was easy to put together , very spacious , and it keeps things dry .
 The storage unit is spacious and easy to use . It needed some caulking to prevent water from getting inside . Iwould still order another .
 You Ca n't beat it for the price and I came in lightning speed ! I was super easy to put together !
 This thing is simply amazing . It basically all snaps together and you have this great little weatherproof storage box . Putting it together could n't be more easy . And as an added bonus it also makes a really great seat!Don ' t pay any attention to the people talking about it falling apart . They 've put it together wrong . In most cases , if you 're having this problem just flip the base over and you 'll be fine . If you follow the directions it really is strong and is not going to fall apart .
 there is a few gaps in joints but does the job ok , simple to assemble and looks like it will last .
 I put this Box together in about 20 minutes . It is very sturdy and the cover lines up so you can use a lock . I live in New England and it stands up to our weather very well . I would recommend it .
 I bought a different brand locally and had to return it after setting it up . This is far superior to the other brand . I expect this to hold up for many years .
 It 's just what I wanted , I did buy one but returned it , it was too flimsy , did n't think it would hold up thru the winter
 Not sure what the negatives are about here but I do n't see any . This Deck Box is just the right size . Easy to put together . Tight build and well made . Seats are strong and lot 's of room for stuff . I ca n't see a gust of wind blowing this apart - Oh OK - maybe a Category 3 . And you ca n't beat -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks for this . Good deal !!
 This was so easy to assemble - took less than 30 minutes - bought to store deck furniture cushions - everything fits in it - it does n't leak - it fits perfectly in the spot I had measured - it looks great - it provides additional seating if needed - this is exactly what I wanted -
 This is a great storage chest , but I would prefer more water-resistance . Assembly was very simple , all the pieces simply snap together -LRB- except the lid which uses some supplied hardware -RRB- Very large on the inside -LRB- I can fit 5 bags of charcoal with plenty of room on the side for cooking tools -RRB- Water could likely run in through the vertical seams along the corners however it does seem otherwise weather resistant.I keep the charcoal in a separate container inside to prevent water from getting on the bags .
 Makes ten gallons . Seems to be the most lethal and effective pesticide I 've ever used . I actually treated a massive stump infested with termites with this and they disappeared ... at least for now . Best for a home barrier .
 I have been using this product for at least 5 years now . I mix stronger than directions and spray all around foundation and eves . I do not use indoors or near garden . I live in a very rural area where black widows and many other evil spiders call home . I never see them anywhere I treat . I even treat our sheds and never find them in any outbuildings either . When I do find them , they are already in heaven . I have no issues with ants either although I do use bait on ant mounds I find near the home .
 I live near a swamp in Jersey so I cant be outside for more than a minute without getting bitten by bugs . I have tried 2 other backyard sprays with different chemicals and they lasted a handful of days . This stuff however works great . It reduces the mosquite population to nearly none , though there still are some stragglers . I do need to spray this once a week though as I can see it begin to lose its potency after 5-6 days , especially if there are heavy rains during that time . But I noticed the differece where I sprayed this in the backyard and the front doorway . I used to have to sprint to my car every morning through a cloud of mosquitos , feeling them bounce off of my face as I run , lest I get bitten . I actually got a mosquito in the eye 3 weeks ago and that was the last straw . Well now my yard is visibly less crowded with flying insects and I havent gotten a single bite since I began spraying this stuff . I do notice however that when I am taking the garbage to the curb , the bugs come at with a vengence , but in my yard , where I sprayed this stuff , they are almost not there at all.I only have maybe 1/10th of an acre to spray , and after 3 sprays I still have more than half a bottle left , so this will definately hold me off until winter . I will definintely be buying another 3-4 of these bottles some time before next spring . This seems to be the only spray that lasts more than 2 days when I use it .
 I used a cedar spray for years . I think it was under the trade name `` pet safe '' or something like that and it worked reasonably well . We live in the moutains of vermont in the woods and bugs are a way of life - even at late night when the no-see-ems come through the screens and give you a million bites while you 're watching TV . I have sprayed my yard with this stuff about every 3 weeks and I am finding that it has significantly reduced the bug population . I 've been sure to hose down the grass , shrubs , driveway , under the decks , and into the trees as far as I can reach.It is pretty indescriminate on what it kills - so I have not sprayed my veggie garden or the fruiting shrubs which were in flower . I have seen honey bees again within a day of spraying - bees travel quite a ways to their food source.I am getting ready to spray agin this weekend becuase the horse-flies are now coming out - ouch . It has been wonderful to be able to have the windows open at night -LRB- with screens -RRB- and not have a million no-see-ems come thorugh , that has been really pleasant . It is noticble that when I walk accross the street to my neighbor 's I get bitten alive so it 's definiately doing a wonderful job in my lawn . It 's been ages since I have seen a mosquito . We have a really long hose so I try to cover about an acre with one sprayer moving quickly around the property.I does not smell so great - kind of chemically - it fades in about 4 hours .
 This is the best stuff . I just ordered another 6 bottles . It tames Houston mosquitoes . They are really vicious this year . I do n't think the city is spraying as much .
 I have a severe problem w / knats in Northern Va. . They `` attack '' me if I spend any time in the yard . To complicate things , I 'm allergic to them -LRB- my face swelled up when one flew in my eye the other day -RRB- . It 's non-toxic to animals , too .
 We use this when nothing else seemed to do the trick ... and lilke to keep it on hand , when we used the granules the chickens would get into them and posion themself . so thisgel works alot better for us !
 I do n't know if it works , will have to wait until Spring . It seems fairly easy & straight forward to use . Should apply very easily down in ground holes .
 I was surprised by the size and quality of this rain chain - the tulip cups are large and formed from heavy gauge , solid copper . This 8 ft chain is comprised of many tulip cups joined not by chain in between but a single flexible copper hanger which makes it easy to add or subtract cups to adjust the length . The cups are large enough to easily accommodate and average rainfall . All in all , very satisfied with this purchase .
 This copper rain chain is even better then I thought it would be ... beautiful , -LRB- very large ! -RRB- and well made . Cant wait for some actual rain , I have no doubt it will be lovely !
 i finally got to see my rain chains in action -LRB- only once since we are having a drought -RRB- but they were beautiful ...
 These are fun to watch when it rains and look a lot better than downspouts at all times .
 I bought this tulip rain chain for my wife three years ago and she just loves it . I remembered when we received the rain chain how nice it looked and the heavy gauge copper was outstanding . We keep it up all year even through our heavy Michigan winters . It looks just as good as the day we took it out of the shipping box . I would buy another chain if I had a place to put it . Excellent product and I ca n't stress that enough . There is a lot of splashing during heavy rains , which we do n't mind , just place some rocks at the base to prevent water erosion .
 I added these on new gutters I had installed.Finally got a big rain here in Houston , and they work great . More splashing than with a regular enclosed downspout , but they work well , and look great . Once the rain dropped down to `` normal '' , no splashing , and they make a wonderful sound when you 're looking at them.The length was plenty , I even had to take the bottom tulip off my 8 ' overhang .
 Quality copper water chain . Works well and is attractive . I own 3 and love them . Highly recommended .
 Good product . Very well designed and works as intended . Very easy to install with properoptions added such as the end gutter unit with plastic hole and the optional catch-all -LRB- first -RRB- element at top . Attaches very easily with two drilled holes in the plastic unit at top . The last option , copper dish plate , used at the bottom is not as useful as designed ; as it does n't stay upright when attached . I rigged it to remain perpendicular to the rain chain butcustomized it with two added 1/4 inch diameter copper rods for balance . A better option is to adda synthetic resin rain barrel at the bottom to catch and hold rain water . I bought two of these unitsfrom Gardener 's Supply -LRB- best designs and price -RRB- and they work great .
 We really love the rain chain . It has begun to patina and give it a classic look . Since it 's near the front door we get a lot of positive comments and a chance to talk about it .
 absolutely fantastic , It was a gift and she loved it . Very hight quality and it was everything I expected and more ,
 We really love the rain chain . Attached to a rain barrel outside our backyard office window , this is much nicer to look at than an ugly gutter . Soothing tinkling rain sound too !
 This is much better quality than I expected and it arrived much faster than expected as well . I wo n't go into details on how lovely it is since others who gave 5 stars are spot on ! Considering buying a second !
 As I write this it is raining outside and the slight sound of the water flowing is calming . I love them . They were longer than I needed , but it was not hard to shorten it . Great gift idea for anyone who loves the rain . Oh , I put a rain deterrer on the roof to channel the rain to it so it could flow into my flower garden .
 This item surprise me , I do expetec this quality and fine termination.For me is beautiful and very good for my garden and for the rain I recommendedwith close eyes.thanks
 Not only did this product arrive quickly , but it was more useful and worked far more efficiently than I expected ! It maybe have even been too powerful for our little kidney-shaped 4 x 2 x 3 pond . The bio-balls inside the device are odd , but they seem to work well and filtered out the over-winter algae quickly . Plus , we used the diverter to recirculate the water in the pond while also using the spout-like extension for a pretty effect . My Koi are swimming about happily - more so than with another higher-priced filter we purchased a few years ago .
 I am so happy with my Beckett Pond Filter . I have a good size pond in our yard and this has helped with having to clean it so often . It works really well and would order another one when this one does n't work .
 I purchased this Filter on June 10 , 2011 worked real well in my small pond , about a month and a half later I noticed a oily residue floating on my pond , and also inside the filter box . I immediately took it out of the pond as I was affraid it may harm my 3 fish . I contacted the Beckett Corp. by email and told them what had happend they said their pumps had no oil in them , but would send me a replacement . While I was waiting for the replacement pump I used an old pump I had , tried to skim oil off water surface and cleand the filter box , bio balls , and filter media . The replacement pump came quickly and with no charge to me . I am very happy with the customer service and the product , but the oily residue came from somewhere , just wish I could of gotten that mystery solved .
 The product arrived in a short time , and was very easy to put together . At first it was shooting too high up , so I had to refill my fountain every day . Then I cut the tube to make it shorter . Now it looks great and stays filled longer !
 It took me a while to get my filter installed but now it is in and working great . Glad I bought it .
 Great !! everything works . . more then what I was expecting ... great to deal with and will purchase from them again in the futurethank you .
 I been running it for a few days now really seems to work in my little pond . . I have n't put fish in it yet . I wanted to let it sit for a few days before I did that ... I like that it has the different fountain options and that you can turn them off to if you want .
 I really like this filter box - it seems to keep out all the debris that somehow was able to infiltrate my previous filter system . That means I do n't have to clean the pump as often and the water stays clear.I 'm going to buy one for my dad for Father 's Day .
 The pump came promptly and in perfect condition and works like a champ ! I am very pleased with the pump and the seller .
 I looked everywhere for a reasonably priced pump and filter combo that would be easy to operate and clean . Beckett stood out . It installed easily , works great and looks fantastic!If you 're new to the pond scene , Beckett is your answer for price and durability . Their policy is one of the best in the business.Now I ca n't wait to introduce fish , turtles and frogs !!
 The pump kit worked flawlessly and was easy to install . I finally have my ole sprayer back , just like new and what-do-ya-know , I should have been oiling the pump .
 The seal kit was exactly what I was looking for . Instructions were easy to follow and everything worked as advertised . I recommend this product for the do it your selfer in the family .
 The ideal range for pH in swimming pool water should be from 7.0 - 7.6 . Such a level should prevent burning eye sensation and itchy skin . The pH of our eyes is 7.2 to 7.4 and , the closer the pool water is to that level , the more comfortable we feel while in the pool . In addition to that , low pH levels would increase the chlorine consumption and corrode metal parts faster.I had to use the pH Plus on our pool right after opening it because 5 months of it being covered and receiving nothing but -LRB- acid -RRB- rain tends to reduce the pH level drastically . On our 20-25 ,000 gal . pool , I had to use 2 5-lbs . containers to raise the pH to a level from where natural factors
 I have n't tried it in a heavily infested area , but it 's perfect for cigarette breaks on my balcony . Effective , unobtrusive , batteries last a long time .
 I get more bug bites than anyone I 've ever known , and when I used this , I did n't get touched ! I love it !
 We used the wine carier for the first time and it worked great . We are very satisfied with the material used to make it and it protects the wine bottles very well.Everything you need is right there . No problems what so ever .
 I beg to differ with Sam 's review . I had a similar ultrasonic device from a different manufacturer and it worked great . I have no experience with the Sunbeam product , but I can tell you that after plugging ours in , we were rodent and bug free for 2 years . We previously had a problem with mice and black widow spiders , among other things . The unit recently burned out , and we are now overrun with mice and spiders again . We have n't been able to find one locally , but I am definitely ordering one on-line immediately to solve the problem .
 I 've had 3 of these for about 10 years ... the same ones . I put one in the garage , one in the kitchen , and one in my dining area . I would n't be without them . They do n't work on spiders , as some have already mentioned , but I have precious few spiders because I do n't have any bugs for them to eat . If I have seen a bug , it 's usually already in the throes of death anyway . But again , seeing one is rare.I do n't think this is a good product for an ant problem . There 's something called Tetra that worked like a charm for me and I put Bounce sheets in my cabinet , plus put all my gritty stuff , like sugar , etc. in ziploc bags . I had to ditch fresh fruit lying around but just long enough for the ants to clear out . Ants can be a pain if you let them get out of control , but if you see an army of them in a single line , that 's a pretty good bet they 'll lead you right to the problem and you can remove it.Oh , and do n't put anything in front of this little plug-in unit , or you 'll block whatever it emits that bugs do n't like.I set off a fogger in the garage every few months but just as a preventative measure . I think it takes a variety of methods to control bugs , but this little gadget is a definite plus .
 We got this several years ago to deal with an ant problem , and we were overrun . Within 2 days , we had no more problems -- it worked awesome . I do n't know about stinkbugs , spiders , or bigger bugs , but ants disappeared . Just recommended it to my folks , too .
 We had at least 2 families of birds living in the siding of my house between the siding and the bedroom . NEighbors suggested waiting until the babies hatched -LRB- this was april -RRB- all that happened was more birds and bigger nest and mess . I plugged in 2 of these in outlets adjacent to the nest and within a couple of weeks they were gone!My husband removed the siding and the nest was over 6 feet long . The birds had left . Before you 'd see them flying in and out all day.This is a very humane way to get rid of pests .
 Ever since I plugged it in , even little ants do n't fool with it . I did n't think it would work at all , but wow .
 I have used Sunbeam electronic mosquito repeller since 2005 . This newer model is bigger , using AA battery instead of AAA . I guess it will yield longer service time.To be fair , the product is an extra production , not a sole defense against mosquito bite . I was bitten when I went out at 7:00 PM with swarm of mosquitos around before the rain , and my sweat invited the bugs , too . When I exercise some common senses in conjunction with this product , I was seldom bitten . Mosquitos get nervous when they are in the same space with this product . They fly around you but not bother to attack.The regions I have applied this product are east coast USA and southern Taiwan . I am happy with it.The only thing I do n't like about this product is , the clumsy on-off switch . The other issue to mention is , based on it 's low price , the quality is not very persistent . You could easily break it if you are a rough type of person , and of course , it is made in China ...
 It works well ! Battery lasts a long time . Have to look to see if On position lines up with indicator . Some noise but not objectionable . Works with other flying pests .
 Simple chemical free mosquito repelling . Wow . Turn it on , clip it on and go about your business bite free . One concern though - these things are extremely sensitive . Do n't drop they , even on carpet , and do n't let them bang against anything even kind of hard . If they do - bye bye repeller . I 've lost two on the first day I had them . Good news - they are cheap enough and work well enough I will keep getting them .
 My friend 's mom is highly allergic to mosquito bites and has three in her posession at all times with extra batteries . I knew I needed these for my trip to Puerto Rico where mosquitoes carry dengue fever . I was very pleased with the envelope , the very small envelope they arrived in , and not a huge box .
 Hmm ... at the risk of destroying my credibility reviewing stuff , I am going to state the following -- since I have used ultrasonic mosquito repellers like these Sunbeams on my nightstand , I have NEVER received a SINGLE mosquito bite . Now granted I live in New York City , where mosquitoes are not the problem they might be in a swamp or forest , say . I will confirm as well that these Sunbeams have tricky on-off switches ; it is easy to accidentally unscrew the battery lid when you 're trying to turn the unit on or off . Other reviewers may have encountered a problem with oxide buildup on the switch or battery contacts that prevents stable operation . In other words , you may occasionally have to clean or adjust the contacts if the ultrasonic output gets shaky . Yes , I can hear when the unit is working -- it gives off a faint , high-pitched squeal like a mosquito . On the positive side , these Sunbeams run on one AA battery , and I use a NiMH rechargeable , which gives more than a week of nightly use on one charge . So in my experience , these repellers DO work on your nightstand ; perhaps they are not as effective when you 're on the move . As to the `` scientific studies '' that ultrasonic repellers do n't work at all , I do n't trust very much `` science '' I hear in these Bushist times -- especially if the research is funded by a chemical company -- but I do stand by my own experience . And no , I do n't work for Sunbeam ! -LRB- They probably would have laid me off years ago any way , before I hit fifty ... -RRB-
 I used this out on the golf course and it was wonderful . No Mosquitos .
 My son is allergic to bug spray -LRB- and lots of other topical things -RRB- . We tried these at a local gathering -LRB- the american cancer society walk for life -RRB- . everyone else was complaining of mosquito bites . My son and I were NOT ! I had one bite on my ankle , with the repeller clipped to my shirt collar . I will never spray those chemicals on me or my children again !!
 I have had one of the AA battery type for more than 10 years . I have used it several times in Haiti while on mission trips . The mosquitos in Haiti are big enough to file a flight plan . I have had great success with this device keeping the mosquitos at bay . While other missionaries on trips with me were being bit all over , I received no or almost no bites.As to the quality of the device ... . as I said , I have had mine for more than 10 years and it has been on several trips with me . It is still working . The only problem I have ever had with the on/off switch is that it has no lock on it so it is easy to turn it off without meaning too.I have hearing problems but can still hear the high pitch humming if I get it close to my ear , so it is easy to know if it is working or not .
 I found one of the genuinely efficient and Eco friendly mosquito repellers on the market.The most pleasant walk in the park , or sitting lakeside at sunset , can become a bad dream when you are bitten by bugs . Inevitably , you are driven from the area by hungry mosquitoes . If you do not want to become a delicacy for these starving little beasts , then you would have to cover up yourself with some potentially deadly chemical , -LRB- lethal to the bug -RRB- , which may , or may not be , in the long run , lethal to you . Your other alternative is to seek shelter.This electronic repeller will let you to enjoy outside behavior at nightfall or at early morning , without the discomfort of mosquito bites.You should take the posture of , `` shock and awe , '' when placing these mosquito repellers around you , configured , so that you are in the center , and at least three Sunbeam Tabletop Mosquito Repellers , are at arm 's distance . This will form an area through which bugs can not penetrate . It is a highly effective strategy.Take pleasure in Nature !
 At first I was doubtful but after trying it out on a warm summer evening the hordes of mosquitos which had so often driven me inside were unable to get to me . Only the odd single bothered me and not even those as long as I paid heed to wind direction to ensure best placement of the repeller .
 I purchased the ceramic inserts as a replacement for the same product after approximately five years . I am thoroughly satisfied with these ceramic inserts and highly recommend them .
 purchased 3 to prevent roaches from coming into the house . i noticed that the repeller seems to disorient them and they turn upside down and eventually die . i am buying more because i noticed roaches upstairs where i do not have these repellers . strongly recommend getting these for roaches . i dont have a rat problem but not sure if its because of these repellers .
 We have a bat problem right above our front door and this product definitely keeps them away . The sound is barely audible to people . It is mostly out of view since we have it sitting on top of a light fixture near the front door .
 LOVE this - wish they still made it . I bought all I could find off of ebay !
 Just give it a whirl ! This Detroit Tigers Baseball Towel is sure to please with its colorful team graphics.If you are a Detroit Tigers fan join the crowd and rally the team on with this towel . Show your team spirit and do The Tiger Rag ! It 's part of the game . It will also come in handy for wipe ups after enjoying hotdogs , a cold soda and popcorn . Be ready to roar for next season 's games . ~ The Boss
 I think they work ! I have not seen a scorpion since I purchased them . They do make some noise , there is a clicking noise every time the light blinks . Background noise does block it out .
 This past weekend , I stayed at a ` camp ' in the Adirondacks . I was there last year and made the mistake of keeping some sunflower seeds in my cabin , which had both power and a bathroom , so it was n't exactly primitive . Last year , in the middle of the night , I awoke to rummaging sounds in the seed bag , switched on the light and watched a mouse going to town in the bag . I secured the bag and eventually , the mouse went away.This year , I was smarter . I took no food to the room . However , the second night I was there , a mouse started in about 2:00 AM , waking both me and my wife . I fired up my iPad and read , while the mouse ran his version of the Olympics back and forth over the rafters , dresser , and walls above the bed . Maddening , but nothing to do . I considered shooting it with pepper spray and beating it to death with a broom , but reconsidered when I remembered that my wife would witness this and return the favor by beating me to death with a broom . We exchanged a few comments to that effect , since the mouse was keeping her completely awake , too.After about an hour and a half , I recalled there was a Sunbeam pest chaser on a table in the room , unplugged . I have low confidence in these things , since I was hired a long time ago to design one for Radio Systems Corp. -LRB- Radio Fence -RRB- and did a lot of research into the technology . I knew that most pests acclimate to them , so I never considered it to be an option for dealing with this particular problem . However , I was needing sleep by 4:00 AM and thought , `` What the hell ? I 'll give it a try . '' Within seconds of plugging it in , the mouse abandoned ship and no more was heard . We overslept until 8:30 . These things may work to some degree and in some circumstances . Animals DO get acclimated to them , but they have a limited range of utility . Do n't expect them to rid your abode of all things forever . Wo n't happen . But it might do some good if you cycle it from time to time with certain pests . Certainly seemed to rid my room of a mouse in short order , but technically , that could be coincidence . In this case , I suspect not . It was certainly contemporaneous , if not causal.Verdict
 I am now finding dead bugs all over my house ! Which , in MY opinion , is much better than live ones !!! I have n't seen any alive now since I have had these pest repellants . I hope they keep selling them so I can keeps the insects out !!! Or at least dead !
 I bought this fountain to encourage my canary to start singing again . It worked . It has a nice tinkling sound and is worth the price . Looks nice too . Target was in charge of the delivery and that was very satisfactory.I did n't give it five stars because the quality is so so but the bird has n't complained.Shana Tabletop Fountain
 The price is right and I was able to make this product work well . Having a new pulley installed on the top is great . It would be a real bear to try and get the old pulley off of a rotating spindle.A couple of things you should know
 This is the correct spindle assembly for my 95 MTD yardmachine with 18.5 hp engine and 46 '' cutting deck . I recommend this product if you need to replace your spindle assembly or both of them . You will not find a better price . In the package you get the spindle assembly with the pulley attached * bonus ! * . You also get a 16.2 '' mowing blade * bonus * If you are replacing the right or center spindles , this is the correct product , however , you will need to purchase a 14.88 '' blade -LRB- oregon 98-056 -RRB- for your center blade because the 16.2 that it comes with is too long -LRB- or use the one you have -RRB- . You will also need to purchase the self setting screws to mount this to the deck unless you can save the ones you took off of your old spindles . In my case , they broke when I was taking them off . Save your Blade bolts and washers too so you can use them on your new spindles . Happy mowing ! Here is a link to the screws you will need to mount this to the deck ... http://www.amazon.com/16-18-Grade-Coarse-Flange-pieces/dp/B003PKHV0E/ref=sr_1_3?s=industrial&ie=UTF8&qid=1338591739&sr=1-3
 Theproduct and the service is unbelievable . ordered twice from them and i am shocked how accurate and fast . The product is excellent
 I 've used this product in vegetable garden for 10 years with great success . For mole favorites like peas along a fence , they 're the difference between a total loss and no problem . They really have about a 10 foot effective radius and must be spaced appropriately . I have several , and 80 % of them have functioned for years -LRB- minimal breakdown -RRB- . Batteries last easily a full season . I 've also tried the solar powered and find that most of them fail within a year -LRB- nice concept though , and maybe the bugs will be worked out -RRB- .
 I agree with others . The product works pretty well but they do n't last . We had one stop working early on that was replaced . Since then we have been using four mole movers around our property which do seem to keep the moles/voles away . We remove them during the winter . I just put them back in the ground last week . All four started working then two of them quit . I 've actually taken the two bad ones apart . You have to drill out the bottom plastic piece then push out the circuit . From the little testing I 've done so far , my best guess so far is that the little buzzer on the circuit board is the part that fails over time . If I can locate replacement buzzers , I will try to fix the units . The buzzer is a Kingstate KSG8406 which is made in Taiwan . I 've found the manufacturers website , but no retail source . If you can keep the units from crapping out , they will probably work for you .
 I am happy with the results of the molemover . These are just more of what I purchased a few years ago and they seem to work just fine in getting moles out of the yard . I shall keep using them as long as they work .
 We are all skeptical when we see something like this . Just like it claims , the gophers were all gone after several weeks . It makes a very , very small sound every minute , but you do not notice it unless you are specifically listening for it . It does have a limited range . I notice gophers are back , about 20 feet from the first unit . I am going to order more to cover the rest of the yard .
 Molemover works really well . Have sandy soil so it is important to wet soil and pack in tight to work best . I had active moles in area and noticed no new mounds after two days . This is second one I have purchased and I reccommend it .
 I have purchased just about everything on the market to rid moles from my yard , then i tried another brand of solar powered mole chasers which worked quiet well for about three years . Then tried to find the same brand again and found Exhart MoleMover for about half the price of the other brand . I am very happy with the results -LRB- to say nothing of the savings -RRB- of your product . THANKS
 I bought two of these Molemovers when we moved into a home that had a serious front yard mole problem . We have used them for a full year now and guess what - the moles are gone!Our neighbor on one side also uses them and between our two houses , the moles have left for more welcoming yards.This is a safe , humane way to rid your yard of moles . -- NOTE
 I purchased the Exhart Gopher-It about one year ago . I must say I was dubious about the potential effectiveness of this technique of sonically repelling small animals . I followed the directions about placement and after about a month we noticed that we no longer have gopher tunnels in our organic vegetable garden of about 1200 sf . Because we are in a tiered garden arrangement we bought two Gopher-It 's per 50 ' long tier , one for each end . This arrangement proved effective as long as I relocated the location about five feet every couple of months . Alkaline battery life is good , lasting about 7-9 months in moderate -LRB- never freezing -RRB- temperatures . I would recommend this product to a friend and I 'm planning on buying some more to get rid of the gophers that have overrun our lawn area ; -RRB-
 I bought a single MoleMover -LRB- I have a pretty small yard -RRB- three months ago because I was so sick and tired of my lawn looking like a warzone due to all the stupid critters . Before we got the MoleMover , we would find 4-5 new foot high mounds per week . As soon as I placed the MoleMover they stopped and I have n't seen a hill since.My only complaint is that it is pretty easy to accidently bump into the unit and unscrew the top just enough to turn it off but it is easy to hear it if you put your ear near it and check to see its on . As far as the complaints of poor construction , I do n't know as I 've only had mine such a short time . But I do know that even if it breaks at 6 or 12 months , it was still totally worth it for me . I have second one in the mail just to ensure full coverage of my yard.I totally recommend this product !
 I 've used this product in vegetable garden for 10 years with great success . For mole favorites like peas along a fence , they 're the difference between a total loss and no problem . They really have about a 10 foot effective radius and must be spaced appropriately . I have several , and 80 % of them have functioned for years -LRB- minimal breakdown -RRB- . Batteries last easily a full season . I 've also tried the solar powered and find that most of them fail within a year -LRB- nice concept though , and maybe the bugs will be worked out -RRB- .
 It works great . Our backyard had been getting tore up by what I think were voles for months on end . The excavation work stopped right after we put the mole mover in the backyard lawn and only returned recently when apparently the batteries gave out.So now we have replaced the batteries in our original mole mover and I 'm ordering a second one to keep in the yard as a backup , plus marking on the calendar to check the batteries every few months.Our backyard has a relatively small lawn area so perhaps for the people the mole mover did n't work is that they may not have had enough movers in place to cover their lawn size .
 I had mole problems for years and tried most of the home remmedies with no success . I purchased two of these and within 30 days I had no more mole problem . The batteries last for more than a year ! When I planted new sod in a different area of my lot I had moles almost immediately . I purchased two more Gopher-It stakes and no more moles !
 I INSTALLED THE MOLEMOVER AND HAVE NOT HAD ANOTHER MOLE HILL POP UP SINCE . IT IS IN A SIDE YARD AND JUST CHASED THE LITTLE CRITTERS AWAY TO SOMEWHERE I DO NOT CARE ABOUT . I 'M DONE WITH TRYING TO KILL THEM JUST WANT THEM OUT OF MY YARD
 I have two of these and they have performed great . Moles are now gone after only 3 weeks of using my Exhart `` Gopher MoleMovers '' . However , you need to be sure you buy the latest , `` New and Improved 2X Louder '' model as the Specs on mine are better than previous models.Battery life is now shown as up to 18 months.Product warranty is now 5 years.The UPC code on the package is 93335 90065 . As the directions state , the best performance is in hard , dense soil . Also , be SURE you use a stake or other object to first make the hole in the ground , so that this unit fits snuggly . Do not use blunt force to `` drive '' this unit into the soil!BE sure to put unit flush with the gound to avoid damage from lawnmowers!I sealed the threads to the battery compartment with teflon tape to prevent standing water from seeping in and corroding the mechanism . You could also use rubber centent as found at the office supply store.I found this to be a very reliable item .
 I was a little timid about trying this product but it works like a charm . Moles are gone ! Be careful when you install ! You must use a different steak to create a pilot hole for the MoleMover . You can buy this product with confidence .
 I bought this product a year ago , and I have been very pleased with it . In the locations of my yard where I have a mole mover in place I do n't have moles . I also got rid of a ground squirrel that was living under my house , and reduced the mouse population around my chicken coop -LRB- mice and rats like to burrow too -RRB- . My neighbors saw how well mine were working , and decided to get their own . However , since they bought twice as many mole movers for their property as I had this forced the moles back into my yard . That in turn forced me to have to buy more mole movers . I now have six of them for a quarter acre lot , and they are working well . The only problem I can see anyone having with this product is that they only work up to 30 square feet . If you have a large lot like I do that can get expensive at over twenty dollars a mole mover . In closing , I read a review that states that they break down after one year . I have n't had that problem yet , but my oldest one just turned a year old .
 Have used the metal style for 10 years . It 's a great prodduct that really works . Wherever you have activity you simply insert into the ground and the moles go away . We currently are using 3 of them . 1 in the from yard and 2 around our pole barn .
 These devices seem to work just fine when used according to package directions . The product along with batteries -LRB- not included -RRB- is an effective thought pricy deterrent .
 I bought this for a friend who was driven crazy by moles in his yard . I went to Amazon and picked the highest rated thing , and crossed by fingers ! I did not want anything that would be toxic to people or pets -- I just heard this thing worked in his yard , and every day he gives thanks for this ! Apparently it works to keep them 30 feet away from the device which makes a bad-mole noise . Excellent product .
 Arrived on time and consider this as a good value for money . Gives one a humane approach to pest concerns .
 We been using one type or another of these sonic scaring devices for years now and they really do seem to work . Our soil is pretty hard so maybe that 's part of the reason , because the sound from the device transfers pretty well through the soil . I guess the easiest way to put it is when we let the batteries lapse in the device last time we pretty shortly had mole holes or gopher holes or something all over our garden . Within a couple weeks of replacing the device with one of these , the mounds it disappeared . Ever since it 's been running , we have n't seen any more holes.I will say that they do n't seem to make them like they used to . With a different brand from many years back and it lasted for a good four or five years . These things seem to last for a year or two at most . They also seem to let water in and corrode the insides . They are in the path of our sprinkler , and again the one we had a lot of years ago that did n't matter . My wife and I both appreciate the fact that there are n't any poisons that are dogs could get into and that we only have to maintain it with new batteries every now and then . All in all , an indispensable guard aid .
 This MoleMover seems to be working , but I noticed the moles moved to another area so I will need to order another for the 30 foot overlap recommendation . Expensive , but longer term and cheaper alternative to have them professionally dealt with . I like this far better than the poisons and traps as I do not want to be dealing with dead moles and their cleanup .
 My lawns have been attacked by Pocket Gophers -LRB- similar to moles -RRB- for the past couple of years . I have tried gas bombs , poison foods and a myriad of other supposed methods of gopher removal and have met with little or no success . Usually each product has a short lived affect and the critters return again . I saw this item advertised at an affordable price and decided to give it a try . The instructions that come with the device allude to the fact that critter activity may increase initially around the stake , due to curiosity . That it did for about two weeks and then I noticed gopher fans moving away from the MoleMover . The device works but I will need one more or so as it moved them from the front lawn to the back lawn . The MoleMover runs on 3 C batteries for up to 18 months , emits a squeaky sound every 28 seconds , is waterproof , runs the critters off 30 or more feet and wo n't disturb other animals such as family pets , etc. . The MoleMover works as advertised but as stated earlier , you may have to order another one to protect other portions of lawn the critters flee to after activation .
 Ihave installed 3 of these on my front lawn . They work well although the range seems to be less than advertised .
 I inherited one of these when I moved into my new home . There was no sign of mole activity in the area where the device was . Then , either the batteries ran out , or the device itself quit working , and I waited to see what would happen . Well , in two or three weeks I had mole problems . I just ordered two more of them today .
 I 've had a mole problem for a couple years but I 've been able to hold them off temporarily with various castor oil mixes that seep into their food supply . Recently we starting having 2-3 new mounds a day . I was a mad man trying to find ways to slow them down including gassing the holes . On a recent trip to Home Depot , I was searching for yet again another solution as the castor oil mixes stopped working . I saw these stakes and thought `` what a dumb idea . '' I put them down and kept up my search but with us having pets , I needed a safe solution . I looked at them again and thought , `` what the heck , worse case is I try and end up returning it '' , which is what I thought would likely happen . Boy was I wrong ! I placed 2 of these in the ground , which is what is recommended , and for the last 4 weeks I 've not had a single mole . Unbelievable ! They cost more than other solutions but I tell you it was worth it . They take 3 C batteries each which they say will last 18 months . I do n't know if they will work on gophers but for me , it was the perfect mole solution . If you 've had it with moles and are open to an idea that most people would scoff at , give these a try . Worth every penny .
 I bought two of these , and one with the LED light , and should have just bought 3 and eliminated the LED one . I 'm still waiting to see if I get rid of the moles , but I 'm trusting that it will due to previous reviews . I know that they make a humming sound when they work , but once I put them into the ground they stopped . Has anyone had this happen to them ? Does it mean they are not working ?
 Can not vouch for this seller , but bought Eden 's Perfume peony from Hallson Gardens in Michigan . Have had it for about 5 yrs . About doubles in size every yr . and has the most heavenly fragrance . Definitely a keeper . Even my husband loves it . Says if we ever move the peony is going with us LOL . You can see my review of this plant on Dave 's Garden website .
 Nice and cheap but way better then buying a new BBQ . I 'd buy it again .
 This is a great plant . It arrived and it was short and full of leaves and color . After replantig it to a larger pot , this plant has grown faster than I could ever have imagined . I love it and would order many more in the spiderwort family.M . Chardin
 Do you hate the `` fingernails on a blackboard '' sound of a metal leaf rake on the driveway ? Well , it drives me up the wall!The answer is retro
 This is what my wife wanted , and if it keeps me from having to rake the yard , I love it .
 I bought this as a gift for an elderly couple and they really like using it .
 I have used this item a lot so far this winter , and it is definitely the best one I 've come across . When one of my older shovels break , I 'm ordering another one .
 Have not used it yet but definately satisfied for the money . Sturdy construction , fast delivery , good price would recommend for purchase when skeptical having not seen .
 The product seems like a strudy shovel even though we have not had a chance to test it yet .
 I clear several driveways in a very snowy area of Salt Lake City , Utah . Needed a pusher shovel that would conform to the surface and leave no snow behind . Shovels with a metal edge just do n't clean any but the most even surfaces . This shovel really meets my needs ! Excellent blade durability so far -LRB- a couple months of moderate use -RRB- . My only complaint is the blade to handle connection is a little loose and allows the blade to wobblea bit .
 I live in the far Northern tip of New York and having a dependable snow pusher is a must . We 've had several different versions of snow pushers from several different companies and I would have to rank this Garant Grizzly Snow Pusher the best snow pusher I 've ever owned in my 50 + years of shoveling snow . Unlike the metal edge pushers that get hung up on the least little bump or imperfection in the driveway this show pusher is very good at scraping just about any surface . It 's true this snow pusher wo n't last as long as a metal edge snow pusher but it 's much , much easier to use . I 've owned mine for 2 of our winter seasons and it still performs well , I 'm just looking for one to send to my friend in South Carolina who is suddenly having snow issues . I would highly recommend this snow pusher regardless of where you live . It 's a great tool to have for the winter .
 Thanks to a helpful reviewer on another Garant shovel , for those of you having `` loose handle '' troubles , all you have to do is turn the shovel upside down , with the blade in the air , handle facing the floor . Grip the blade with two hands , lift the shovel , and firmly push it toward the floor to snap the handle into place . It must be all the Garant shovels are shipped this way and this tip should be added to the product description . It appears to be a quality product -LRB- made in Canada ! -RRB- and I 'm excited to use it when we get our first snowfall . Definitely lighter than the old wooden handle/steel blade pusher shovel we currently own ! I would not want to use this on heavy , wet snow . I think it 's more for fluffy , sub-30 degree snowfall . Keep up the good work , Garant !
 This shovel is well worth the price . I bought it in March but did not get to use it until this winter . It does an excellent job of clearing snow and cuts a nice wide path . I am going to buy a 2nd one because it is so good !
 This is a beast . With minimal effort , it clears away snow very quickly . My wife enjoys shoveling now . Great value .
 I used this just last week in the midst of a significant snowfall . Now granted , the snow was light and fluffy -LRB- both the air and the surface of the driveway were very cold -RRB- but this allowed for very easy pushing , and I have no doubt that I was able to clear my fairly large driveway about as fast as I would be able to with a snow blower .
 Alot heavier than are being sold in the stores now . Not cheap in price but high in quality . I bought two and am very happy !
 Bought Nordic -LRB- red 26 '' pusher -RRB- several years ago for commercial use . Worked great but wore it out in one season . Replaced with two of these Grizzly Pushers two years ago and they are still going strong . Such a believer , even bought one for my neighbor last year . Best advise is to shovel when 4 to 6 inches of snow on the ground . If you wait till you have a foot or more , you 'll have to be grizzly to push the snow around with this one !
 I think this shovel looks like it is going to work great . It 's durable material and has a wide edge . Good price .
 I have small weak hands and an iffy back . Being able to push the snow out of the way , rather than lifting it was something that works well for me . I wish I 'd bought it sooner !
 Some buyers will not like this sprinkler because it wears out and eventually begins to stick -LRB- fails to rotate -RRB- . I like it because it shoots up to 40 feet -LRB- depending on water pressure , nozzle insert and adjustment -RRB- . I am able to cover most of my yard by mounting just a few sprinklers around the perimeter of the yard . I did not have to dig trenches all over my yard and buy a hundred sprinkler heads plus hundreds of feet of underground piping . Replacing malfunctioning underground heads would have become a nightmare.Every year I have to replace one or two because they eventually stick or wear out . After 3 years , I figure my failure rate for the units has been about 35 % . They are plastic and made in China . For me , replacement is easy.Inlets on this unit -LRB- Toro # 53720 -RRB- are limited to 1/2 inch bottom and side . Toro # 53721 permits you to use larger diameter piping so you get more water volume and spray goes about 5 feet further .
 my ducane grill has lasted so long and now i needed to replace this part . It is well made and arrived promptly
 Old ones did n't work any more , basically rotted out . New ones mounted easy and they work perfectly . Thank you very much .
 install was fast and easy , not one swear word ! which is how I judge things . works great . the price was also very good vs. local shops
 I was suprised to find the parts for my grill so easily , the very best rate and they got here quick also . What more can you ask for . Takes a little time to install so I cleaned the grill while at it .
 This is the second electrode I have ordered and this one went down in price . A pleasant surprise . Fits the Ducane exactly as the original and works great .
 I bought 2 of these to replace failed magnetic ballasts in 6 ft kitchen fixtures . One thing that was n't really clear in the description is these are for F72T12 -LRB- 6 ft -RRB- or F96T12 -LRB- 8 ft -RRB- bulbs . If you only have 4 ft fixtures or T * type bulbs , you do n't need this model . It took me a trip to the local home improvement store to confirm , but I returned home and ordered it from Amazon at a considerable savings . Also , be aware that if replacing older magnetic ballasts there is a totally different wiring scheme . It is well explained in the included installation insert , but be sure and read it and follow the instructions . Be sure to have some wire nuts on hand too . Also , it is MUCH smaller than the old magnetic ones , so you may need an extra screw to secure it to the inside of the fixture . My fixture had a hole in the metal base at the right place , but it was underneath the old ballast and therefore no post or screw installed.The different wiring scheme also leads to the reduction of the rating to 4 stars instead of 5 . The power lead -LRB- black and white -RRB- wires were too short to reach the existing house wiring and I had to cut out a piece of the wire from the old ballast and splice in using an additional set of wire nuts .
 I can not say enough good stuff about Wolf-Garten tools !! I absolutely love them all !! I bought these gloves for my husband and he really likes them . They fit perfect on him , and he 's a big guy . When I asked him what he had to say about them for this review , he said , `` Pardon the pun , but they fit like a glove ! '' He says he uses them for any delicate work he may have , since they fit so well . I bought the smaller , ladies version for meWOLF-Garten Ladies ' Garden Glove # 7760001 , but they were huge . My fingers only filled up 3/4 of the way , but to be fair , I am small and do have a problem finding gloves that fit normally . And he ca n't even fit his fingers into those smaller ones . It 's sad because he does like these so much , but I have to return mine because I ca n't even keep them on . We both think that the quality of all of their products , gloves included , is overkill . Their stuff is like a lifetime investment . We have 25 acres , so both tend to go through gloves quickly , but these seem really overly well made . Hopefully he 'll have these for a while !!
 These are very nice , heavy duty work gloves . The leather is on all the wear surfaces ; fingers , thumb and even a band across the tops of your knuckles . Tough fabric too so I expect a lot of wear out of each pair . Was concerned about sizing but the large fit true to size .
 The gloves may look grungy after a ton of use , but they are as sturdy and protective as they were on the first day . BTW , grungy looking is good ; it shows that you 're working hard ! -LRB- LOL -RRB-
 If you 're a fan of Howard Garrett , the Dirt Doctor , you already know what Garrett Juice is . It 's his own concoction of compost tea , vinegar and molasses . You can make this foliar drink yourself , and he even has the recipe on his website.But if you 're like me , you find staying on top of compost tea brewing to be somewhat of a chore . There 's the whole issue of aerobic versus anaerobic tea and buying or building a system with air pumps . And you have to tend the tea , then strain it . If you do n't have a lab at your disposal , you 're never entirely sure what 's in your tea.This is the lazy man 's compost tea , and it 's good stuff . I still mix up my own batches throughout the season , but I rely on this . All I have to do is mix it with water and spray . Of course every plant loves compost tea . There really is no better friend to any gardener , organic or not.One word of warning , that I 've learned the hard way . If you leave your products outside , make sure they 're in a container that is squirrel proof . My squirrels think this is a tasty snack and will chew open the bottle . I do n't know if they actually drink it , but it 's a heartbreaker to go outside and find the drained bottle.Whether you 're a gardener who does n't want to brew your own tea at all -LRB- or you do n't make your own compost -RRB- , or like me , you want something quick and easy as an adjunct to your own brews , Garrett Juice is an inexpensive - and trusted - addition.My only complaint is that only a couple of stores online sell it . If you happen to live in Texas , you can find it at a few brick and mortar stores as well . I hope one day , we 'll see this product in all organic gardening stores !
 Been using this for the past 3 years and my tomato plants are healthier and produce more than ever before . While others in my area had the blight mine were disease free and produced a great crop of tomatoes . I spray every two weeks early morning or late afternoon , as spraying in the heat will cause leaves to burn a bit . I recommend this to all organic gardeners .
 I have used this organic foliar fertilizer for about 3 years . The reason I love this fertilizer is that it really brings out a deep healthy green to the plants its used on . It seems to be a quick source of whatever the plant is needing . I have used it on all my plants whether they be decorative such as the butterfly bushes , or vegetables , like tomatoes . It 's the only foliar feed I use ! Also , it lasts a LONG time .
 I am happy with this product , it has really helped my tomato plants bounce back.The seller was also great to deal with !
 I have used this smoker a few times and have not had any trouble . Considering what I paid for it and its size , I did not expect it to be perfect , or competing in barbecue contests . It is a small , basic , offset firebox smoker , plain and simple . For my purposes it has worked just fine and I have found that with a little care , the paint on mine is not peeling as the other reviewers have noted .
 One year ago two solenoids for our sprinkler system would not turn off and after much searching we found two in Oregon that took care of the problem . However we were told that they were very difficult to find so we were thinking of redoing the system . Looking at Amazon we found exactly what we needed and with prompt shipping that took care of this years problem so we were very pleased .
 For tight spaces , this valve is ideal . Has male thread and small size to easily fit in replacement problem area . Unfortunately , listed vendor Home & Beyond does not ship this product , they will send a 3/4 '' inch valve that you can easily get at HomeDepot with different specs .
 Just received and really enjoy the larger display.Nice to see at a glance what it says.Easy to set up and started working right away.Only drawback is the Min/Max function button is on the back of the unit.That is okay if you set it on a table or desk , but I have mine hanging on the wall , so that makes it not so handy.I would still recommend it !
 This product is , and performs , exactly as I expected . As a runner , I am more concerned with the outside heat and humidity than I am with my termperature controlled inside environment . The station is perfect for that . It is encased in an attractive frame , and gives the outside temperature in a large readout , while the outside humidity , time and inside temp are displayed below . It was easy to setup , and maintenance consists only of changing the batteries periodically .
 Very nice product . I 've used it in a number of environments and it works as expected . We live in a rain forest and it is not daunted by humidity or some moisture -LRB- I keep it under an eave when outside -RRB- . It is also used to monitor the humidity of my cheese cave -LRB- tupperware in a fridge -RRB- -- the sensor is small enough to do the trick . The sensors are accurate . I like it .
 Item arrived quickly , set up was straight forward and display easy to read . Battery life so far has been much better than my old unit . Looks pretty good too !
 Fabulous ! Takes a little work to set it up but works great and is better than anticipated ! The large display of outdoor temp is exactly what I was looking for . Indoor temp and humidity is also great -LRB- smaller display -RRB- , could eliminate the time as I do n't need it . Would make a nice gift !
 I 've had several of these Toro 340 multistream sprinklers for years and I just ordered a couple more to replace bad single stream rotors in the same lawn area . These sprinklers have lasted longer than the single stream models and I like their precipitation rate better than the single stream models that seem to flood my lawn with too much water . I 've had no problems with these rotors over the years and they keep on going even after being abused by string trimmers and lawn mowers . Plus , you need no tools to adjust them .
 I have used this product for years and it never disappoints and it has never burned a plant . I am not careful about measuring it , either ; just shake it on and water as usual . Just bought some today at a nursery and the woman at check out said she uses it all the time and it is great for blueberry plants . I like it especially for hanging baskets and veggies .
 It promotes growth , appearance and vitality of indoor plants.Will use outdoors in the Spring for similar expected results.Follow the instructions regarding the pellets and see the wonderful results
 Used this product on house plants and they doubled in size over the summer . This stuff does what it said it would do . My roses look great .
 I redid a lot of landscaping this year and planted a lot of small bushes and flowers . I also planted some trees.I bought this for fertilizing the small items that are much too small for fertilizer stakes . It is easy to use - the lid has holes for `` sprinkling '' out the fertilizer pebbles . I shook some out around all the plants.This was a few weeks ago . All the plants are doing much better - starting to grow . Could be just that the roots finally took hold , or it could be the fertilizer doing its job.Either way , I 'm happy.Not sure why some people are having trouble with this . I can still see the pebbles in the mulch when I water so I can tell they are slowly dissolving.This is a big bottle , so it will last a year or 2 . I 'll probably buy some more when this is gone .
 The old lady at the post office has 5 pots of geraniums perpetually blooming with the most perfect looking plants . She told me `` all she does '' is add some osmocote atop the soil and poke it in a bit with her fingers . I bought some ... within a week my geraniums are showing definite signs of following in the post office plant 's footsteps -- big blooms , richly colored . My mother sadi she tried this product years ago in a sample packet and didn ; t remember anything special . I have to say - give it to your geraniums and you will be astonished . Well worth my money .
 I have used this product many times on my house plants and love the results . I had a Shamrock plant bloom after using it . The Shamrock had not bloomed in the previous two years . Sucess !
 Just in case you all do n't know we had a drought this year ! So , my potted plants outdoors just could n't keep and neither could I because I live in an apartment and just was n't able to water as much as I needed to . Needless to say all plants died !! I will hold this for next year !!
 Ordered 2 switches just to make sure that my weed whacker would work for a long long time . Install was cake and the switch quility feels better than the original . Would have no problem buying again and would recommend them to anybody who has had problems with their factory switch . A + + +
 bought this to repair uncles ryobi line trimmer , it is only a few years old but he leaves it out in the weather , not a whole lot to say other than the old switch tested bad and amazon had a good deal on the replacement , it was shipped quickly , was as described and got us going again
 This was the part that I needed to replace the worn switch in my leaf blower.The cost of shipping , however , was more than the cost of the part.It would be nice if the stores that sell these blowers also carried some of the parts , but I 'm glad that I found it .
 The switch assembly was exactly as ordered by using the product code number . It arrived within 4 days and installation was quick and easy . Thanks to the prompt and reliable service and the reasonable shipping , I was back in business .
 worked great glad i was able to find this switchenabling me to repair and continue use of avery important gardening tool
 Part arrived ahead of schedule - it was exactly what my husband needed to fix the broken edger . How many hours he spent trying to fix the broken part ... all I had to do was order a replacement and presto , it worked perfectly . Thanks so much .
 This is a nice multi-purpose feeder . It allows you to hang fruit and includes 2 containers for jelly and mealworms . It has an appealing design , however , it was a little lighter weight than what I was expecting .
 I hung this bird feeder this morning , and within ten minutes , I saw my first Oriole of the season ! I am very happy !
 This combination of spindle assembly including blade was a good buy . I was well pleased with the purchase . The assembly does not come tapped for threads . It was very easy to use a tap to cut threads in the assembly . Self tapping bolts may have worked , but tapping threads was easy and worked great .
 Easy replacement for old spindle . Should have threaded holes . Must use self-tapping screws to install on deck . Very quick delivery time .
 I just started using this last week . It took a day or two for the birds to adapt to the design , but since they have , they seem to love it . My primary reason for purchasing it was to ease house finch-swarming , which is inevitable if they are plentiful in your area . With 10 ports to use , both inside and out , and along all lengths of the tubes , I thought this might be a good solution . And it is.Pros : * There is definitely less fighting among the birds with this feeder . While pecking order still exists , and while the finches will always be possessive of feeders , there are enough ports tofeed them , the cardinals , sparrows , chickadees and titmice . * 10 ports ... feeds a lot of birds at once . * Select A Seed allows you to flip the ladder perches up or down for nijer feeding . * Offer two types of seed at once . The cardinals , chickadees and titmice love safflower , and I fill the other side with sunflower hearts , which everyone loves . * Each fill lasts 2 + days . Easy to fill . * Almost rain-resistant . Other vertical tube feeders allow rain in though ports , thus spoling seed and creating much waste . * Great design . I placed mine on a swivel hook and it 's fun to see it spin . The birds do n't seem to mind the ride.Cons : * Juvenile birds have a hard time figuring out that there are ports inside and out . Also , they seem fearful of flying right onto it , and they have become dependent upon the air conditioner in the next window as a jump-from point . They sit on the ac and then jump onto the ladder perch on the unit . * Does n't seem to attract the jays too much . Design may be too difficult for them to manage . It is definitely a feeder which prefers smaller birds . I have seen the larger birds try to use it with some difficulty . * The base of the unit provides small indentations where birds can sit and eat , rather than sit on a perch . But I do n't see them using it , and I think it is because the plastic is too smooth and there is nothing for them to grab onto . So there is still plenty of seed in the bottom but it 's difficult for them to get to it .
 Normally I purchase my birdfeeders through local recommendations but this birdfeeder was on sale and I did n't have time to shop around so I took a chance and bought this one sight unseen.I 've had it now for over two weeks and I am completely happy with this purchase . It attracts mostly chickadees and cardinals . The cardinals sit on the platform area in the center of the feeder and take out a safflower from one side - eat it , then switch to the sunflower that I have on the other side . They love it.The main reason why I gave this feeder 5 stars is because of it 's ability to keep the seed inside dry . With every other feeder I 've ever owned -LRB- many of them 3 times the price of this one -RRB- I 've never had one that could boast that fact . I usually end up with a moldy , soggy mess after a good thunderstorm . This weekend , my feeder went through the ultimate test
 I bought this item several years ago -LRB- I want to say five or six -RRB- and it performed well . It 's finally on the beat up side , so I 've just ordered my second one . There are hundreds of feeders out there , but I like the round design of this , which allows many birds to feed at once-both on the outside and the inside . You also can see the birds as they feed -- most feeders block your view of the birds unless they 're on the one side that 's facing you.It holds a lot of seed , so I 'm not filling it up every day . It 's very easy to fill -- the lid pops right off and the opening is nice and wide , so you can dump directly from the bag and not have to worry about using a funnel . Then the lid snaps back on . The squirrels did eventually chew some of the holes , thereby enlarging them , but it 's still functional . I left it up year round this entire time and we get a lot of wind that comes off the Chesapeake Bay , which our backyard faces directly -LRB- it even survived a tornado that hit my house -RRB- . It eventually cracked in places , and the top weathered , and the plastic tube part lost its clarity , but it is still functioning . It has kept the seed dry throughout torrential rains . Other feeders which were maybe more attravtive were unsuitable as the seed in the bottom got wet , then clumped up and grew mold . I had to throw away a lot of seed because of this , and I buy the good stuff to keep the junk birds away . -LRB- this is not to say that this feeder is UNattractive , but I 've tried expensive art-glass feeders that would look so pretty in the yard -- none were as functional as this one -RRB- . YOu can use different kinds of seed in it -LRB- nyger , mixed seed , sunflower seed , safflower , etc -RRB- because the port holes adjust to accommodate different seed sizes . All around , a great feeder , hence my purchase of a replacement for my older beat-up one .
 I purchased 5 of these on Amazon for around $ 5.00 each on special . I filled them and gave them to my kid 's teachers for Christmas . I was really surprised that they were so big . They were a huge hit and well worth the price I paid . If they go on sale again , I will buy more for gifts and one for myself .
 This is a great bird feeder for watching birds . It is nice because the birds are all against the back drop of the sky instead of being in front or behind the feeder . We had at least eight birds feeding at once and you could see them all at the same time . None are hiding behind the feeder . FYI - The finches actually like it better when you leave the pearches down and the seed hole big .
 Excellent price , quickly sent . It is not squirrel proof . Two types of seeds at one time are pretty as well as useful . I will use some as Christmas presents .
 Was exactly what I needed . Only negative it the product 's height . It 's the height of a full sprinkler head and in my case , sticks out of the ground . Installed very easily .
 Had a ton of sprinkler heads that I wanted to convert to drip . These just screw right on , and you can run the lines right into the `` t '' top . Perfect .
 we checked everywhere for these . They work exactly as they are suppose to and we are very pleased . .
 Easy to install and it works as advertised . A big improvement over DIG and Raindrip systems .
 Very easy to fill up with seeds , but like what other reviewers found out ; the seeds can easily get wet due to rain if use outdoor . This is perfect bird feeders if hanged under roof overhang or covered patio . I hanged it outdoor under small tree , and to protect the seeds from rain I bought a large diameter plastic water drift pan for flower pots . I drilled a hole at the center where the nylon string passed through , and then installed the drift pan upside-down . Those birds the size of Red Cardinals are afraid to land on the landing loop because when the birds ' feeder tilts due to the unbalanced weight at one side , the birds fly away . Smaller birds like to come at lunch time and dinner time , though .
 I purchased these feeders to attract more than just hummingbirds to our garden . Birds are natural insect repellents , so attracting them to our organic garden was already in the planning phase ! This feeder was incredibly easy to install , is not easily accessed by squirrels or other critters , and attracts a wide variety of beautiful birds to our garden area . I have one in the front and one in the backyard , and love sitting on the patio watching our winged visitors come and go from the yard .
 I have really enjoyed this product ! Light weight , but sturdy . Easy to wash or rinse out . If you sit this feeder in a paper bag while pouring birdseed , you can keep from having the seed fall out . Just pour the extra seed back in your birdseed carrier . The top screws on very well and the small hook will keep the container from falling off any branch or pole in any wind . My birds seem to really enjoy this too !
 I was looking for an inexpensive bird feeder for a secret santa gift that had a price limit . I chose this feeder due to the different color and shape . I thought it would be a fun change from the normal long skinny feeders . I was happy to see that there was a S hook taped to the inside of the cover because it needed to hang from a shepards hook . I ca n't say much about the quality yet because it is winter and the actual feeder has not been put outside yet . It seems sturdy and although the plastic seems a little thin , I think it will do the job just fine .
 I have many different types of bird feeders . I bought this one because it was the cheapest , not really expecting much . I was going to order more but they became unavailable . When they were available again the price jumped up . For some weird reason the birds like this one more than all my other feeders but I 'm not going to pay more .
 This is a great feeder for the money . I fill it with black oil sunflower seed , and the birds have no problem getting the seed . It has stood up very well against squirrels , and even a raccoon !
 This feeder is a great little feeder for the money . I especially love the twist on/off top . It makes filling so easy and you can count on the fact that the feeder wo n't tip and spill half of the seed you just put in . The light green color is also nice , as it does n't show sun fade . I will probably be buying more of this item .
 I have both this and the larger EZ fill feeder . While I think all the First Flight feeders are better than most feeders out there -LRB- durbable , inexpensive , looks nice -RRB- , this one , unlike the larger EZ fill , seems to spill a lot of seeds . A larger feeder like the EZ fill also does n't have to be filled as often .
 This is a very good product . Birds have no problem feeding ; food does not fall out
 This is an easy to fill , attractive bird feeder . It is not of high quality materials - the plastic of the body of the bird feeder is only slight better quality than a two-liter soda bottle . But for the price , I think it is fine . The lid screws on tightly and has a good seal . At first I was a bit disappointed that it just has a small eyehole for hanging it - I pondered over what to use to hang it . But then I unscrewed the lid and discovered there is a small S hook taped inside the lid . It will be very adequate for hanging on a -LRB- slender -RRB- shepherd 's hook or small branch.I rate it five stars based on what you get for the price . If it cost $ 20 , I would NOT have rated it 5 stars . There are certainly better quality bird feeders out there if you are willing to spend more money . But if your price point is around $ 6 , then this is a 5 star product in that price range .
 Birds love this feeder , starting with south florida summer we have sparrows , bluejays , black birds , cardinals , all have a different way to feed .
 Sparrows are about the only birds around here that can feed from this bird feeder . I also have robins and doves that nest near here but they ca n't seem to stand on the feeder and feed . It is easy to load but the local sparrows can eat a full load of bird seed in a couple of hours .
 Very nice feeder love watching the birds gather to eat at the feeder near my balcony
 This feeder was a replacement for one that we liked very much . It took a while to find something comparable . When we received the bird feeder we were a little disappointed at the response from the birds . They seemed to have a hard time using it . My husband made some extra perches that had more depth and now the birds flock to the feeder . At this point we are very pleased .
 I purchased two of these and they are easy to fill . That is a very good thing as the birds keep it empty !
 I bought this for my wife for here kindergarten class as a project to attract owls and hopefully film them since they have an owl unit . The product is great , high quality and well thought in design and made in the USA . The only thing I changed about it was I added a 24 '' long natural branch on the front for a great perch out of the cedar tree I placed it in ... the added perch should help when the fledglings come out of the box ... GREAT BUY !!!!!!!!!!
 I am very impressed on the quality/price of this owl house ! I just got it yesterday and Ca n't wait to put it up . hopefully I get some Screechie residents !
 Looks great and installed easy with the flip front . The opening is kind of small but in happy with it .
 Fast Shipping and a great item . I do not have any owls yet but we are still looking everyday . It does not have any instructions but look on line and see the best place to put this and wait for the owls to come .
 The Looker Products Screech Owl , Kestrel and Flicker house exceeded my expectations . It is very solidly built , no staples or nail , it is screwed together . The wood is fit tightly together and the wood is of superior quality cedar . My husband was even surprized at the quality of the house . We have had screech owls nesting in a tree in our yard for several years . The limb they were nesting in blew down in a storm - hence the reason for purchasing the owl house in hopes that they will continue to nest in our tree . We placed it as close to the original site as possible and we are hoping they will reside here again . A number of birds have sought winter shelter in it already . All we have to do now is to hope the owls will find it a suitable site .
 The owl house arrived ahead of schedule . It is well built and I expect it to last a long time.I wish the screws came with it . My only problem is finding someone to install it for less money than I paid for the house !
 I was surprised at how wonderful and strong the owl house was . We put it up at our backyard it is currently vacant but we are hoping for some residents soon .
 I bought this gift for my daughter-in-law as she stated a desire to own one . She was well pleased with it and ca n't wait to have it ` installed ' in the proper place and be able to observe activity in it.Amazon made this gift-giving purchase painless and efficent . Thank you .
 Really nice looking . Got it as a Christmas gift for my son-in-law . Can hardly wait for him to open it .
 We bought this sprayer for acid-staining over 6,000 square feet of concrete and it worked very well . My husband had already gone through two less expensive sprayers intended for insect spray but recommended for the acid stain as well , and when he started having problems with the second one he decided to buy this Chapin Industrial sprayer . Note that he did experience a brief frustration getting this one started the first time , but he said it was easy to resolve by taking the handle apart and putting it back on . Overall he was happy with how sturdy this sprayer is and would make the purchase again , and it is worth noting that a professional concrete stain contractor told us that he always uses this same sprayer .
 This feeder for some reason seems to attract more birds than my other 2 feeders hanging at the same location . Great price too !! Easy to fill .
 I like these feeders because they look good for platic feeders , the birds like them , they 're easy to clean with a hose sprayer and they 're plenty durable for the price . After 18 months or so when they start to look too worn you can throw them out without guilt that you did n't get your moneys worth . They do hold up to being chewed on by the squirrels but if they fall any distance , pieces will break and fall off . They work fine -LRB- if not better -RRB- without the port covers but the perches will become too loose after a couple of re-attachments .
 Gift selected by my daughter . She seemed delighted . Quick delivery after order . Arrived in good condition .
 Since I ca n't afford bird seeds any longer , I fill this up with dead tree bark . Alot of the birds land near it then see that it 's useless tree bark and they look mad . Later on , the birds start hanging around my window and they look very , very mad .
 I have nothing bad to say about this product . I have been using it for several weeks now and it is definitely my favorite . The birds love it , too ! ; -RRB- The perches are adjustable from underneath the base . Supposedly this allows you to choose which size birds you would like to accomodate . I open it all the way , and the regulars -LRB- finches , sparrows , titmice , chickadees , cardinals , woodpeckers -RRB- have no problem using it . Larger birds may be able to use it , with some difficulty . I have seen the blue jay use it , and it was quite comical . He perched , squatted and maneuvered his body sideways to get the seed . The mechanism underneath sometimes gets stuck , but it always responds with some tooling around.-NO WASTE !!! The lowest perches are on the very bottom of the feeder , which means the birds themselves are cleaning it out . There is none of that moldy old seed left in the bottom . You could easily get away with cleaning this once every few weeks.-Extremely reasonable price.-Pleasant green color , sturdy plastic , easy to clean.-Select A Seed feature allows for nijer.Filling it is easy but I `` close '' the ports first -LRB- move to nijer , with the tiny opening -RRB- , fill it with hulled sunflower and safflower , then `` open '' the ports once again . There is some spillage , of maybe 15 seeds , which I save for the next filling . If you do n't close the ports first , seed easily spills out while filling.There are no cons for this product . But I will say that it is definitely NOT squirrel-proof , so if you have a problem with the voracious squirrels -LRB- and most people do -RRB- , this is not a good choice for you .
 I bought 2 of these to go on the sides of an arbor ; one is filled with thistle and the other with sunflower seeds . The thistle one works perfectly . The sunflower seed 's perches are constantly being closed by squirrels . I have tried to hold the perches open , but so far have not found the correct solution -LRB- my next try will be duct tape -RRB- . Chickadees do n't seem to mind the closed feeder and are able to perch without them.Still , the feeders are inexpensive , look nice , and are easy to fill . If there was a locking mechanism on the perch I would have given this 5 stars .
 I think the perches need to be extended completely for the little birds to be most comfortable , but other than that , it is working well . I especially like how the perches are staggered , so more than one bird can feed simultaneously .
 When you get a product that states it 's usage and then actually delivers on its statement , it 's a no brainer .
 I did n't want to pay a lot of money just to feed the birds , but I am satisfied by this item . The foot stands for the birds seem a bit flimsy but I doubt they mind much . Easy to hang and easy to refill . 5 Stars .
 For the money , this is a great bird feeder . It has a sleek look and it has plenty of spots for birds to perch . It sways quite a bit in the wind and the birds are able to knock seed out of it , but otherwise , we are still pleased with the purchase .
 I just got it today and immediately hung it up . I love how you can adjust the perches to whatever size . it holds quite a bit of seed and even though its plastic i feel like its pretty sturdy . The only thing i didnt like is that tap of the bird feeder just slides up and down . its not really secure . But its been working out so far today . The sparrows and finches LOVE it !! it drops very little seed and the fact that the birds just took to it so fast is amazing ! Love it and i would definitely purchase this again .
 I orderd these planters last year for the very upscale designed office where I used to work . They fit in perfectly with the rest of the office and looked great ! None of us were disappointed .
 The weather station from La Crosse is very accurate and easy to read . It contains the date , time , an alarm clock , and has icons in the center that let you know if it is raining outside , sunny , etc. . Settings are easy to use .
 This is the best little outdoor thermometer I have ever had ! The transmitter/receiver combination works well and the temperature is extremely accurate . The little guy in the middle is corny but cute !
 I bought one of these for myself and one for my sister as a gift.The first one arrived from Buy Wholesale Cheap . The gadget was defective in that it did not ever register the outdoor temperature feature - all other features did however work . But the main reason I got it was for outdoor temperature . I tried numerous times to reset it , as per the manual . Hoping and hoping it would click on and work . No luck.Knowing a return was imminent , I read the bright yellow paper/receipt that came in the package from Buy Wholesale Cheap . it went on and on about their # 1 goal was customer satisfaction . So I figured it would n't be too horrible trying to return it -LRB- like it can be sometimes -RRB- . Well , not only was I right - but the customer service experience far and beyond exceeded my expectations.I sent an e-mail Sunday evening - just to give them an early heads up before I called the next day - low and behold , when I got up the next morning - I had a reply from Buy Wholesale Cheap stating that `` my money was being refunded and they did not want to inconvenience me any further , so just to keep the gadget and dispose of it as I wished . '' Well , about 3 e-mails up was another e-mail from Amazon stating that they had already refunded the full purchase price . Bam ! Just like that ! No shipping , no printing labels , no errands to locate a FedEx drop spot . Now that 's what I call customer service ! Wish it was always that easy . I will definitely shop ` Buy Wholesale Cheap ' again after this very good shopping experience.So to recap - product bad - seller good !! -LRB- The 5 star rating is for the seller ... -RRB- t.
 This weather station is great ; my grandchildren love checking out what Oscar is wearing . So far it is really accurate and the outdoor sensor has already enduring a layer of ice during an ice storm . It was a little temperamental to set up , but we just reset it following the directions carefully and it worked . Very pleased for the price !
 like the little man , and his weather predictions , alto notalways right , am glad I bought it
 I bought this for my brother in law for Xmas but decided to keep it for myself . .
 I bought this for my mother for XMAS And she loves it ! Accurate weather and she just loves the little man tells how to properly dress for the weather .
 Gave this as a gift . After a week or so ask my father his thoughts . He told me about the various fuctions of the unit . Even , the little pulled out his umbrella and it rained . Key word used through out our converstion , `` Accurate '' .
 The one we got first did n't work right but we returned it without hassle and quickly received one that works well . This is a cute weather station for my 6 year old son that likes to know the temperature .
 Received item exactly as described . Very easy setup . Little man icon gives a very accurate idea of how many clothes I will need to stay warm and/or dry .
 I bought this because I always have trouble remembering what day it is when I wake up since I work rotating schedules . I like being able to wake up and see -LRB- Mon , Tues , Wed -RRB- displayed on this alarm clock along with what the outdoor temperature is . It makes my morning less frustrating on figuring out what day it is and how to dress that day regarding the temperature outside . The only thing I 'm having trouble with is setting the time . I set the time last night and by morning it had jumped ahead 4 hours for some reason - i think I set it incorrectly last night . The manual seems a bit hard to follow , so I 'm figuring it out on my own . The temperature appears to be accurate along with the boy dressing appropriately to the temp/conditions outside . EXAMPLE
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas and it is great ! He attached the sensor to the deck outside and is now able to see what the temperature is outside and what the humidity is inside . It 's also pretty cute that the little figure will dress up according to the weather outside . I would recommend this for the man in your life that loves gadgets and has everything else already . It was a great price too !
 I ca n't believe that I have gotten in the habit of looking at a digital dude to determine what my clothing is going to be for the day , but the truth is that I have come to trust this lil ' guy and he has n't let me down yet . The La Crosse forecaster is a great little device , and I do mean little . You are n't going to be reading the numbers from across the room . He 's found his home in the bathroom . I like the sunset/sunrise feature . If you do n't know which panels are which , you will have to walk up close to be able to determine which is the indoor temp , the relative humidity , and the outdoor temp . I would have preferred the clock and the outdoor temperature both being larger , but other than that , no complaints .
 This was a gift for my son . He especially likes it so his young kids know if it 's hot or cold outside by the way the display is dressed . Very clever . Thank you
 This forecaster is exactly what they said it would be . Easy to use , easy to view , and easy to install
 The little man with his various outfits tells it all in one glance . I would n't venture outdoors without inspecting his choice of outerwear ! It 's a great , happy addition to my home
 Since i live in a basement apt . this is a great little thing to have . I now get to know not only what the temp . is but also if it 's wet or dry outside .
 The information is easy to read and everyone Loves seeing how the `` little '' man is dressed each morning.The pricing was reasonable considering how much information is displayed . I Originally bought the weather station for my sister then my mother saw it and `` had to have one '' . She loves it so much she wants to buy one for all the extended family members
 I really like this weather station . I love the little guy who changes clothes . It is n't exact all of the time but is real close .
 You ca n't ask for anything more for the price . The little unit does everything as described and the backlight is especially useful . You ca n't find anything in this price range with a remote temperature sensor included .
 This is really a cute little item ... it is so interesting to watch the little man wearing different outfits according to the weather . The drawback is that it is very small ... do n't expect to be able to read it from across the room . But it is a conversation piece ... . kids would probably love this , also .
 We are enjoying this weather station with the little man dressed according to the weather he is forecasting . After setting it up for 24 hrs. , it did not automatically pick up the signal for our area ... which is in the country ... so we senior citizens had to read the instructions and set it up manually . So far it works great . Since we are in an area that gets all kinds of weather we look at it very often .
 The weatherboy on the screen makes it easy to interpret the numbers , and get an idea of how cold/hot it really is . I love the min/max feature allowing you to see the exact date and time of the highest and lowest reading , for both indoors and outdoors . It is backlit , and gives the time for sunrise , sunset , and zenith . A lot of technlogy packed into a simple yet effective weather station ... just what I was looking for .
 I needed a device to monitor the humidity in my house , and I chose this one because the little weather boy on the display made it a fun learning device for my young son . We check out his attire every morning and talk about the temperature . It 's become the clock of reference to keep all the others in sync because it 's always correct . The only thing I would change is to make changing the settings easier .
 I purchased this as a birthday gift for my 75 year old dad , as he 's constantly talking about the weather . But he found the weather station confusing and difficult to read . I had it all set up for him before I gave it to him , and unfortunately he pushed some buttons , getting it off sync and took the batteries out of the transmitter . So it had to be reprogrammed . He lives a great distance away , and can not reprogram it himself .
 When I decide to buy this product , I was thinking on a in-room thermometer , specially because of my just born child , that requires a climate room day and night . It look funny on presentation so I decide for it.Reception of product was timely and it incorporates a good support book where most part of all features are decribed in good detail ... it 's like weather for dummyes & iexcl ; & iexcl ; & iexcl ; Information diplayed on screen is good and quite accurated , specially the in-room one.The main issues found are related to external measurement wich is too sensitive regarding place were you choose to put it on . At first time I placed it next to our bedroom window which it wide covered by a roof , but this cause son kind of condensation producing thath temp readin were 8 degrees higher than local report shows . later , decide to me to an open space in middle of the yard -LRB- well covered from rain ... -RRB- and now lectura is much better , but still higher in abt 4-5 degrees.Regarding Oscar ... is funny and all my friend have joked very much on her , because seems to be quite exagerated at time to anounce weather changes ie . once , there was a sunny hot day -LRB- 30 -RRB- and during afternoon a soft cold wind start to raise . temp drop 20 ... and Oscar was on umbrella.Understandable that condition became worst , but ... umbrella ??? maybe just need to buy warmer pants and a jaket.In general , I like it pretty much and fully recomended
 I have 3 weather stations and this one is by far the best . Always seems to be working and I have it on my nightstand so I can see what the temp is before I get out of bed . Would highly recommend .
 my daughter loves this weather device . All the kids love looking at Weather Boy change his outfits according to the forecast
 We love this little gadget . It 's accurate and it 's fun to watch Oscar change clothes and build his snowmen . It 's silly but he 's kind of become a member of the household , i.e. `` Better get your umbrella , Oscar says it 's going to rain . ''
 It works . Set-up was a little confusing -LRB- reading the manual helps some -RRB- . I like the icons . Good price .
 Have owned this since early December ' 08 . Instructions are somewhat confusing but unit set up was almost ` automatic ' . I am using regular alkaline batteries with absolutely no problems , even though temps . this winter have gone below zero -LRB- some have commented that regular alkaline batteries freeze and do n't work . No such problem with mine -RRB- . The unit has been flawless . Extremely accurate in all aspects ; indoor and outdoor temp . and humidity.Highly recommended . -LRB- Note
 I like this product . Its easy to read and has been really accurate . Its fun watching the guy change clothes according to the weather.The reason I did n't give 5 stars is that I wish it came with better instructions .
 This is a great little weather station . We bought it for my son who LOVES watching the weather . The weather boy is a great visual and he is accurate ! The entire family checks it everyday . We also love the moon feature and the sunrise/sunset times . We had none of the difficulties that others have mentioned , but we have only had it 2 months . My husband hooked the outdoor sensor up with no problems . It 's important to put it in a place that does NOT get direct sun at some point during the day , or it will not be accurate . I recommend this weather station !
 I got this for my fiance for christmas . He set it up Christmas day . He said it was very easy to set up and was really happy with it . The temperatures are very accurate and so is the time . Little suggestion , make sure you have this set at your time zone . It took us a while to figure that one out ! All in all , he loves it and it works well !!
 I bought this in hopes that my husband wo n't ask me all the time what the weather is outside . I 'm kind of a `` stick your head out the window '' kind of gal . It was easy to set and was working within minutes.The only thing we did n't like was the proximitry to our home for the nearest forecast . But other than that I am very pleased . Another plus is that he knows exactly what the temperature is in the house and might leave the thermostat alone .
 I love this product . Put batteries in the external temperature monitor , and the unit itself and the whole thing starts by itself , time , inside and outside temperature and lots of other information . Best feature is the clock tuned to WWV signal put out from NIST . Sets itself , changed itself from daylight saving time to eastern standard time , automatically.Easy to understand , easy to read .
 A very good weather station . The character makes it fun to check and all information you need to start or end your day is there . Recommend it for yourself or a gift .
 I have no major complaints about this product . It performs as promised . I have the remote sensor located about 75 ' from the base indoors and it works just fine . I have had it for about a month and it is still going strong . i had wondered how long the batteries would last . The one thinig that I noticed that is off is the forecast indicator in the middle of the screen . The little guy does not always accurately reflect the outdoor weather . other than that I am not disappointed .
 This station was easy to setup and use . It works fine except for the weather forcast part . It some times shows rain when it is just cloudy . This problem has existed in three other weather stations I have had over the last twelve years . Problem must be with the program that does the prediction .
 I bought this model for a friend , for her birthday . She was impressed with it , and I helped her set it up and get it going . I liked it so much , I ordered one for myself . For the amount of information and the many features of this product , it is a truly amazing value for a very modest price . I would recommend it to any `` weather bug '' .
 My kids love to look at the forecast station before stepping outside . They enjoy seeing how the little guy is dressed , so they know what to expect before opening the door in the morning . I will warn you , do not get the sensor wet on the outsdie of the house . It stopped working instantly when my husband was spraying the house with a hose -LRB- he did not realize it was there before spraying -RRB- . It never recovered getting wet and I had to buy a new one .
 I absolutely love it , works great and pretty accurate , is is on the smallish side more for a desk in a home/work place , but other than that its great
 This is my second LaCrosse . First one died after maybe 8 years . We have a hard time with atomic clock in my area , so I may have to set it manually . All other functions work . Good value for the money
 I bought this weather station for my girlfriend about a month ago for her birthday and she has loved it . The display has a lot of information on it including date and time -LRB- synchronized with the US atomic clock -RRB- , indoor temperature and humidity , outdoor temperature , sunrise and sunset information , and of course the weather outlook boy . The weather outlook boy appears to use the temperature and barometer readings to display a number of icons indicating how to dress for the day and an arrow specifying if the weather is going to improve or deteriorate . The boy has been very accurate with his clothing recommendations but not as much so with his weather predictions . We have only had the device for a month so far though and it is possible that his accuracy may vary at different times of the year.The device is not the easiest thing to setup and definitely requires that you read the instructions when doing so . I initially had a problem getting the outdoor temperature readings to register but after reading the instructions , I realized I needed to install the batteries in the external sensor first and within 45 seconds install them into the main unit . Since then the temperature readings have been coming in with no problems.The main unit is flexible and can be wall mounted or set on any flat surface using the built in stand . The buttons on the sides and top do feel a bit cheap and are very easy to press which can cause you to inadvertently press them when moving the unit if you do n't grab it correctly.Overall this unit has worked great so far , provides a ton of information , and is a great value for the price .
 I bought this unit because New England weather is so changeable . I thought maybe my daughter would like the little guy , but she pays attention to the actual temperature -LRB- smart girl ! -RRB- The weather station does its job . One design flaw is that there are 5 buttons around the edges and top of the unit , so whenever I pick up the unit or move it , I inadvertantly push one or two of the buttons , usually the SET and ALARM buttons . The SET button changes the date display or shows the seconds in time if you keep pushing it . But the ALARM button is most painful because I keep activating the alarm by accident . The other thing I do n't like is that the transmitter needs to be placed outside , kept dry , and out of the sun -LRB- this is true of any of the La Crosse weather stations -RRB- . I have short vinyl eaves and no outdoor shack , so I stuck the transmitter in a hummingbird feeder for now . When the hummingbirds start coming out , I 'll need to find another place for the transmitter . Maybe build a birdhouse for it ? And the third thing I would prefer is the humidity display for outdoors instead of indoors . This is my first weather station , so next time , I 'll choose more carefully but this unit is fine otherwise .
 This unit has a clear , easily read display . I like the moon phase and sun rise/set times . The easel is a bit flimsy . Be careful when opening it or you will break one of the hinges . November 2008Well , it has lasted 4 years . We like to see what the little guy is wearing . He is more right than wrong . To all the people who say it does n't work - read the manual . When you change the batteries on the indoor or outdoor unit you must remove the batteries in both units ! Leave them out for a minute , then put the outdoor batteries in first . Having a battery tester is a good idea . Recently the outdoor temperature was unreliable . Turned out the indoor batteries were nearly dead . There is no indication that either set of batteries is going bad . Test before you tear your hair out .
 This is an interesting way to get others involvedwith dressing right for the outdoors . The littleman is fun to watch for cold winter days . It isimportant when setting up to put the batteriesin the outside sensor unit first , then the batteriesinstall into the main unit for the signal to pick up.Lots of fun for the little ones .
 I got this for my 10 year old daughter for her birthday . She would wake up every morning and ask me `` what 's the weather like ? '' This was perfect for her . She loves to watch the little guy change as the weather changes . In fact , my husband now wants one for himself as my daughter insists on keeping hers in her room where she can see it first thing .
 Received the weather station . I has great functionality . It was realatively easy to setup and start using . I do like the feature of controlling up to 3 remote sensors .
 I love my weather station . I like to know what the temperature is at all times , problem was every computer in the house showed a different temp , even when we all had the same location identified . Now this little guy lets me know what the temp is at my house !
 Perfect product , I love this little weather forcaster . Causes many people to view and talk about Oscar Outlook . Received when promised . Thanks
 Nothing but good things to say about LaCrosse Tech products . our previous unit 's transmitter finally conked out after about 8 years , so we replaced that one -LRB- old tech , low frequency -RRB- with this unit and it functions perfectly.Receiver and transmitter communicated within 10 seconds of the batteries being put in , and it 's been working great ever since . The receiver 's in an upstairs bathroom , about 100 ft. from the outdoor transmitter with no reception problems.And my wife especially likes knowing both what the weather is at 6 in the morning and what she can expect for the rest of the day.You can spend more , but I 'm not sure you 'll get more useful info than you do with this unit !
 If anyone raises sensitive plants , veggies , etc. . With a need to know the temperature , or just want to know how to set your self for the day . This is the weather station to get . It 's pretty cool , the man in the center of the screen changes his close acording to temperature and the 24 hr forecast . Sometimes it 's nice to wake up the a beautiful sunrise . This station tells you the times for both sunrise and sunset , along with how many hrs the sun has been shining for the day . I use this along with a tx25u-it thermometer with 6 ft probe . The probe is used to monitor the soil temperature . With instant temperature updates for all 3 channels this works perfectly . As mentioned in other reviews the sensor is not `` weather proof '' , But you can take an old plastic easter egg cup , cut it in half , and hot glue it over the verticle vents on the front to prevent rain from getting in the sensor . But other than that it 's accurate . I have tested the forecast with other stations I have in my room . When they say display the pressure falling this station predicts rain . When the other barometers predict rising pressure this station predicts sun . Although it would be nice if this station displayed the air pressure instead of just giving the forecast . Everything seems to be accurate . I do recommend this product .
 Nice product . READ the instructions . The boy icon is a cute feature but not always accurate . Right now it is raining at our house but the boy icon is not holding the umbrella . Try to place the outside sensor in a place that does n't hit the sensor in direct sunlight -LRB- it throws the outside temperature way off -RRB- . Also place it in an area where it is protected from the elements as best you can -LRB- under the soffit is a good place -RRB- . It picks up the atomic signal very good once you discover the best place . It picks up the signal every night in one place in my house but not in another place but otherwise a nice little product .
 I got my first Lacrosse weather station in Dec 2007 . I 've never changed the batteries in the transmitter and it still works fine . I live around DC , and although it does get into the single digits , it does n't get as cold as other parts of the country , and I 'm not sure if that might be a factor . My original weather station was a very cheap set of two receivers and a transmitter . When I first got it , I thought I 'd have little use for it , but I definitely look at it several times a day . One in the bedroom for picking out what clothes to wear , and one downstairs for right before I walk out the door.Well , I dropped one of the receivers and broke it , so I picked up this unit to replace it . I synced it to my old transmitter and use it with the remaining receiver from my old unit . What 's great about La Crosse is that you can mix and match several of these different weather stations with each other , because they use the same transmitter . Actually , you can even use more than one transmitter . Maybe put one in the back of the house , and one in the front to get a more accurate reading?Anyway , I love it . The price is right , it 's reliable , and I have n't had any problems .
 Had this unit for over 6 months now and it is amazingly accurate , can predict rain , snow and is just fun to see what the weather boy is wearing.I felt the programing was a little difficult , but worth it . We look at this often during the day and it has given us quite a bit of enjoyment . So much enjoyment , that we did n't mind the every couple months putting new batteries in the sensor and reprogramming the unit.It seems though that the sensor must have more of a problem than just eating batteries , 2 days after replacing the batteries , the outside temp reading is blank again . UGH.The sensor is located close to the unit , we are using good fresh alkaline batteries.I cked out the Lacross website for troubleshooting . I see they have a `` contact us '' if you are having trouble with the sensor . Maybe they know of a problem ? I did contact them , we will see how or if this is solved.I still think the weather station is a fun , inexpensive unit . Hopefully the sensor problem is resolved in the newest units .
 Last Black Friday -LRB- 2008 -RRB- I purchased this weather unit . The batteries died just short of a year later . I have often woken up surprised to see Oscar , the weather boy , dressed for rain or cold weather only to find that the weather reports were wrong and little Oscar was right . My only complaint is that my sensor will read the temperature too high as it is in direct sunlight -LRB- my apartment windows face the sun -RRB- . All in all , I highly recommend this product .
 I was skeptical about purchasing this after reading mixed reviews . I have to say that we have found it to be pretty accurate . The outside temperature might be a degree off , but not bad for $ 25 . As other reviewers have noted the sensor for outside really is n't too `` weatherproof '' . I ended up mounting it underneath the overhang of my garage roof to keep it protected.I mounted the station itself onto a wall very simply . My only other real CON , is that the unit is a lot smaller than it looks on the website.Overall a decent product .
 gives several different forcastings . A really neat addition with oscar . I bought for Christmas gift and my young nephew can help with the forcast !!! Would be nice if it was a little larger .
 This has so far been very reliable and accurate in regards to the temperature , humidity , and time keeping . The display is a bit small but after a few adjustments to where we had it sitting it has worked out very well .
 This unit works very well and is easy to set up . The little guy is usually better at predicting the weather than the weather services . Very happy with the unit and the price is great .
 This has proven to be very handy for checking outdoor temperatures . We live in sunny CA and have two sensors to monitor outdoor temps - one is located to be out of the sun in the morning , and the other to be out of the sun in the evening . The only problem I had was that I ordered a second sensor -LRB- TX25U-IT -RRB- because I wanted a read-out on the sensor , not realizing that the TX25 has two outputs , occupying two of the three channels on the WS9611U-IT . My wife likes Oscar Outlook that gives us an idea of what kind of weather may be coming , and the sunrise and sunset times are handy too . Overall I think it was worth the price .
 This a nice inexpensive weather station . It provides easy to read information and is surprisingly pretty accurate in near term forecast . It 's also fun to look at with the weather boy depicting fifteen different weather conditions . It was easy to set up and quickly obtained the WWVB time signal and adjusts for daylight savings time . It packs a lot of information in a small -LRB- approx . 5 `` W by 3.5 `` H -RRB- device .
 Installed the base unit and three remote sensors in Feb of 2011 , the 1st remote is located outdoors , the second in the garage and the third is in the attic.Still working perfectly after a year .
 I got this device about a week ago . It 's a great entry level device for those simply wanting indoor/outdoor temps displayed at the same time , plus a few extras . It 's easy to set up , and it does what the user manual says it does . Visiting kids seem to love it because of ` Oscar Outlook ' , and we may have helped increase sales because of that!Bottom line ; great value for the money .
 Bought this as a Christmas gift for father in-law , he loves it ! Accurate reading and easy to install .
 The weather station is easy to setup and install . It has an attractive display that has so far been accurate .
 I do n't own the exact same version as this one , but I wish I did . Liked my old one so much I gave these two as a gift . Great and fun product .
 This weather station is really great . It is easy to use and very compact . I liked it so much I ordered 6 to give as gifts . I would definately recommend .
 I was really expecting this to be money down the drain but to my amazement , it really works and works great . In the last 24 hours we have had sun , rain and now clouds and the little guy has changed three times to reflect every condition . It is a little complicated to set up but if you go step by step with the manual , you should be successful . Be sure to give it 24 hours to start reading out the correct information after you set it up . The outside temperature reading seems to be very accurate compared to a mercury thermometer . My wife likes it and she hates almost anything electronic , ca n't get a better recommendation than that.U P D A T E
 I had purchased this product about 6 months ago . Since then I have had many people comment on the item and expressed a desire to purchase at least one.In the last 3 weeks I have ordered 4 of these from Amazon for a lower price than I had orginally paid for my own .
 I love this little wireless weather station . I have one and I have bought several for gifts . Besides the regular info like the temp inside and outside and the humidity , etc. this one has a boy on it that either puts alot of clothes on when it 's cold or takes them off when it 's hot . He also has effects like an umbrella to tell you that you may need one , or a beach chair when it 's beach weather . He is an amusing figure that adds to the interest of the weather station .
 I purchased this for my father in-law for fathers day.They absolutely love it.The other day , my Mother-in-law called me up to tell me what the little guy was wearing and how smart he is ... the news predicted rain and he had his little umbrella out and it was n't even raining yet .
 Convenient , easy to use . Manual awfully big since it has three languages.Backlight could be brighter .
 Ok . So I bought this thing some time ago , and the transmitter does not work . The clock is not faulty at all . But at the outdoor section , it 's just blank with little dashes . I really do love this clock , I just want the weather part to work ! -LRB- P.S. Have n't tried contacting Customer Service , though probably wo n't based on horrible one-star reviews . -RRB- Update
 This was purchased as a house warming gift . The receiptent loves it . The kids like to see how Oscar is dressed , although he is often not dressed appropriately for the day.All other information is accurate and easy to read . I plan to buy one for my self when my current indoor / outdoor thermometer stops working .
 This does what it says it will do ! Weather boy a little over the top , otherwise one heck of a device !
 This item was easy to set up . I really enjoy all the information it displays and the little guy is fun to watch . Just wish they gave you the option of a little lady . Maybe not on the same item , but a choice of when you order .
 I love this weather forcaster . It sits small on my kitchen counter and is quite easy to read . I love the little boy -LRB- reminds me of my 5 year old son -RRB- and how he shows you how to dress for the day . Worth getting .
 I recieved my LaCross weather station and was very pleased how fast I got it . I set it up and ca n't believe how Oscar can predict the weather by just changing his outfit my wife enjoys it also .
 Product is fine has all options I wanted . I wish it was bigger so I could see if from across the room . Maybe next time I will get the Large size .
 I like the unit so far but it is much smaller than I thought it would/should be ! -LRB- I should have Checked the dimensions 1 `` x6 `` x4 '' -RRB- It just looks bigger in all of the pictures ! I was hoping to be able to read it without my cheaters ;--LRB- wo n't be a problem for younger users .
 This is our 3rd and final weather station it 's awesome ! Very clear to read it 's extremely accurate . We love watching Oscar change outfits lol . Very simple to setup and use , this is a jewel ! I read reviews , so I hope this helps you too .
 My 7-year-old son wanted a new alarm clock and we settled on this one . The first one that arrived did not have a functioning temperature sensor , but it was quickly replaced by Amazon . We have had the second one for a few months now and it is working well . Very useful to know the time and the temperature .
 I am so pleased to have Oscar , the indoor/outdoor weather station . I am a high maintenance date and Oscar is great entertainment . Actually , it is an excellent information for temps and weather conditions . It was easy to `` start up '' and has been going strong ever since .
 This desk top weather station , meets and exceeds my expectations . Just completed another purchase of this item , for a gift .
 My sensor worked very well for 2 years connected to two other external sensors . I actually leave it on the table next to my bed , or on my bed , and after a few years of getting tossed on the hard floor it is now having problems . It as worked very well and the external sensors have reported the same temperature when I have had them together . So quite useful . The alarm on it works well as well , as long as you do n't toss it on the floor too much .
 Bought as a Christmas gift for my husband . And he loves it . He consults it several times a day . Large Screen with easy to read numbers . And watching Oscar change outfits everyday is kind of entertaining . And the unit gives so much information . At first , a little tricky to set up because it gives so much detail . You really do have to read the manual to know what each set of numbers means . But after a quick glance at the manual , everything becomes clear .
 I was glad to find Oscar again with the features of original , but this one is more difficult to set . especially easy to accidentally turn on the alarm feature . once I got everything figured out and set correctly it 's great .
 This is a really cool toy to have . Its fun to watch him change his clothes as per what the weather is going to do Its a really fun gift to get someone that has everything .
 The instruction manual was a little hard to understand , but once you get it running , it worked very well . The little man is actually helpful when you look quick you can judge how cold it is . This is helpful for me because my wife if from Brazil , and I keep it on Celcius for her , and I dont read Celcius !! remember they tried to teach us the Metric system , and gave up !! Anyway I have had the unit for almost 5 years , and bought a second , as the price is good for what you get .
 I chose this to replace a larger wall unit that had failed . It tells me self-setting time and date , outdoor temperature , indoor temperature , humidity , sunrise/sunset , moon , barometer rising/falling , and a humorous forecast . I put it on the wall in a hallway near where I dress , so it helps with the morning decisions . The display backlight comes on when you press a button . It still works after three years . I like it well enough I have given one as a gift to a family member .
 i bought it to monitor temp in the house but there is discrepancy of 5 degrees between the thermostat and this station - not sure why and which one is more accurate .
 I like this one sunce it has the features I wanted especially the atomic clock update as weell as daylight saving time updates.Plus it was easy to set up
 The outside readings would stop working on and off at times . This Wireless Weather Forecaster was a good value , I wish it would work all of the time .
 I purchased this particular weather station to replace a different type/brand of weather station that had stopped working . It has so many more useful features than my last one and it makes life so much easier for us . No more scrambling to find the weather on the radio and/or TV . My family enjoys checking every morning to see what `` the weather guy '' is wearing and what weather is predicted to determine how we should dress for the day . It is also a great educational tool for my young children .
 I have been using this product for almost a year . It works per the ` Product Description ' . I installed the transmitter about 30 feet away from my house under the tree , so the direct sun would not hit it . Sometimes the outdoor readings on the weather station does turn blank , possibly due to too many walls interfering with the reception , if we move it.While we do n't rely on the forecasting tool , this product provides us with the time , indoor & outdoor temperatures , relative humidity , the moon phases and an alarm . I wish it also had outdoor humidity , but I guess there are more expensive models that one can buy that would provide that.The one concern that I have is that the weather station has so many buttons on every side -LRB- top , left and right -RRB- that one has to be really careful picking it up , or else the alarm is activated , without you realizing it . Then you will wake up to an alarm in the middle of the night . Otherwise this product works great !
 First I purchased the The Weather Channel WS-9055TWC Wireless Forecast Station also by La Crosse since it was on a Friday sale and I had read so many mixed reviews that I wanted to get the cheapest one first to try . Well it has worked perfectly for the past couple of weeks I 've used it , so then I decided to get this one . This one has many extra features , most importantly for me is the humidity level reading for my home office . I also enjoy the clothing indicator and the moon phases . Both have worked perfectly -LRB- granted I 've only had them a few weeks -RRB- and usually are within one degree F of each other . I do n't think you could go wrong with either selection depending on your needs , but I would wait for a repeat Friday sale as now they are almost double what I paid , -LRB- 16.99 this one and TWC 22.99 B4F3 , so really around 16.00 -RRB- . I will update this review if I have any problem with either one later on .
 I purchased this product for my parents and they just love it . They like knowing what the indoor and outdoor temperature are and the Oscar Outlook figure is somewhat entertaining . All the additional information the weather station provides is nice to have , too . I think it was a great value for the money and would recommend it to anyone interested in purchasing a weather station . I may be buying another one in the near future because now my parents are saying that they would like to have an additional one to put it in the bedroom -LRB- the one they already have is in the living room -RRB- .
 I get up at 0400 and I live in Ohio , where we enjoy a temperamental climate . I do pay attention to the weather forecast , but `` tonight '' and `` tomorrow morning '' are a bit off my schedule . It 's difficult to plan what to wear and when I need to start my commute to arrive on time and safely . When I get up , it 's really dark outside . I ca n't hear if it 's raining either . To top all that off , I turn on very few lights , and do n't turn on the radio or television because my husband is sleeping . I have n't a clue what is going on outside when I get up in the morning.I did n't need anything fancy , but I needed something to help me plan my morning , and I find this very helpful . Outside temperature , barometer rising/falling indicator , and the little fellow giving me an idea whether I need a jacket or a coat . Or a tank top . I like the moon phase icon too . You need to know if it 's a full moon : -RRB- It also measures indoor temperature and humidity . I need to know that for my houseplants and orchid.You do need 4 AA batteries , and you need to mount the sensor outside . The toughest part of that is finding a place that IS outside but sheltered from the elements.A five-star product , except the alarm clock feature . Trust me , all you have to do is hold this in your hand , and you know you 'll break it if you use it as an alarm clock !
 I 'm showing them the pic of the man n what he is wearing , so they will learn to dress warm when they need to .
 This was a gift for a grab bag and it was very cool.It got here on time in good condition.A very cool gift .
 I have owned one of these for years and have given many out as gifts . By far the Transmitter is the only issue . It is very easy to break the internal stuff . It had fallen a foot into the grass and no longer worked again . You can buy a replacement transmitter , but I wish they were a little cheaper since you will have to replace them .
 This little weather station works like a champ . Easy to set up . Nice to know exactly the weather in MY own neighborhood .
 I bought this for my brother ; he graduated with a degree in weather . He and his family love Oscar , except they think he is a wimp with the suggested dressing for the weather . But he found the accuracy and ability to see the weather for the day , quickly , was very beneficial . So I bought another for my Dad . He loves Oscar too . I am even tempted to buy one for myself now .
 What a fun gadgit to have in the kitchen . I 'm always yelling a ` weather update ' to the family . Of which I am SURE they appreciate .
 I purchased this weather unit for my in-laws and they have had so much fun with it . They love to see what the weather man shows to wear for the day ... he makes the unit fun .
 Nice simple weather station . Helps my kids , 5 & 8 , get ready in the morning without asking `` what should I wear ? `` Just be careful of transmitter placement to avoid inaccurate readings .
 The La Crosse WS-9611U is nice , but very small . The unit is only 4 `` X6 '' and hard to see if your two far away . I ended up giving it to somebody .
 This is very handy for us . The price is the best out there , and the only draw back is the small size of the display ... you ca n't see it from across the room . That is the only drawback we 've found though !
 We are very happy with this weatherstation now that we have new batteries in both pieces . Otherwise , when the batteries are old it can give some funny looking readings . We enjoy now knowing how cold it really is in our bedroom since it 's away from the thermostat and where our little girl sleeps too . Requires 2 AA batteries for both the sensor & station . Can stand on your dresser without equipment or be hung on the wall . It is worth the purchase !
 GREAT PRODUCT . WORKS WELL . EASY TO USE AND SET UP . VERY ACCURATE . HIGHLY RECOMMEND.NOT GOOD FOR THE VISUALLY IMPARED . A BIT SMALL .
 My wife was very happy to be able to know the outdoor temp at a glance . Oscar Outlook is a nice touch . It was a little strange that they did n't have the sunrise/sunset information for a major metropolitan area like Minneapolis/St . Paul but they had two other smaller Minnesota cities . The setup is a little cumbersome , but not too difficult . Otherwise it seems to work great so far -LRB- one month -RRB- .
 recieved this item about two weeks ago -LRB- i bought two -RRB- and am very pleased overall.one problem-a little hard to see , even with back lite.took a while to set up-a `` hair puller '' , but works great .
 I named the little guy `` Little Timmy . '' He does get confused at times though and says to take an umbrella when it 's clear as a bell . It might have something to do with where I live , in the high desert of Southern California next to the San Bernardino Mountains , which plays havoc with the barometric readings of the unit . The indoor and outdoor temperature is cool , as is the relative humidity reading . This is definitely worth having if you live anywhere that has weather .
 I have purchased several of these as gifts for friends . This weather station is so silly that it 's adorable . How could you resist that little guy with all his little outfits . Quite a hoot if you ask me !
 A great table top quick look at the weather . Would be even better if there was an A/C adapter instead of depending entirely on battery power .
 When I first received this unit , I was surprised that it was smaller than I expected , but it was no real problem.Setting up the unit was very easy and took less than 5 minutes . navigation of the features takes a little gettting used to and having buttons on 3 sides of the unit -LRB- top , left and right side -RRB- make holding the unit a bit difficult without accidentally hitting a button.Overall , I 'd recommend this unit as a good value for the price and the graet features it offers .
 I bought this as a replacement for a similar unit that took a dive off my TV . I love this unit . It has everything you could want , except no wind speed . And the features it has are Indoor/outdoor temp , time , moon phase , relative humidity , sunrise/sunset , And by reading the little guys outlook you can see if the weather is improving or going downhill . Some reviewers have suggested that he 's not very accurate , but I think you need to use your common sense . If it 's not raining but he has an umbrella , it just means it 's high humidity , etc. . And besides how accurate is the guy on TV ? If this unit breaks because I knock it off the shelf , I 'm buying another one and gluing it down .
 The transmitter on our La Crosse station in our kitchen went out , probably because it got wet outside our kitchen window facing our covered deck . I had to buy a new transmitter , but chose instead to buy another La Crosse product for slightly more that gave me an additional station for our bedroom and a transmitter that works with both the old and new stations ! I am satisfied with the choice and I mounted the new transmitter very high under the roof overhang so that moisture or rain is less likely to make it malfunction . These stations are very nice as they always give you indoor and outdoor temperatures in digital figures and they give you the time which never has to be updated for daylight savings changes . If you change batteries , it might take a while to find the temperature and the time , but that is a small price to pay for the convenience .
 Wonderful tool . Fun to look at with kids and see what the temp is to determine how best to dress for each day . Oscar has become a great family friend .
 We have a larger and more expensive indoor-outdoor unit in our bed room . I bought this for the kitchen . This one is within a half degree on outdoor temperatures from the expensive unit . The indoor humidity seems to be fairly close also . The indoor temperature is a little lower , but it might be because the location we hung the unit . It is a good buy . I ended up buying a second one for a friend . The atomic clock seems to work fine . You have to allow a day for it to catch up .
 Bought this for my 6 year old son . Was a little weary about how long the battery life would be after seeing some reviews , but the original batteries lasted one full year . I used Duracell - not some cheap AA battery.This weather station accurately foretells the weather . It predicts snow and rain - no kidding.Setup is fairly normal - not the easiest , but if you are technically adept at all , not too bad.Make sure you place the outdoor weather sensor out of sunlight or the temperature readings wo n't be accurate.Overall , very pleased with this system .
 We were able to mount the sensor on a north facing wall of our garage , which is out of direct daylight and protected by the roof 's overhang . To mount , we used a cordless drill and had it up there in about 10 minutes . The display unit is designed to either sit on a flat surface or be mounted flush against a wall in your home . We happened to have a piece of furniture within the sensor 's range we set it on , which sits just about at eye level for easy reading . I would say the indoor/outdoor temperature readings have been accurate . However , we have not figured out how the atomic clock works yet . It 's display is easy to read from up to 3 feet away , so it would be a good unit for your desk or night table -LRB- this unit was designed to be used as an alarm clock -RRB- .
 There are SO many weather stations to review ! I finally stopped researching the million options out there and picked this one . I bought 3 of them for different familiy members . My family is not weather guru 's so the basic funtions were fine . Several positives . 1 . The screen is layed out perfect . Other screens looked so packed with info , you would have to decode them to find what you 're looking for , not this one . A quick glance and you found what you want . 2 . The guy in the middle is actually very neat , and everyone likes it . He changes clothes as the weather changes and it snows / rains / sunshines behind him to tell you what to expect . 3 . This unit finds it 's own time clock and settings . Just add batteries as instructed and voila ! You do n't have to set a thing . -LRB- now how cool is that ! -RRB- Easy to use for family who hates to monkey with settings / reading long instructions . It does show you indoor/outdoor temps . Clock / alarm etc. . We 'll never use the alarm as this sets in our kitchen . And it tells you the time the sun sets/rises , another no biggie for us . It does have the kick stand to set upright on our counter and provides just what we wanted . And for $ 20 , it was perfect . My advice , do n't go crazy on an expensive model with tons of bells and whistles , no one cares about most of that stuff , unless your uncle dreams of being a weather forcaster in his next life .
 I purchased 2 as gifts for relatives on the east coast . I have one in sunny California , and I love it . It is easy to set up , and I use it at least once each day to check out the weather , date , and time . My relatives commented on it when they last visited , and now they can have their own .
 Love this gadget . So nice to know the temperature inside and outside without having to go to the window to look at a huge thermometer outside . The forecast is good , sometimes more accurate than the weather forecast I hear on the radio . I liked it so much , I bought a second one for the vacation house .
 Nice produce . Easy to configure . The information display is just as described and all of the weather information one could need in an intuitive format .
 This La Crosse unit is very good . I have two of them . One upstairs and the new one in the kitchen so I do n't have to walk a flight of stairs to see what the temperature is outside . The other features are nice when you wake up and it is dark out and you need to take the dog for a walk .
 We had the very same forecast station on a window sill over the kitchen sink for many years . It was accidentally knocked into a sink filled with water . We could n't find a replacement in any of the stores that we shopped at.When we found this unit at Amazon , we ordered it immediately . We especially like the relative humidity reading on hot summer days . It also is a very accurate timepiece!We feel this is a very good product , and it does what is expected . We recommend it .
 I got my clock today and discovered how small it actually is . The measurments are approx 5 inches by 4 inches . I saw all of the pictures posted but could not determine the size . I have not actually opened the package yet . I am still decidinig if I should return this item . I like the features . I had wanted an atomic clock I could see across a room so for this reason alone I am disapointed .
 I use this forcast station daily . It works great . I look at it to see how cold/warm it is outside before I leave the house .
 Awesome weather station , this is my second Lacrosse and love this one more then the last . Highly recommended for the weather bug
 These will help my children and grandchildren understand and be prepared for the weather in their area.Thank you so much
 The station was easy to set up keeps great time and reports exactly what I was looking for . No more guessing at the outside temperature in the mornings afternoons or evenings .
 The weather station gets four out of five stars , but I give Amazon a big zero for the `` frequently purchased with '' feature of their site . It recommends buying the TX6U wireless temperature sensor with this unit , but it is not compatible . The TX6U is a 433 Mhz sensor but the weather station uses a 915 Mhz sensor -LRB- the TX29U-IT -RRB- . Do n't buy the TX6U with this model weather station.I subtract one star for the weather station because the two little green LEDs on the right side barely illuminate the screen when the back light is activated . Other than that , the unit works OK .
 I bought this for my girlfriend 's Step-Father 's birthday . He is hard to shop for since he has almost everything , but he likes gadgets . He has two Atomic Clocks that provide Indoor/Outdoor Temperature , but this was something unique . Most people want to know the weather for one reason
 We purchased this model about one month ago & we both love it ! The set up was a bit complex until I went online & got the `` quick set up instructions '' & then it was a breeze.The outside temp appears to be right on the money as well as the indoor temp.This is a great little weather station & well worth the money & delivered for free w/o sales tax.Buy your 's now ! Bill in FL4/06/09 Update.This little guy just keeps on working like it is supposed to ! No problems & no complaints at all ! 4/13/2011 updateThe batteries had to be replaced six months ago in the main unit & also the sender & this little guy just keeps on trucking ! Great item !!
 I love this little guy . It is so convenient to wake in the morning and see the time , date -LRB- hey - pre coffee I need a reminder ! -RRB- , and outdoor temperature . I really bought it because I have a senior dog that ca n't breathe well if the humidity level in the room is too low . Dry heat bothers him so it was my desire to keep track of the humidity level and ensure I use a humidifier when necessary . NOTE
 muy bueno bastante preciso , no mide la humedad exterior , si lo van a usar fuera de eeuu no anda la hora atomica y las faces lunares hay que verlas en espejo ,
 This item worked right out of the box . I read and re-read the instructions and walked my way through by the numbers . Upon inserting the batteries it worked just like it was supposed to . The instructions can be intimidating , but do n't let them throw you . Great product !
 I like this clock . Setup was easy , it keeps great time and the weather functions change rapidly to outside weather conditions . The only complaint I have concerns the outside temperature display . For some reason , of which I am not certain , the outdoor always falls within a few degrees of the indoor temperature . This results in an outdoor reading of 72 on days when it is a documented 90 degrees outside . Apparently , in these cases , the outdoor reading is incorrectly in the range of the clock 's central air environment . Hopefully , this problem will correct itself if I remove the batteries and allow it to reset . This is worth a try , because otherwise , its a nice clock .
 This is really a nice unit Oscar is cute and the kids just try to see what he is wearing every day , , , ,
 Pleased with the unit overall except the back light is very poor for night reading . The light would be Ok if on both the left and right side vs. just the right so you ca n't make out the clock side which is where one needs it most .
 Delivered in two days . Setup easily -LRB- I had had one previously , otherwise the instructions stink -RRB- . Works fine as long as the outdoor sensor is NOT in the direct sunlight !
 I was hesitant to buy a remote control weather station due to the reported problems with the receiver malfunctioning . So far I have been pleasantly surprised with the accuracy and smooth -LRB- so far - 1 month -RRB- functioning of the receiver and unit . This was a gift for my 8 year old son and he loves checking the `` weather boy '' every morning for advice on what to wear , as do we !
 I love this small product . It has all the details I need in one small package . The temp reading both indoor/outdoor are very accurate . Enjoying the product everyday .
 La Crosse Technology WS-9611U-IT-CBP Wireless Sun/Moon Weather Station with 15 Advanced Forecast IconsWe really like the apropriate clothing of the weather boy telling us what the temp is outside . This is besides the actual numbers . He even has an umbrella a couple days before rain is due.THE MANUEL IS ACTUALLY USABLE AND USER FRIENDLY . WE USED THE MANUEL AND ANSWERED ALL OUR QUESTIONS .
 When I opened the packaging and saw the 167 page instruction booklet , I almost put it right back in the package ! Then I realized it was in 3 different languages . The English version still seems lenghty at 66 pages , but do n't be intimidated ! I glaced at the instructions to make sure I did the initial set up correctly -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- , then I played around with it . I went back to the instruction booklet after I was familiar with the product , and set up was a breeze ! Make sure the alarm is set to `` off '' because the default alarm time is 6:00 a.m. -LRB- which I discovered quite accidentally ! -RRB- . So far , it 's a great product and tells me what I want to know -LRB- indoor/outdoor temp -RRB- and more -LRB- time , date , sunrise , sunset , and even how to dress for the day -RRB- .
 The info displayed on this weather station provides a good overview but the small size of the unit makes it hard to read .
 This weather station is great . Im the kind that often forgets to consider temp when dressing or before leaving the house . This station is so useful cause it reminds me to grab a jacket or to dress a little cooler . Its helpful to my husband for hunting cause it tells us when to expect the sun to come up and set .
 Nice little gadget . Very accurate as to weather conditions as they ar about to change . Graphic characters could be a little more realistic . . i.e. Boots in winter , umbrella in summer , etc. .
 I have this weather station at home , this purchas was for a family member . It is spot on and has been great to have around .
 For the price , this is a great little weather station . Check the dimensions , it is fairly small , but just big enough to sit on our kitchen counter to be checked several times a day . I like the little man , his predictions of rain are pretty accurate , although he often bundles up a bit sooner than I do . Overall , I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I purchased this as a gift for my 80 + years young grandmother . Her vision is not great , so I wanted something she could see and understand easily . The time and temperature are easy to see , but the moon/sun rise is difficult ... we did n't care since that was n't too important to her . She LOVES what we now call the `` Little Man . '' Little Man changes his clothes according to the current weather and upcoming forecast . It is great entertainment for her to get up every morning and check on her Little Man : -RRB-
 Pros
 Awsome love it really great Could use an extra sensor in direct sun it can show higher then true and likewise in the shade
 this is an awesome little item . lots of fun to watch the kid , he lets you know how to dress for the day .
 I originally purchased this device as a replacement for one I thought I had broken . Much to my surprise , it was n't broken so I kept this one for myself . I love it ! The image of the man with garments that change as the weather changes is clever ! My wife and I check it almost every day before we go to work ! Much quicker than waiting for the forecast on TV .
 Very easy to setup and use . So far has been correct on the current weather . The forecast is just like the weatherman right about 50 % of the time .
 I bought this for my mother , and have a simpler one for myself . The grandkids love grandma 's weather boy , it becomes fun for all . The build quality of LaCrosse products seems to be great , but you do have to read the instructions . Many of the negative reviews I 've read strike me as people who are n't reading the instructions.The initial set up is not necessarily intuitive , when my batteries went out on my original unit -LRB- after two years on generic batteries -RRB- I had to go online and download the instruction manual to get it working again . Timing and order of putting the batteries is key , and then you have to give it about 15-20 minutes for the set to sync up with the national clock .
 I bought this weather station years ago for my husband we have enjoyed it many years and were surprised of its longevity , we live in the woods where its not unusual for squirrels to visit our back porch where we placed the outdoor sensoron a post ... we tried changing the sensors location but the squirrels seemed climb around on it sometimes no matter where we hung the sensor always detaching it from the holder , the sensor is off white about the size of a slim style dvr remove that clips into a holder ... . many times we found the sensor laying in wet the yard with the battery cover off ... . surprisingly we dried it off , replaced the cover and put it back on the holder , and it always worked . Over the years we lost the battery cover -LRB- squirrels -RRB- so we put duct tape over the back During a recent remodel to our porch my husband accidentally knocked it off the holder it hit very hard the outdoor sensor never worked again , but the indoor monitor still works GREAT ... . time , date and indoor temp . We really miss the outdoor temps so I am here today to order another am hoping my old monitor will work with th new one . I will try to post if it does I have read a lot of negative reviews I have to wonder if maybe it may be handled to much we have always keep the indoor monitor displayed on the wall so its never handled except to change batteries and to be honest batteries last forever ! We decided to hang it on the wall b/c the buttons -LRB- setting -RRB- are very sensitive and my only complaint is a slight touch can set the ALARM clock and I found it difficult to to turn off and it is VERY loud : - -RRB- and for that one reason I gave it 4 STARS instead of 5 but other than that its a nice quality product .
 Product has a great range for its wire-less thermometer . However the transmitter only does temps . and not humidity . The base unit does both .
 We love this weather station enough to give it to many friends and neighbors . It works well as a practical weather station but just adds a bit of character with the fun guy in the middle showing you what to wear each day . I give this product four stars because it is a little small which can hinder some from reading it easily . Other than that , the product is great . It has lasted each and every gift receiver since we ordered them back in 2008 . I do want to say , however , I know this is a review about the product ... that 's why I gave it four stars and commented on how pleased we are with it . However , I also just wanted to mention here that I have had a similar experience to others with the customer service of La Crosse . It is a company of just a few -LRB- one man was online chat assistance , technical support , and the manager I had to speak with with any concerns ... needless to say , it went nowhere -RRB- , and the customer service is non-existent ... and when it is , it is very difficult and impolite . This comment did not have any impact on my rating of the actual product .
 Summary
 La Crosse Technology WS-9611U Wireless Sun/Moon Weather Station with 15 Advanced Forecast IconsThis is a great mobile unit with its out side sensor , great for RVing , camping & boating , has acceptable range of transmission . So whats not to like . Easy to set up clear instructions . Four out of Five stars not perfect but what is !!! E. DeardorffPrineville OR .
 I gave this to my husband over a year ago and our whole family loves it . It sits on the kitchen counter and we check it every morning . It comes with a wireless remote that you set outside -LRB- in a fairly safe place so that it lasts -RRB- . It seems accurate but you do have to adjust to whether or not you put the remote in or out of the sun . We prefer ours in a shady spot and realize that it will be much warmer in the sun.The kids adore the little guy who shows you how to dress for the day and has an arrow going up or down determining which way the temperature will be going . We also like that it tells the time of sunrise and sunset and shows the moons as well . It has lots of settings and extras but these are our favorite features.This is a great product and we will buy another if anything happens to the one we have .
 Nice features and seems very accurate . Remote unit for outdoor temps is nice - but hard to find a spot not affected by afternoon sun . Sunrise/sunset times are an added plus .
 Pro
 I love this weather station . It works perfectly ! The only reason I did not give it five stars , is that it is a little small . I really wish the screen , could have been larger . I would still buy it , even if I had known it was smaller than my old one . Thanks for a product that really works !!!!
 Unit it a little on the small size , but works great , probably better than our local weather man . If it shows the boy in rain gear it is raining , wes raining , or is going to rain . Temperature is correct , humidity is very accurate.Love it .
 I 'm happy so far with this weather station . It 's smaller than I expected , making it harder to read than my previous station . I find that I 'm not really paying as much attention to the `` little man '' as I expected . I 'd rather see the temps in larger numbers . It picks up both remote sensors I have outside with no problem . I keep it in the bathroom now , so it 's easy to check while getting ready in the morning . I 'll get a larger unit to place in my living room where I had my other station . I do like the sunrise and sunset information . For the price , it 's a pretty good deal.UPDATE 5/22/2012
 Did like this very much . The case was a bit plasticly but other than that it has been working great !
 I really like this little weather station . It 's small enough to sit on a shelf . The temperature and all the other numbers seem to be correct , but we laugh at the little man because he never seems to get it right as far as how he 's dressed . But , it 's cute and compact and mostly correct , so I recommend it for the price .
 I 'm very happy with this weather station . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is the difficulty I had setting it up . The directions need to be simplified , in my opinion .
 the weather station is really nice and very accurate , , , , it looks good on the counter and the seller sent it as agreed and was on time and packeaged correctly ... woould highly recommend the seller again
 We really love the La Crosse Technology WS-9611U-IT Wireless Sun/Moon Forecast Station . It helps us to plan our wardrobe so that we are dressed for the weather . We especially loved it during the winter as it predicted the weather perfectly .
 I bought 2 of these and gave one to my nephew -- he did n't want to put his jacket on when it was cold outside . He loves checking Oscar 's outfit and it gives us something to chat about on the phone . We have not had any problems with any of the units and I have bought this for a friend who can not get caught without an umbrella ! Love it and would buy it again .
 Does a good job ! The lil ones love the lil guy & changes of the clothes !
 Works very well after set-up according to manufacturer 's instruction as per enclosed booklet . There is a slight difference between the outside temperature and the actual reading of a calibrated thermometer but of no consequence . Overall it is a great buy for anyone interested in many phases of the weather .
 I am completely satisfied with this unit . Lots of information , sun rise , sun set , phase of the moon , highs and lows . A really nice machine .
 I purchased 2 of these forcast stations for my grandsons -LRB- 7 & 5 yrs old -RRB- for Christmas . They were moving into a new house and were going to be in separate bedrooms for the first time . They just love them ! They come downstairs everyday to tell their Mom what they should be wearing out on that day .
 I WAS REALLY NOT SURE WHICH ONE OF THESE UNITS I WANTED TO GET . I READ REVIEW AFTER REVIEW , AND JUST COULD NOT MAKE UP MY MIND . I FINNALLY SETTLED FOR THIS UNIT FOR THE PRICE , AND ARRAY OF INFO IT WOULD DISPLAY . I GOT THIS UNIT RIGHT ON TIME , -LRB- FOR CHRISTMAS 2009 -RRB- . AFTER OPENING I SOON READ THE INSTRUCTIONS , AND HURRIED TO GET THIS INTO OPERATION . I LISTEN TO ONE OF THE REVIEWS THAT I HAD READ AND BOUGHT THE REALLY GOOD LITHEUM BATTERIES FOR THIS UNIT , YOU SHOULD TOO ! HAD NO PROBLEMS SETTING THIS UNIT UP . I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS UNIT , IT HAS WORKED FLAWLESSLY SINCE I SET IT UP AT CHRISTMAS . I WOULD SUGGEST TO ANYONE THAT THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT , AND FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY , WE TAKE A LOOK AT IT EVERY DAY . THE LITTLE GUY DRESSES FOR THE WEATHER , AND GIVE A PRETTY GOOD IDEA OF WHAT YOU SHOULD DO FOR YOURSELF . ALL IN ALL A VERY GOOD PRODUCT , AND WELL WORTH THE MONEY !!
 I got this gadget a couple of weeks ago . I really like all its functions and everything works well EXCEPT the function giving sunrise / sunset / and hours of daylight . Mine has n't changed its readings in the last two weeks -LRB- ca n't be same sunset / sunrise times for two weeks - confirmed on line -RRB- . I am waiting for a reply from LaCrosse Tech support .
 I 've had the product a month , and it is as advertised . Simple to program , accurate temperature readings . Jury is out on the ` little man ' and his weather predictions . He 's predicted rain way more than we 've experienced . However , it 's summer , and he may be confused by the summer thunderstorms .
 the device works well , although the daily sunrise times stated for phoenix are actually 8 or so minutes earlier than they really are . not to worry if you want to wake up and see it for you will have lots of time to be ready . the sunset times are accurate . perhaps it is because we live in the desert but the weather man is not accurate in totality . maybe he needs acclimation to the environment , but we do find him amusing . the temp readings are why we purchased this item and it does a good job at this . the figures are also easy to see . all and all , not a bad piece of technology .
 I like this weather station and its seems very accurate . Easy to see from many angles , shows indoor , outdoor temps and indoor humidity . Also current date and precise time due to atomic clock . I kind of like the little weatherman and his weather outfits , but my wife could due without him.Overall very happy with my purchase
 I have had this for about 9 months now and have had no problems . Love the extras like keeping track of the min / max temps and showing sunrise / sunset / or daylight hours . My kids especially like `` Oscar '' as we have named him . I even catch my 13 year old sneeking looks in the morning to see what he is wearing . Have had many positive comments from guests and freinds that see it .
 Though basic set up was a little confusing and time consuming it all worked out great . My wife loves to look and see just what the Little Man is wearing in the morning before she starts the day . The readout is clear and easy to read and you ca n't beat Amazon Customer service . They went the extra mile to get this product to us as promissed .
 This weather station was everything that it promised to be . I wish I had payed attention to the fact that it doesnt forecast the weather though . It would be nice to know what it will look like for the rest of the day at least -LRB- with high/low , etc -RRB- .
 The weather station was relatively easy to set up and is very enjoyable as well as informative . However , I would prefer that the humidity that is shown would be an outside humidity . I do n't really need to know the inside but the outside would be nicer to know about . Otherwise , for the price , it tells me a lot about the weather .
 This clock/weather station is perfect when I have to figure out what to wear in the morning as well as getting ready for my run for outside . Gives me an accurate reading outdoors , and the cartoon man `` dresses up '' for the current weather conditions -LRB- e.g. , holds an umbrella and wears a rain coat if it 's raining , scarf blowing if it 's windy etc. -RRB- . The display is large so I do n't need to put on my glasses to read it . I have the sensor on my deck in the back yard , so the range is good . The only thing I did notice is that in order to sync the sensor with the display , it 's best to do it next to a large window , such as a sliding glass door or even outside . But once , I had them sync 'd , I was able to take the display anywhere in the house and still receive a signal .
 This product performs a advertised . We are very happy with this purchase so far .
 -2 Stars-Just Got this unit two days ago . Got it setup and rolling . Everything works great except for Oscar . For some reason when it first connect , Oscar work great until I come back an hour later and saw him wearing his Black outfit holding an umbrella . Well , some will say it 's about to rain DUH ! So , I 'm staring outside right now and it 's not even close to rain . Beautiful blue sky in Cali LA , 90degree outside , and Yahoo weather show a bright yellow sun . Now either Oscar is high of his mind or he 's telling me next year forecast . By the way he has been holding his umbrella for two days straight now and not change one bit . Great product at showing numbers but bad animation.EDIT
 worked very well for the 1st 10 month . . but I have little trouble reconect after replacing battery .
 Love the product . Only thing is that the screen could be bigger so it can be seen from a distance .
 Bought this for my boyfrind for christmas 2 years ago . Working great !! Just ordered one for his parents . Great product .
 This weather station stays in my bathroom so when I 'm getting ready in the morning I know what temperature it is and if it 's going to rain . The little man is so cute when he changes clothes based on the weather . Have bought several of these as gifts for friends and family .
 We have had no problems with the forecast station . All seems to be working well . The instruction book is a challenge to read and understand .
 Bought as a gift for a golfer who checks the weather before playing ... a real success ! Thanks !
 Was looking for a weather station with temperature , barometer and humidity and this fit the bill . Thought the man with various outfits was corny , but it has proven to be relatively accurate and gives you a quick indication of the direction the barometer is heading .
 I received this weather station a number of weeks ago and began the setup process . I found it fairly easy and straight-forward after reading the manual . I live up in midwest Canada where its colder in winter and our sensors our reading nearly dead-on accurate . -LRB- I have 2 remote sensors within .2 to .4 degrees -RRB- . Atomic clock linked nicely although it took a while . Weather we have nicely follows the pressure indicator and the weather boy dresses accordingly . Have n't had minus 35 or 40C yet but we are very pleased so far . Also when I received my extra sensors I had everything linked and running normally within a few minutes after the battery re-install . No problems so far and would defintely recommend !
 There are sooo many options when it comes to these devices . Cost was a consideration but wanted features and some fun too . So far , so good . The unit was easy to set up . It took a little bit of time and attention but instructions were plainly written . I worried about the walls and such between the ` north facing ' area of the house where the outside transmitter sits and where the station is but the temperature is accurate and there seems to be no problem with the radio signal . The distance is about 50 feet . It took less than a half hour to setup and gives lots of good information . Seems like a real good deal for the money . We 'll see if it lasts.A month later -LRB- 2/4 -RRB- The princess loves this device and it is performing perfectly . Changed my rating to 5 stars .
 This forecast station is pretty nice . I like the look of it , it 's easy to use , seems to be fairly accurate , and just plain works well.What I particularly like is the little character on the screen . It gives a touch of `` fun '' to an otherwise normal display.Overall , the product works well , and I would recommend it to others .
 Oscar -LRB- the name of the little guy in the LCD panel -RRB- is your friend . This is a great little device to get a quick check of the weather before heading out . If you just want a quick glance , then you can generally tell by how Oscar is dressed . They dress Oscar 's picture differently depending on the temps . We ended up loving this device more than we ever realized we would . * Note
 I have had several other brands of wireless thermometers and none seem to match up to this one . I like it so much that I got rid of two of mine which were not this type and bought 2 more . I like having the features , including the atomic clock , date and the little guy who changes his outfits according to the weather !
 Like this a lot . Acts as a clock and weather station , plus looks nice . Comes in really handy for &#34; anytime &#34; weather report .
 Lets me know when to turn on the dehumidifier , living in Haiku , Hawaii , we get a lot of rain . East to install .
 This unit has a light weight and compact design which makes it easy to display almost anywhere . The digit display is noticeable up close and accurate in a moderate climate . Battery life is not known however the unit ships with the first set of batteries included . All in all , this is a nice novice weather reporter for the price .
 So far this weather station has worked great . Our child loves checking the forecast each morning and evening as well as the moon phases . It was a bit tricky to program it but I would recommend it for young weather enthusiasts .
 What can I say this item is every thing they say it is . Easy to setup and accurate in all readings .
 The LaCrosse Technology forecast station was exactly as described on the amazon site . Excellent quality , It is a very detail weather station that makes a perfect gift for anyone . Great price through Amazon . Fast delivery .
 This weather forcast station is exactly what i wanted . I am very interested in the outdoor weather , especially , and this meets my interest perfectly . I would heartily recommend this weather station to anyone interested in keeping an eye on the weather .
 Love this ... bought it for a gift ... it tells you everything you need to know about the weather for the day everyday !!
 This product performs admirably and has all the functions one could want and often does n't find except in higher priced units .
 this is the second one of these that i 've gotten and both family member recipients LOVE them . for people who enjoy knowing/talking about the weather , this product is a great daily companion for a reasonable amount of money . i 'd recommend this to anyone .
 I 've owned several weather stations , but I like this one best . We keep the outdoor sensor in the backyard . Through rain and wind , it keeps on ticking . Nice to be able to tell what the temperature is outside.Where this product fails is the little man . He 's not infrequently off . He 'll tell me it 's going to rain when it 's bright and sunny outside , or that it 's sunny when it 's actually raining . However , he 's a nice addition to the usual boring weather stations and the kids have taken an interest in observing the weather because of him . Sometimes , when they are dressed inappropriately , I can check the little guy to see if he 's dressed right and then point out to them that he 's got a coat on . It helps that they do n't often notice when he 's wrong!I like the the atomic time feature , so that at least one clock in the house is always right . And the indoor/outdoor temperature readings are spot on.It 's a great concept . Wish the little guy would dress appropriately more often , though . He 's not always wrong , just sometimes . _________________________________ UPDATE
 We love our weather station at the office . I have 2 others models from La Crosse and have been satisfied . This new one was very low price with lots of features by comparrison . Best value in my opinion.My office staff got a kick out of picking a name for the young man in the middle . We settled on Bernie . We had a huge celebration the first time he came out wearing his swim trunks . That laugh alone was worth the price of admission.Bottom line ? Go for it ! What 's the cost , $ 29.95 or so ??? Better yet , buy 2 of them . You will want one at work and at home
 This small unit does what the more expensive models does with inner and outer temps , humidity readings , and icons on a temperature man for the coming weather outside .
 I thought I had ordered a larger version of this item which I had seen at a friends house , but it has everything that I was looking for in a `` mini '' weather station . Very impressive !
 I got 3 of this item at $ 14.99 when Amazon big sale on this.Before I bought this , I carefully surveyed . . all amazone review . . La Crosse website etc. . . This Swiss made sensor is very accurate as I expected.Also , the outdoor sensor unit also very good working and sensor signal very good !
 This has been a good product thus far . The only thing that seems a little amiss so far is weather boy 's predicion of rain . Sometimes his prediction is the direct opposite of what 's happening outside at the current time and per the weather forecast.Otherwise this is a good product for what it is . I really like the indoor humidity reading so I know how to water some of the indoor plants .
 There are plenty of reviews for this item but to add my comments , this has to be a steal at the current Amazon price of $ 20 . Works as advertised . No problem with the unit picking up the outside sensor something of which I have trouble with some previous units . I particularly enjoy watching the length of day change as it is now over ten hours compared to just under nine around Christmas . The biggest drawback is the display could be better . You really do need to be looking straight on it or the LCD units get kind of shadowy looking and fade , not that it 's unreadable . For this price , I think I 'll buy two more for gifts and get the free super saver shipping .
 I purchased two of these units for my house . One is in the kitchen the other is in my bedroom , both units read each other 's transmitters so I know what the temperature is ground level and 1 floor up . That little guy with the coat is pretty accurate , umbrella for rain , coat for cold , scarf and coat for really cold . You do n't have to set the time which is great too , it gets a radio signal from the Ft. Collins time transmitter
 Item was exactly as described and it is fun to see how the `` weather boy '' is dressing for the day 's events . I bought it for my husband as he lives and breathes the weather channel . He loves the 15 day forecast.highly recommend .
 Works great . Battery life is long . Transmistter finallay died after direct watering from a hose .
 Because the weather station does so much and after reading some of the reviews I was a little apprehensive . I could not be more satisfied.The set-up was quite easy to understand and it was up and running with very little effort . We live in an area that has nice , sunshine days and occasionally evening thunder showers . In the AM the little man is standing under the sun with his hammock out and in the afternoon his hammock is gone and he is holding an umbrella . Right on little man.The time is broadcast from an atomic clock in Colorado so it is right on.I could go on and on but suffice it to say that the weather station does what it is purported to do . Money well spent .
 This unit was very easy to set up and has a good visual display . It gives you everything you need to know about inside/outside temp and weather . I bought this for an elderly person but the display is a little too busy for him and he has to study it a while to figure out what he is looking at . He also has a problem when picking it up , he hits the buttons on the side and ca n't figure out how to get back to where he started . For the average person though it is very good . One of the pluses is that it can work with two outdoor sensors and they are selectable so you could have one in the shade and one in the sun . one minus is that the outdoor sensor is very sensitive to being in the sun which gives you a much warmer reading that actual . I had to put a cup over the sensor to give it shade so it reads correctly . Other than that I really like this unit .
 I bought 2 of these `` Weather Stations '' for $ 20 each.Now I can see the temperature inside my greenhouse and outside from the bedroom . Everything is working good 2 months already.Both of them show correct temperature in Celsius . Difference sometimes is 0.1 - 0.2 ^ C when they are standing one by another.I think it is the best item of the kind for the price.I recommend you to buy this Weather Station.I am planning to buy 2 more for my friend . He is jalous now. : -RRB-
 I have a La Crosse weather station almost like this so when I saw this one on sale , I grabbed it . It has even more functionality than mine . But ... it is smaller . In fact I did n't know how small it was until I got the package . It is about the size of a 5x7 frame . It is a little small to see if you put it on a wall . If it was as large as mine , I would have given it 5 stars . I do like all the information it displays and of course it has the great feature of being wireless for outside temperature readings . I also thought the packaging was a little frail and oddly shaped - it made me feel like something was missing out of the package .
 This innovative piece of technology is perfect if all you need is a sampling of the outside temperature , indoor temperature and relative humidity . You get more from this nifty piece of equipment though . Sun rise , mid point and sun set times . Moon phases and to top it all an atomic clock ! I 'm very pleased with this kit . I have two sensors working outside one which is shaded from the sun via a canopy -LRB- a good idea if you do n't want a false reading -RRB- and both are sending information to the main unit flawlessly . You can see if the unit is receiving the signals OK . Setting them up was a breeze -LRB- pun -RRB- but do n't think you can get away with slapping the batteries in an fixing the sensors to an outside wall . You need to read the set up instructions first or you will waste a lot of time bringing them back in and resetting them . By the way you can run very effectively on one sensor which is supplied with the main pack . I got sort of conned into purchasing an additional sensor because the info on the main pack -LRB- at least what 's advertised on the net -RRB- did not explain that there was a sensor included . So I spent $ 14 more for an additional sensor . However I 'm glad I did because it makes interesting comparisons for me about temperatures in the sun and in the shade . The graphics on the main unit are great and they actually work . My little guy was all wrapped up , including scarf and cap with snow icons and the barometer arrow falling and even a little snowman stacked next to him denoting snow on the way even before the TV had started broadcasting it . So yes , I 'm delighted with my purchase and check it every day for signs that the weather is going to improve from the nasty cold stuff we 're experiencing at the moment .
 I 've bought three of these as gifts over the last 6 months and never a disappointment ! For a first weather station it 's great ... very complete , good size character presentation ... and the price is definitely right ! One of my gifts was for my 93 year old , weather loving grandmother and she just loves it . She can move the outdoor receptor around her garden as she likes . The weatherman has become the new man in her life and his current outfit has become the opening of all our phone conversations . When she goes to live with her daughters in Winter months she can take her companion weatherman in her pocket ! So simple !!
 LaCross has great products and for the price , we think it is awesome !! The weather station is small but you can read everything quite well .
 Very happy , cool looking , accurate ! Just be careful if you 're dusting to make sure the alarm button was n't touched . A few times already my alarm rang when I did n't set it to . Very happy customer .
 My husband received this for Christmas . He is thrilled and it works great . He looks at it every day beforework and throughout the evening .
 works great ... must read the manual if u want the external sensor to work !!!
 This is a good product and as discribed . It was delivered in a timely manor.i would buy this again ...
 La Crosse Technology WS-9611U Wireless Sun/Moon Weather Station with 15 Advanced Forecast IconsOnce I understood the manual , it works wonderfully . The little weatherman changing outfits is totally innovative .
 PRODUCT WAS DELIVERED QUICKLY . I BOUGHT AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT , SO I 'M NOT SURE HOW GOOD THE PRODUCT IS .
 I received one of these weather forecast stations several years ago as a gift and have enjoyed it so much that this year I gave two of them as gifts . I really like having so much information ; time , indoor/outdoor temperatures , indoor humidity and phases of the moon , on one device that can sit or hang most anywhere.The sensor gets the time from the atomic clock so you know that is always right on and when you find the right place to put the outdoor sensor I found it to be accurate . The figure dressed for various temperatures is just fun .
 my old sensor dead after 4 years usage , instead of buying the replacement sensor for fourteen dollars , I choose to buy another set for twenty five dollars with the same model of sensor so my old receiver can still function.I put the new receiver upstair , outside the bedrooms , so everybody can see it . the new receiver display more information than my old one , it works like a weather forecaster , I can prepare for the weather change
 Love the little Weather man , but Im not yet sure how to `` read '' his predictions.I 've had several units simular to this , but I like this one best of all -LRB- so far . -RRB-
 I purchased this weather station to replace my 6 year old weather station that finally stopped working . Besides being accurate for inside and outside temperatures , it 's fun to watch the little `` weatherman '' change his garb when the termperatures/weather changes . This is much better than my old model , which only displayed the time , date , indoor and outdoor temperature . Easy set up - a great value for the money !
 I love my La Crossse Ws 9611U . Its working just great and keeps me up to date on inside temp and humidiy and outside temp and conditions.Sunrise and sunset times are a bonus .
 I almost did n't buy this because of the little guy `` Oscar '' on the screen , but the reviews for how easy it was to set up convinced me to try it for a Christmas gift to my parents -LRB- both are 80 years old -RRB- . Not only does the weather gauge work perfectly , my parents are always commenting on what `` Oscar '' is wearing each day -LRB- and any changes in wardrobe he makes during the day -RRB- . They love it ! I can imagine what young children would think about the little guy and his outfit for whatever the weather prompts him to wear . I recommend this gauge for all ages !
 The only issue I had was that the first one I received had a bad remote unit . I spent 2 hours playing with the batteries in the two units until I gave up . I recieved a replacement within a few days and bang it 's been working fine for about 3 weeks now . The icon of the man with clothing and an umbrella does not really relfect the weather forecast sometimes . The temperature seems acurate which is all I wanted . So for the price I would get it again .
 First off , this thing works . Second , I am kind of sorry I did n't find money to buy even more options . But for the price I am thoroughly delighted with a working outdoor sensor giving me current temperature and an inside thermometer/humidity reading . The little man icon is kind of icing on the cake . Calendar and sunrise are nice . It 's a compact worthy desktop addition . My first go-round with setting it up was clumsy . Then when I had fresh new batteries in hand I decided to change to fresh -LRB- supposedly will last a year -RRB- and reset the station . The second go-round went much smoother and I suspect any problems I had with originally setting up the station were my own problems , not the unit . My recommendation is to buy this one if you want an economical weather station that works . But if you can afford more options , go for one that provides temps , humidity and perhaps a heat/chill index for outside . I 'm saving up and looking for such a unit now .
 We purchased this item for our kids . The weather in Northern CO is often surprising , and I would always provide them with a `` what to wear '' recommendation when I wake them up in the mornings . I 've installed this in their bathroom and NOW , while brushing their teeth they consult with the `` weather boy '' for how to dress for the day . I 've also printed out a larger copy of the `` outfits '' that `` weather boy '' wears so that they can look on the back of the door to de-code the iconic clothing and symbols.It 's fun and our 6 year old tells us ; `` weather-boy has n't lied to me yet ! `` I 'd rate it a 5 star if it were larger ...
 I got this weather station for my kitchen as I had bought 2 similiar ones for Christmas presents and I liked them . Aside from the indoor/outdoor temps it also tells indoor humidity , date , time , what time the sun rises and what quarter the moon is in ! I love the little boy who either dresses warmer or with less clothing as the temperature goes up or down . If it 's going to snow , he has snowflakes around him and if it 's sunny he has the sun over his shoulder -- so you get the weather in a ` picture ' as well . It 's a lot of information in a small space . Love it .
 I bought this for my 7 year old daughter with the intent of mounting it on the side -LRB- inside -RRB- of her -LRB- very tall -RRB- loft bed . Just a little something to look at first thing in the morning to get an idea about the weather . We were pleasantly surprised by just how much we got for the money.First off ... over the years we 've owned several weather stations , including complex exterior systems . In all cases , you MUST read the manual before you set these things up . Temperature sensors should be placed in a protected area - OUT OF DIRECT SUNLIGHT ! You ca n't just leave these things in direct contact with the elements or they will not last long -LRB- as noted in some of the comments -RRB- . If you follow the instructions for set up , I think you 'll have no problem . Just put the batteries in the sensor first then QUICKLY install the base batteries . Should be all set then ... `` Oscar '' the weather guy is not always accurate , but it 's close enough to make for good conversation . The sunrise/set times are based on major cities , which is fine for us , but may be not so great for more rural folks ... but c'mon ... for the price is that really an issue ? In my region the clock sets itself automatically every night . One final benefit is the backlight . My daughter uses it as an `` on demand '' nightlight since it 's mounted right near her pillow.For the price this is a great little device . Just make sure you are careful about where you locate the sensor and how you set up the components . Just read the manual ... it 's actually detailed and well written .
 This is an amazing , inexpensive little weather station . The little boy weather predicter is almost always correct in giving the direction of the weather with a clever graphic ... that 's the fun part . The only criticism would be the difficulty in reading the graphics at an angle . You do need to look at it head on . The good part of that is the signal from the receiver is strong enough to give you a lot of flexibiliity of where to place the readout .
 I purchased weather station for my daughter to use with her 2nd grade class . It has now been in service for a full school year and has proven to be a big hit with the kids . The weather station and Oscar have provided many opportunities for the students to develop their math skills -LRB- recording changes , accuracy , graphing , fractions , etc -RRB- and the obvious application to science . The students all look forward to being the `` official '' recorder of the day . This weather station has proven to be tough enough to withstand a full year of 2nd grade use and excitement and seems to be ready for more . AND IT 'S FUN !
 Since there are mixed reports on the quality and longevity of this product , I want to throw my experience into the ring . I purchased it in November 2008 , and it 's been working fine since then . I have replaced the batteries in the outdoor sensor twice and in the indoor receiver once . I can tell the batteries need replacing in the outdoor sensor when the indoor receiver starts to lose communication with it and displays '' -- '' periodically for the outdoor temperature . I have the outdoor sensor mounted under my carport where it is not subject to sun or precipitation .
 I consider myself a weather nut . I own a Davis weather station with its own web site , and follow the weather religiously each day.I wanted a little `` weather station '' for the bedroom , a step above a simple outdoor thermometer . This thing is really cool . It has a built-in barometer that detects rising and falling pressures . Like all weather stations , except those that receive forecasts from an external source , it uses that information to predict the weather . That is the purposes of the `` little boy '' display . Rain/Snow clouds will be shown if the pressure has been falling along with him holding an umbrella . His attire is determined solely by the current outside temperature . The unit does not predict the temperature for the day -LRB- no weather station does except those that receive broadcasts from weather sites -RRB- . So if you wake up and the temperature is 40 degrees or less , he will be shown wearing a scarf even if the high temperature is going to be something like 70 degrees . Of course , his attire will change through the course of the day as the temperature outside rises/falls . The outdoor temperature sensor seems accurate . It is usually within 1-2 degrees of my main weather station . Like all weather stations , you should try and keep the outdoor temperature sensor out of direct sunlight to avoid wide temperature fluctuations.The unit also has a clock that receives 915 MHz WWVB shortwave broadcasts . This keeps the clock accurate.One pleasant surprise is the theoretical battery life . According to the manufacturer , you can expect a 2 year running time in both the indoor station and the wireless outdoor temperature transmitter . Having owned a similar Sharper Image station whose batteries I had to replace every 5-6 months , I sure hope that is true.Finally , the unit activates an LED backlight when a button is pressed , shows you the moon phase , sunrise time , sunset time , sun duration , date , indoor temperature and indoor humidity . It also has an alarm clock , although I have never used it , and will record the min/max temperature for both indoor and outdoor sensors as well as the min/max for the indoor humidity sensor.For me , this ranks as one my best purchases for the money . The unit does everything it advertises and does it well .
 I purchased this item in January 2010 to replace a window mount thermometer . Our house os a new construction house in the direct sun so outside window mounts are VERY inaccurate -LRB- example the day I changed the thermometers it read 95 degrees and it was snowing outside . -RRB- I thought the set-up was easy . The temperature was slow in reading the accurate temperature ... it took about 4 hours finally reach its correct outside temp.I have been using this for about 4-5 weeks now and it is within 1 degree of the television weather . I have the outdoor mount in a corner under a stair on our back porch . As I had mentioned before our house is in the direct sun in any direction so this is where I could shade the transmitter from the sun and weather.The display is large and clear . I have it sitting on my window sill by my sink . You do have to be right near it to read the temps but that is fine with me.The boy is a cute addition and his clothes are pretty accurate for what the weather calls for.The indooor temp is exactly as out household wired temp states.Overall , if you are looking for a good wireless temp gauge for a family this is definately a great choice . I do n't understand the people complaining it is inaacurate because I have not found that.A note ... If you are a weather enthusiast and moniter various barometers , humidity , etc. ... this is probably not the right choice for you as it is not sophisticated enough.Hope this helps !
 Bought this for my wife for the bedroom . We love it . Nice to check the weather before getting out of bed to walk the dog at 6 am . Good value . She loves the outfits on the little man .
 This rain gauge was easy to install , works fine , does n't malfunction ... in other words it does exactly what it 's supposed to do . And it 's reasonably priced . After our utter fiasco with an Oregon Scientific rain gauge - and with little or no help from the company - this was a welcome relief !
 Works very good . I am now trying to find a good location for the gauge . It measures almost everything that &#34; falls &#34; .
 Seems to work really well . I never had any of the problems with it calibrating or resetting , as mentioned in some of the previous reviews .
 I bought 10 units from this one ... all for my friends and they are totally happy with it . The only problem is that they only works with inches and not MM .
 I bought this item becouse of my location , washington -LRB- rains a lot -RRB- . The rain gauge works great , easy to use , acurrate based on stations near me . the manual explains real well how to use it . makes me want it to rain even more .
 I found the rain gauge easy to set up and performs well andand was surprised at the range that iot operated / LaCrosseWS = 500TWC Wireless rain center
 It 's a gift so I have not opened the product packaging but it looks fine and arrived with no problems . Sharon Thaman
 This is such a great product . Love watching the inches tick up on rainy days from the comfort of indoors . I do n't have to wait for the rain to stop to know how much rain we are getting .
 I bought this gauge about 9 months ago . It is mounted about 60 feet from the receiver and it picks up the signal through window glass and around a small obstruction . I 've compared the gauge readings with the television weather report and they often match within 0.1 '' , so mine is very accurate.Pro
 I bought this wireless rain gauge to keep track of the rainfall for my garden . A manual gauge is O.K. if you keep track of totals . When I first set it up -LRB- per the instructions -RRB- , the display had nothing but lines -LRB- no zeros -RRB- . I went through the setup several more times but still no zeros -LRB- indicates lack of communication between the gauge and the receiver -RRB- . I removed the cover on the gauge and checked the battery contacts and found that the AAA batteries are loosely contained in their holders and the cover could be installed without making electrical contact with the contact on the cover . Some folded electricians tape wedged between the second battery and the case ensured contact . Replaced the batteries in the receiver and unit came to life . A test pour of some water showed the unit to be working .
 I bought one of these when they first came out . Liked it so well I bought two more as Christmas presents.Only problem I had was that at first I tried to mount it on a metal base and it would not work . I made plastic mounts for the two I gave as presents and they also worked fine .
 Easy to install and use , this rain center is so much fun you want it to rain just to watch the display move . It was a gift to my husband who always wants to know how much it really rained , you know , not at the airport but at our house . Since it is self-emptying , you always get an accurate record . I would highly recommend this rain gauge .
 I have two of these rain gauges and both are splendid items , work as advertised . Strongly recommend their purchase .
 A neat and fun rain gauge . You get to see how much it has rained without leaving the house . You can let it record for a whole month to check monthly totals , and since it does n't retain the rain water , it can be left out in colder temperatures !
 This is very easy to install and set up . I have it installed out in the open , 4 feet off the ground right next to an `` el cheapo '' , plastic , water collecting , rain gauge . The kind with numbers printed on it . After a few rainy days , the La Crosse consistently measured lower precipitation than the manual gauge . Upon close inspection I find the `` teeter-totter '' rocker mechanism is actually touching the side of the housing for the electonics . This may be causing enough resistance to the movement to cause a lower reading than it should . I 've tried putting some lubricant on the offending side wall but need another rainy spurt to see if it did any good.The electronics are very good and the transmissions never drop out as they do for some of my wireless temperature monitors . Range is excellent .2 / 17/2011 Update after a few rain storms : After the minor adjustment mentioned above , this unit 's accuracy is excellent ! It 's within .02 '' of the manual rain collector I have next to it and as reported in the local newspaper . I could n't be happier with product !
 This blows the Speeco , out of the water . Splits Oak with no problem , I run out of gas long before it does .
 THis product is terrific , overall . Northern Tool did not send us shipping information as promised , but were nice when I called them , and went to great lengths to get me the information . The splitter did take a while to put together but the manual was good , except for not stating the size of the bolts to use . The manual should be improved in that way . The Honda started up great and quiet , but the splitter did not operate at first . TUrns out that the set screws in the coupling were not tight enough . Luckily my husband ` shoots bugs ' and figured it out . Then we tested it out and powerfully split 1/2 cord and loved the machine . It 's rugged and well designed . THe exhaust goes to the ground , but putting a piece of plywood or masonite against the axle deflected the exhaust away , and you could n't even detect it , while working . It is a great design , including going from horizontal to vertical easily , and rolls on its wheels easily , too . We highly recommend this product .
 This feeder holds a lot of seed , the birds like it and it 's easy to clean
 It is just as described . Very easy to fill , which is great for me because I fill my feeders often . Very happy with it .
 Nice big size , easy to fill , birds love it but the hanger came off the first time I filled it and have had to repair it with a knot and tape ???
 The title says it all . So many ugly bird feeders cost $ 40 and up . Why spend so much for so little ? This feeder and others made by Garden Song look nice in my backyard and are easy to refill . Also , very little seed is dropped by the birds and the squirrels seem unable to break into the feeder .
 my large 3 tube feeder was ruined in a wind storm so i replaced it with this one it 's very inexpensive easy to fill and the feed lasts longer and the birds love it and the top has stayed on through some pretty windy days great value would reccomend
 After reading the reviews of other purchasers of other types of bird feeders -- squirrel proof not actually being squirrel proof , other feeders rusting and falling apart , etc. -- I was persuaded to buy this one . I bought two of them at the same time to save on the shipping and handling charges . I am DELIGHTED IN EVERY WAY with this purchase . It is light weight , durable , rain proof , holds a metric ton of seed . More delighted than I am , the birds just love visiting these feeders . More than the birds , my cat is entirely delighted as well . All the activity around these feeders is like watching kitty TV for her . Nothing is ever wasted . What seed sprinkles on the ground attracts larger birds who visit to scavenge . My only complaint is that sparrows are rather drab little creatures -- wish they were a tad more colorful ! They be like flowers in a garden because they visit by the dozen ! This purchase was woth every penny I spent -- and it did n't cost all that many pennies ! You should treat yourself to one or two of these !
 I have found that this is undoubtedly the best bird feeder I have ever had . It holds a good amount of seed so you do n't have to keep filling it so often . The biggest advantage of this feeder is that it is virtually squirrel proof when it is used with a dome that is sold separately . I bought one initially and have since then won three more .
 This is the best all-around bird feeder I have ever purchased ! Very little waste , easy to fill , easy to clean . Works with all kinds of seed mixes . Rotate the perch to break up clumps and freshen the seed . For less than $ 17 delivered it put all those other fancy ones I 've purchased to shame . I 've tossed them all except for my Finch thistle tube . I now have several in my yard . This is the third year for my original Super EZ Feeder and it 's still in great shape . It 's a `` good buy '' and I highly recommend it .
 I am stationed in iraq.There is so little life to look at.So I bought this feeder.I like watching there be new life where before there was just empty sand .
 A good bird feeder . It is easy to load with seed and attracts a lot of birds . Attaches to a tree or stand via a looped wire . It can be dumped over by a red squirrel , though , as has happened to me a few times . I have bought two of these feeders . They are worth the relatively small expense .
 We replaced a 10 year old pump , that we run all year incentral PA , with the same one . It is working fine .
 A doormat should attempt to clean dirt off off shoes , which this one does . See Youtube on Grassworx . Product is made in the USA . I think the Astroturf is attractive in the taupe color ; it blends in with my brick-colored stoop . I think this model is more attractive than the one with the black rubber frame . I like the large size - 24 x 36 inches - which is not available in any stores near me . I hope the item lasts for a few years - if not , I 'll update the review .
 The product is for outside or from the garage into the home . It cleans your shoes well and is very durable . I needed a little larger one so I bought this one . I have five of these -LRB- 3 -RRB- for many years with no visible signs of use . Well worth the price .
 This is the second time we have purchased these door mats . We had dark gray and blue gray at our other home , but taupe for here . They wear well , actually scrape off dirt and debris from the bottom of your shoes , and shake out and wash off easily .
 I use these under my cats ' litter boxes and they trap much more stray litter than the mats available at pet stores . Easy to clean -- shake them out into a plastic bag and you 're done .
 I love my garde3n flag for winter . I have 2 pugs so decided to get all seasons pug garden flags .
 Previously had a Weed Eater brand electric weed wacker that was outstanding , and lasted 25 years -LRB- ! -RRB- Finally cried uncle and broke in two seperate places . Wanted to go electric again because I buy electric power tools over gas whenever possible . Do n't like buying gas , spark plugs , tune-ups ... etc. . Bought this unit to replace broken unit . Paid an amazing price for it at my local Ace Hardware . Not disappointed . It 's a great unit ! Lots of power . Cuts great . Easy to use . Line bump feed works great . Only one complaint worth mentioning that prevented a five star review . It 's a little short for taller people . I am 6 ' 1 '' and have to bend over slightly to use the unit . Lower back gets a little tired from this . Otherwise , I love using it !
 I burn through one of these every two or three years . I do have a bit of trouble with the string refusing to release , but this is the lightest weight and easiest trimmer I have tried and I hate to be with out it . I go through three acres of land with it and it is the only trimmer I can use that does not ruin my back or simply wear me out.I have used four other brands and none of them work for me . So if you are a woman who ca n't stand the weight of the gasoline or a battery added to the heft of a trimmer I suggest you try this one . I like it so much I have a new one in the barn just waiting in case I need it . Cherie Cook
 This product is becoming hard to find in local stores . My wife does the trimming and she find this product to be the ideal weight and uses it as `` the model '' when looking for replacements . We have owned 5 thus far and even gave one to my daughter . Excellent service , delivery time , and overall product for our lawn .
 This shipped quickly , good price , well packaged , and we love it . It is light and a bit shorter so that it is easy for a woman to use and the average man will find it comfortable to use too . Very happy with it .
 This trimmer is the best ! I had one previously for over ten years before it wore out . `` Bump-to-feed '' the line is the way to go ! Others that auto feed just waste line and your time . I love this trimmer !
 These Cranes are beautiful and have alot of detail . They are an excellent weight that feels substantial without being cumbersome . They look great by my pond . I am very satisfied with them , the description describes them well and I do highly recommend them .
 These cranes enhance my garden . Well worth the money , they came to me packed well and add a great addition to my garden .
 Just got it in the mail today ... looks exactly like this pic ... except it is pretty small ... definitely NOT the size of a real crane -- maybe a baby crane . Looks great in my koi pond , but I only wish it was larger , as this is dwarfed by the daylilies and plants around my koi pond , so it does n't have as much a striking `` presence '' in my backyard.I guess I 'd better really read the specs before buying stuff online next time .
 Very nice looking , solid feel.The one with the bent neck arrived broken , and not because of shipping . The head and body are made as two pieces then welded before finishing . The weld failed and the head fell off ! Lousy Quality Control . Other than that I was happy . -LRB- I fixed myself because I needed for a gift , you can barely tell it was repaired -RRB-
 I 've used these in the past and they have always worked . That said , I did n't have a huge bug problem before but I 'm a stickler about any insects in my house . I decided to drop a couple of these in my crawl space and cleared the house for the afternoon . This was in the summer , and along with outside spraying I have n't seen anything moving inside since . I plan to put these in the yearly rotation . I agree with the other positive posts , this thing works !
 Worked as described , killed the ants in my 1500 Sq foot rental unit . Did n't leave a bad smell and was easy to use . I 'd recommend it .
 Well , to begin with , take your pets to the vet for a nice flea bath . After , you must strategize when and where to set these babies off or you just might end up running around the house breathing in these toxic fumes -LRB- I wore goggles , a hoodie , a mask over my mouth and nose , latex gloves , jeans , and tennis shoes -RRB- . Follow the rules on the box.There will be some duds . It happens.It did n't kill all the fleas . Perhaps it just flushed some of them out . But all in all , it goes after pests .
 I have an office in an outbuilding which is an old horse barn on an old slab foundation . There are plenty of openings for every kind of nasty bug to get in . It was a real problem keeping the floors clean and keeping the cobwebs -LRB- spiderwebs -RRB- down . I bombed the place with these -LRB- particularly under a raised floor in my office -RRB- and the only thing I have seen for MONTHS is dead bugs . I had been using pheromone traps in every corner which were full weekly -LRB- pill bugs , cave crickets , centipedes , beetles , spiders -RRB- and now I have nothing.I plan to use these again in the Spring . I do one in the main space , one in the attic and one under the raised office floor . No more bugs !!! Awesome !
 I do n't own a pet so it puzzels me when I started getting flea bites on my body . On the first night after used the first fogger , I got two new bites . I used second fogger on the following night and now it seems to do the trick -LRB- fingers crossed -RRB- .
 The fogger was difficult to use and was not as effective as it declared on the box . Some spiders remained unscathed
 I was very impressed with the effects . I tried a different fogger last year with minimum success . The cat brought fleas again this year -LRB- might be the same ones from last year -RRB- and I decided to try the Raid fogger . I got six of them and set up 1 in the basement , 2 in the two rooms on the first floor , and 3 in the two rooms on the 2nd floor . I turned them around 7 PM -LRB- the chemical effect is pretty cool and gives you about 20-30 secs before it starts producing gas -RRB- . I came back around 9 AM to open the windows and came back in the house around 1 PM -LRB- at which point the smell was gone -RRB- . As a test , I set up a flea trap at the same time . It 's been a couple of weeks , but the only things it 's caught are some flies.EDIT
 This is one of the more expensive ones , cost about 12 bucks for a pack of three but is well worth it . I get huge brown recluses in my garage all the time and needed something powerful to lure them out and kill em since they hide in small places . I peaked through my garage window to see if the fog was working correctly and counldt even see anything in the room because of all the fog . A sure sign its going to kill everything .
 Do n't waste your time like I did with others . Use this product and be done with insects for months . I suggest putting one to a room leaveing the air running and staying out of your house for at least two-three days . I do it when I 'm going on a trip so that it really sets in on everything . I 'm telling you , nothing lives . It has worked for me up to 8 months at a time , usally around 6 . I even use it in my garage and storage areas.I 've been through a lot of different ones , but when I found this I have n't looked back . I 've been using it now for over 5 years .
 My mom used this stuff every time we moved into a new place . Never had bugs . Sometimes if a friend / / family we knew had issues we 'd recommend it and the problem would go away . KILLS ALL TYPES OF BUGS PERIOD . When I moved out on my own I would buy cheaper `` foggers '' -LRB- sometimes even the same Raid Brand -RRB- , but none of the foggers work as well . You have to use the Fumigator from Raid . You add a little water in the cup , drop the fumigator in , it reacts with the water , leave the house , and then come back latter and no more bugs . Leaves no residue -LRB- will set off the fire alarms -RRB- or harsh lingering smells .
 This is easy to use and it lasts about 6 months . I occasionally will find dead ants inside long after I fumigated .
 I absolutely agree with the other reviews . When I go on vacation I do the same thing ... set these fumers . I also Fume my garage about every 6 weeks and I do n't get roaches in the house ! Here in Texas we have huge and persistent roaches . I keep a stock on hand like most people keep sugar and flour !
 I use these in my old law office to keep bugs out and have no complaints at all . No bugs , no hassle , and these do not leave a lot of residue on the furniture . Happy
 When ants follow trails , you can usually track them to the point of entry and use a spray . But when you 're dealing with ants that wander aimlessly and avoid bait traps , this is what to reach for.We previously had infestations of such ants in our bathrooms , which was odd given the lack of food . We set off the fumigators right before heading out for the evening , making sure to stay out of the house for the required 3 hours . The fumigators did n't just kill the ants , it chased them away . There were no li'l corpses to sweep up and no re-infestation over a year later.Most recently , our kitchen was invaded by another army of wanderers , some of whom traveled inside our gas range . One fumigator and 3 hours later , they had bugged out -LRB- intentional bad pun -RRB- and have n't been back . Since it 's a smoke , it does n't leave any aerosol residue behind .
 This stuff works if killing bugs is your desire . Be sure to follow directions and get your wings flapping as soon as you ignite the element . It does what it says it will do and if you stay in the room you will be on your back with your legs in the air too ! Did a great job in my storage unit which was riddled with web making many legged types . Not anymore !
 I have used RainBirds dripline system for over 10 years and have learned two things ; try to buy your parts from a Rainbird dealer since the quality is higher and these 1/2 inch Rainbird Barbed Couplings always work . Note , other 1/2 inch couplings never work : -RRB- I found the same coupler at -LSB- ... -RSB- and shipping was only $ 3 versus $ 9 on Amazon.Good luck ...
 I needed this quick because my lawn watering system was down . A squirrel had chewed through one of the 1/2 inch lines . I did n't loose any plants .
 THis is a pretty fountain . It makes a nice sound . It is resin/plastic but looks like an old fountain hand pump . It could sit on a deck or on a table .
 The coloring of the flag is wonderful and the picutre is very vibrant the only downfall is that the flag is smaller than the one I had prior to this one . It is smaller than other small flags that I own .
 I bought this for my self , as I am a BT Lover !!! So cute , I would love to have a BT flag for all four seasons !
 This flag was great esp . for boston Terrier lovers . I gave it as a gift . The service was excellent and it came speedily , esp . at Christmas time with all the rush orders .
 However , one of them did arrive with a hole punched through the side , just like a forklift might do to such an item ...
 When I first started using these files I was amazed at how well they sunk into the chain as I was sharpening . I had been using files from a retail store for a couple of years and not used to using files of such better quality . Definitely superior materials and workmanship in these files .
 Although this grill is a little bigger that I would have liked it does a great job . I plan on taking it South for the winter for convenience . Great quality of material and workmanship .
 Cooked steaks on this grill last nite , the first time , and I have to tell you that they turned out so juicy . And tender . Had been cooking on the stove top , and they were always somewhat dry . Not with the grill . Thank you Looking forward to cooking pizzas on it .
 I read the reviews of this product before my purchase . They were very helpful . I made the order and am pleased with the grill . I took the advice of other buyers and purchased a heavy duty extension cord as my outlet is not close to theserving space . Grillin ' is so much better now ! I sprayed the grill piece with PAMand clean up is dishwasher easy . Also , love the color ... all in all ... a great deal .
 This grill is awesome . I allow the wood chips I have layered on the pan below the heating element to collect the drippings from the meat and vegetables I grill to generate a `` real '' grilled flavor . I do not clean this grill after every use , only wire brush the grate . I expected the heating element to run inside of a metal `` pan '' as seen on the other Meco Grills for the even heating of the grill . This grill however has an oven-like coil setting above a `` reflector pan '' . The first time I cooked on this clean grill the results were less than satisfactory . However after I went to the store and bought a bag of Apple Wood chips and sprinkled them on the reflector pan beneath the heating element this grill transformed . After the wood had charred and began to soak up drippings from meats and vegetables from cookings prior , every time I fire this baby up , within 5 minutes the `` coals '' begin to smoke and smell just like a regular charcoal grill.Cooking with the hood on the grill is important ... The grill heats up much faster and cooks at the proper temperature with the hood on the grill . Cooking with this grill makes some excellent meats . The taste is there , and the tenderness of the meat makes this one of the best grills I have ever used . And this is coming from a guy who has never grilled with anything other than a oak/mesquite wood fired grill/barbecue prior to apartment dwelling.GREAT GRILL ...
 I have always liked food cooked on the grill . When I moved into my apartment , this grill was the ideal choice . No gas or charcoal grills allowed because of fire . It heats up quickly and cooks the foods in the same amount of time as gas . What is nice is that it does n't flare up like a gas grill .
 Really love this grill . We use it all the time . No more worries about running out of charcoal or propane . With the cost of propane these days , this electric model pays for itself in a very short time . We are very glad we bought this grill and recommend it to the many campers who see us using it and ask about it .
 We have a patio , and this grill is perfect for us . It works great and we have had lots of grilling since we purchased . I would recommend highly .
 Meco/Aussie Lock 'N Go Electric Grill , this is the best Grill I have ever owned heats up in minute I will never have to buy another propane cylinder or charcoal nor lighter fluid again great for camping or for the patio cooking . !
 The grill heats faster and gets hotter than any of the 4 or 5 I have had in the past by various manufacturers . Assembly was n't exactly simple but I did manage it . -LRB- One caveat about buying anything discounted
 I purchased this grill in the 1990 's when I lived in an apartment that did not allow the use of charcoal/gas grill on the patio . This grill worked perfectly . I did use soaked mesquite wood chips to enhance the flavor . What I love about this grill ... it can also be used as a charcoal grill by taking out the heating element/parts -LRB- and I recommend lining with aluminum foil -RRB- . I have taken this grill with me to parks and used charcoal to cook with ... . so I do n't have to use those yucky park grills . When done , I can carefully leave the charcoal in the park grill and let this grill cool off . The lock and go lid makes transport easy.I think you will like this little baby .
 We were looking for a grill that we could use on our porch area and also one that could be used in the extreme drought area that has a burn ban . This grill does a great job and although not exactly like gas or charcoal results . gives pleasing `` grill '' marks and fast results . I recommend that the inside bottom be lined with foil as suggested by manufacturer for easier clean-up .
 It is the best electric grill I have ever owned ! Leave some fatty residue on the botton , it gives your food some added flavor .
 I bought this for my 75 yr . Old mother to use on her patio . She prefers an electric grill for less mess and ease of use.I 'm sure that tis will be perfect for her .
 My first electric grill . Gets really hot and cooks well . I love this grill . Easy to clean.Just plug in and it 's super hot in 10-15 min . Use it on my deck every week .
 delivery was fast . easy to assemble . I live in a apartment complex and could not have a charcoal or gas grill . perfect for my balcony .
 I love this grill ! I 've grilled burgers , chicken , ribs , shrimp , kabobs , veggies , peppers and fish - all have turned out super tasty . No mess of charcoal , no hassle of propane - just plug it in turn it on , grill your meal , turn it off and you 're done . I covered the bottom in foil and placed a layer of wood chips under the coil . Ten minutes before starting the grill , I mist the chips with water . As meat grills , the drippings drop onto the wood chips , seasoning them and giving the food that authentic smokey grilled flavor and grid lines . I 've used it several times a week all summer long and it 's still working wonderfully . The lock-top makes the grill easy to carry and store .
 I live on the second floor of an apartment complex where gas & charcoal grills are not permitted . This is the next best thing ; I did a lot of research & this is the best thing in the market for what it is ; a real grill , albeit electric . It heats up quickly & grills rather well . The only thing is that it will take a couple of meals in order to season the pan that lies under the heating element - like a cast iron pan or a gas grill lava rocks , as it builds up burnt drippings it will act as a charcoal & flavor your foods . Its big enough to cook a meal for 3 or 4 people . I have cooked T-bones , burgers , chicken & steak tips . Its a 5 star in the world of electric grills , because it actually is a grill & not a fancy electric press like the George Foreman or anything else . -LRB- it just wo n't completely replace the flavor & experience of open flame grilling .
 I can not believe that an electric grill is this awesome . Most electric grills are similar to the George Forman products , that can in no way rival true outdoor charcoal grilling . I was skeptical at first , but decided since it was only $ 60.00 and charcoal and gas grills are forbidden on the patio , I 'd give it a try . My grill heats up to a sizzle in less than 1 minute . I grill shish kebobs and seafood . I even smoke chicken and ribs , as well as grill them . I line the bottom of the grill with foil for easy clean up . I soak wood chips for an hour or two and then place them in 2 aluminum hotdog trays -LRB- the height is just right -RRB- I found at the local 99 cent store . I place them under the heating element . I , then add some of the liquid drained from the soaked wood chips to the drip cup . I put a sheet of foil on the grill and stab slits for the smoke to come through . I set the grill between medium and high . With the use of a digital thermometer I purchased from QVC , I can smoke my meat for 2 - 4 hours at the approriate temperature , occasionally spraying my meat with apple juice to prevent drying . The result is meat that is flavored and grilled just like it was done on a charcoal grill.Tips
 I bought this for an upstairs apartment where gas and charcoal grills are n't allowed . I LOVE the way it cooks , it 's just like having a charcoal grill , the food tastes just like it would if I cooked it on one.The only gripe I have is that this thing took a HORRENDOUS beating during shipping . I utilized the `` free super saver '' shipping . It took over a month to get , and I had to go through 3 hours of customer service to make the shipping free like the website says . They may have fixed this by now.When I assembled it , I had to beat the components back into a circle with a hammer so the lid would fit over the pan . It still does n't quite fit right , but , it is still functional , and the only grill of it 's type that I was able to find that was not a `` contact '' grill . George Foreman has nothing on this.Also , the instructions that come with this product recommend that it be used outdoors only . Make sure when using a cord , it 's rated for at least 1500 watts . I found one that was rated for 1875 watts and it works great ! This thing will make a lot of smoke INSIDE your house , if you choose to use it indoors .
 We live in a condominium and local building codes do not allow grills with open flames . This grill is a good alternative . It cooks quickly and the results have the same qualities as if done with real flame with one exception
 This grill is wonderful . Even though you ca n't tell from the pictures , it is a real outdoor grill , just like a charcoal grill , but electric . I cook everything fron chicken , to fish , to burgers and hotdogs , to grilling vegetables . Even though it is portable , it has ample cooking space . It can also be converted into a charcoal grill . Clean up is easy . I line the bottom with aluminum foil , and use cooking spray on the cooking surfice . It cleans with just a sponge . I highly reccommend this grill , especially for apartment living !
 This grill is very easy to use and does a great job of cooking what ever you put on it . Does the same as a larger grill only in a smaller size . With the adjustable control you have option of cooking on a high heat or slower on a lower heat setting . It is a perfect size for cooking for two to three people . Does a great job on steak , fish and chicken and of course hambugers and hotdogs . Only problem I have found is that on high heat setting the wood handle on the cover does get hot . You learn quickly to always use a potholder .
 I 've used the grill several times now with excellent results.I used it to cook hot dogs , baby back ribs , chicken thighs , burgers , and even a whole chicken . I even use it to reheat pizza and Chinese take-out foods . Everything comes out perfectly delicious . I highly recommend this grill to all campers and RVers .
 I always compare a few products before making my purchase . Here 's what I was considering : Sanyo HPS-SG3 200-Square-Inch Electric Indoor Barbeque Grill , Black . This grill was very affordable , had many , many rave reviews , and seemed like the perfect choice . Then I found thisMeco/Aussie Lock 'N Go Electric Grill , Hunter Greenand there was no turning back ! The Meco/Aussie grill had a cover , was powder coated ! , was round , heats up quickly , and had a higher rated heating temperature . The Sanyo grill did n't come with a lid , took a long time to heat up , and felt less like a regular grill I was looking for . NOTHING will ever beat the classic fire grill , but if you have to have an electric grill like I do for a small apartment , then this is KING . This grill can actually be converted to a regular charcoal grill with some new legs and a charcoal pan order from the company itself . I 'm considering doing this as well . The grill heats up fast and you actually feel like you 're doing some real cooking . It 's not as hot as I 'd like it to be but again , it 's not a charcoal grill . Throw someCharbroil Hickory Wood Chipsin a foil to add some flavor and also some awesomeFire Wire Stainless Steel Flexible Grilling Skewersand you 've got yourself a great meal !
 I purchased this grill because of the good reviews and because I want the outdoor grilling experience without messing with charcoal or gas . I tried out the grill for the first time tonight ... salmon and grilled vegetables . Excellent results with the hickory chips added per the instructions . The grill heats up quickly and performs extremely well . I highly recommend this product .
 My apartment complex only allows electric grills , and I was hard pressed to find anything in stores easily ... a quick Amazon search pulled up this Meco grill , and I promptly ordered with high hopes . For the most part , it delivered ... it 's basically an electric stovetop but with the grill grate above it . The food basically tastes like it came off a grill -- I 've made shish kebobs , grilled fish -LRB- in foil -RRB- and seasoned chicken and it turns out nicely . Good for apartment use , and cooks for about 4 people . Directions to put together leave a little to be desired but all in all , a great purchase .
 This was a great purchase for a deck grill - not big and not to small !
 If you like London Broil you will like this grill . It cooks the meat tender and does not take a long time . My friend say they can not cook it so that it is tender . My husband is the cook for this and it comes out tender . Great for other foods too ! We love it !
 My second Meco . Love the adjustable gratefeature and the easy way to dispose of charcoles.It is well constructed and the side tray is conveniently located and very usable . Can be folded down for easy storage
 For the past 20 years , the only gril worth BBQing on . Ligtht it , smoke it , love it .
 I can not understand why Weber grills are more popular than ones like this . The grill being adjustable is very very useful , its square shape more sensible , and , for the price the grilling space is larger . Further , the construction is very sturdy .
 First grilled received had extensive damage -LRB- was n't usable -RRB- . Second one recived had some dents but at least was functional . Packaging material does n't provide much protection during shipping . This is a sturdy grill with three insulated height adjustments -LRB- can adjust heights while grilling without risking burns -RRB- . By adjusting one side of grate could cook well done , medium and medium rare steaks in the same amount of time . Large cooking area make it suitable for indirect grilling , e.g. brisket , or other large cuts of meat . Have had five different meco swinger grills in the past 20 years and they are second to none . Cheap imitations can be found at various stores but get a meco swinger if you demand quality .
 Having lost a couple cats over the years ... I was looking for a sign for out front to warn passing cars to watch out . This one definitely fills the bill , it is about as large as a regular street sign . Coupled with the 30 mph speed limit sign the city finally put up maybe will help the kitties stay safe . A little expensive but is durable and metal .
 High quality sign that , after six months , still looks brand new . Neighbors love it.Good experience with the seller .
 Needed a sign in our driveway to warn anyone coming in to watch out for our cats . Wish it was reflective , that would help with night driving .
 Nice metal sign and its easy to read . I have mine attched to my shed in the back alley . This is not a flimsy tinny sign like some . I would recommend this product .
 This is a very high quality sturdy sign . Just what we were looking for . We have it on the door entering the house from the garage so people remember to open the door slowly because of our cats . Nice bright color .
 Despite the negative review on this grill , I took the risk and bought two for a school barbecue due to the excellent price on Amazon -LRB- $ 19.99 -RRB- . I am very glad that I took a chance with this model . Neither grill I ordered was missing any pieces , and the instructions were easy to follow . The only challenge was to place the hinges on correctly but the graphics on the instructions are very clear . I preferred these grills over two permanently installed open charcoal grills that ended up cooking me as well as the meat ! I found that I never ended up closing the lid when I grilled because I was n't very good at controlling the fire and it would get put out . If you 're a skilled bbq chef you might prefer something more sophisticated , but if it 's for something as simple as a school barbecue , this model did the trick.The only negative part I found was that my friend tightened the air vent screw on too tightly , and upon heating , the metal air vent piece expanded and was very difficult to turn open/closed . Also , I 'm guessing some people would mind the bright red color but I did n't find it so bad .
 First set lasted 4 or 5 years , love the net sets , work for all occasions !!!!!!!! !!!!!!!! experience with this item is great !!!! !!!
 I thought they would be a little bigger than they are but , you wo n't believe how much faster leaf pick-up goes when you use them . Great product .
 These claws do the job in places that are awkward to use a rake . They are also easier to store , and using them provides a variation on the type of exercise I get when I rake leaves .
 You have no idea just how much these ` hand rakes ' will help clean up leaves and weeds that you have piled up . I can fill up a leaf bag or trash can in a flash . They pick up so much with one scoop than you could ever do with your hands alone . A clever and terrific product .
 For the price I really was n't sure what to expect from these `` lawn claws '' , but I must say they kinda make scooping up my neighbor 's leaves that always end up in my back yard a lot easier than I expected . I 'm very pleased with this product , but only wish I had discovered them a long time ago . Amazon comes through for me once again ! ~ Thank you Amazon !!
 These are a great idea . Works well , especially with fall leaves . They are actually sturdier than I thought they would be for the price . With the low price and a bit of skepticism , I ordered two sets . Will probably give one set as a gift since they are better quality than I anticipated .
 Happy with our purchase . Makes quick work of leaves . My husband and I can use them which is a plus .
 Used them for the first time this morning . Picked up lots of leaves quickly . Need someone to wear the claws so i do not have to do the work
 I used my lawn claws leaf scoops for the first itme the other day and I was very pleased with them . I am using them with my new leaf shredder and they work quite well . I would recommend them to anyone who has a lot of leaves to pick up .
 This pair of leaf scoops are great for picking up leaves you have swept into piles . I bought them because I really hate the noisy polluting menace of leaf-blowers during the Fall , and prefer my yard work to be a peaceful pursuit.They are lightweight , and have elastic straps to put your hand through . The straps are removable via Velcro patches , presumably to avoid getting them wet during cleaning . Also might come in handy if the elastic perishes in a few years . I tried them with gloves and without . My preference was to use them without gloves , but that 's just a personal choice . There 's plenty of room under the elastic straps for bulky garden gloves.Their light-weight is an advantage , but I do n't think it would take much to break one , especially the claws . Note to designers - I 'm not convinced that the claws are even necessary for these scoops to work.If you prefer to deal with your leaves the old-fashioned and environmentally sympathetic way , these scoops are a great way to expedite the job . I do n't think they will last me for decades , but at the price that 's not really a concern . Made from polypropylene , they can be recycled at the end of their service life .
 These make me look like some kind of lawn lobster , but they work very well , and it 's sure easier on my back to pick up leaves and twigs using them . I also purchased the Toro 29210 43-Gallon Gardening Spring Bucket and I wish I had gotten both years ago .
 I purchased these about a month ago and have used them twice already . I 've trimmmed my hedges and pruned my trees sincepurchasing them . It has made scooping a pile so , so easy and hascut my normal clean-up time by more than half . After reading the reviews here on Amazon.com , I learned that they 're not to be used to do some heavy raking and wo n't stand-up to harsh punishment . Use them for their intended use and they should last forever . Excellent purchase .
 These are nice . Yes shure the plastic that it is made of is not the strongest stuff in the world like some other reviewer said , But your picking up leaves ... not Nuclear waste !!! These are strong as they need to be and make quick work of picking up leaves . Also its nice to have the little rake fingers to gather up the pile .
 These lawn claws are the greatest invention for those of us who have to rake leaves every Fall ! I decided to try the product because of the low price and I am glad that I did !
 These are awesome . They pick up a lot of leaves at once . Do n't know how I got along without them . Should have bought them for Christmas gifts . I would highly recommend them .
 It is a handy device to pick up large clumps of leaves and place into large buckets . You can use it to rake up a few leaves to clean up around your leaf pile too . It is worth the price if you have a lot of leaves to manually clean up .
 Great product , these really do work . Scoops huge anmounts of leaves at a time , and really gets the job done quickly . Would highly recommend them . Five stars .
 Really like these . I used them to scoop up the leaves from the piles and into bags/cans . Even my 9 year old got into using them !
 These lawn claws were incredibly useful to us . We just bought a home with a decent size lot that is surrounded by trees . The claws helped us to scoop large amounts of leaves and general garden waste in a really short amount of time ; we filled about 30 to 35 large recyclable leaf bags . The claws turned an onerous job into something very bearable . We 're happy to be done for this year , but we 'll definitely be using them again ... Great product !
 These leaf scoops do make the task of picking up leaves a more efficient one . Can grab and compress so much more with the scoops than with hands or upturned rake . Makes the tedious task of fall leaf clean-up considerably faster and a easier .
 I love the lawn claws . It helps me clean my yard fast ! I enjoy cleaning my yard with the lawn claws .
 THIS IS THE BEST THING TO HAVE WHEN YOU ARE DOING YARD WORK !!!! THIS IS A WONDERFUL INVESTMENT , TO CLEAN UP IN THE SPRINGTIME IF YOU HAVE ALOT OF TREES !!!
 These are great for picking up leaves and other debris . They made the job go much easier .
 Clean up is a breeze with the claws . Even able to clean the flower beds better than with a rake .
 Love it ! Love it ! Love it ! You can pick up leaves in half the time .
 These claws are GREAT . I used them to pick up thatch after dethatching my lawn . You can pick up 5 times as much as you could with just your hands . The price was great & I got free shipping . If your thinking about buying them , do not hesitate . BUY THEM !
 Excellent product . I 've used an identical product from a different manufacturer and liked it as well , but it did not last as long as this item , which appears to be made of a better grade of plastic . Well worth the price . It is great for picking up grass clippings , leaves , and any sort of yard waste . Highly recommended .
 I am pleased . They make gathering the leaves much easier . The straps keep them on my hands . Not bad for a sale item .
 I have had a pair of these for years ; they never have broken . They are great for picking up leaves ; I do this job by myself and it 's so much easier with these leaf scoops . My neighbor borrowed mine and loved them too , so I got him some for Christmas .
 These lawn claws are awesome !!! I borrowed my neighbors one afternoon , and was so impressed with the volume of leaves you can pick up at once , that I had to have a set of my own . Useage of these claws greatly decreses the time required for bagging leaves . I would say it cuts the bagging time in half.I called both Lowe 's and Home Depot and neither carried the lawn claws . I searched the internet from the name imprinted on the claws and found several sites carrying the claws . Amazon.com had the product available and at the best price . I purchased 2 sets.I ca n't thank you enough for carrying this products and at such a great price .
 I bought these for my wife who has back problems . She says they are great for picking up leaves , weeds and twigs . We each have our own pair and I have three more that will be used for Christmas presents .
 I love this item ! I used it yesterday and I ca n't believe how much more I got done using these claws . I think they were the perfect item for a large leaf filled yard ! I tried using them with the band around my hand but I find using them as a double scoop , then mashing the leaves down in the middle into my leaf bag holder with them makes it quite fast working . Wish I had found these sooner ! Thank you !
 Ok everybody who saw that immediately thought
 Wonderful tool to use and it really helps in picking up the leaves after they have been raked into piles . Makes it easy to bag them for pickup . For years I struggled with tarps , using two rakes -LRB- to pick up the leaves -RRB- and trying to rake them directly into the bags ... finally help has arrived . Whoever invented them -LRB- I wish I did ! -RRB- deserves a pat on the back ! I 'm sure they would be a great help to load a mulcher .
 Just finished most of fall cleanup ; lots of leaves here in mid-Michigan . These leaf scoops were great . Could scoop up large quantities of leaves and scooped up wet compacted leaves fairly well -LRB- the latter broke our one rake ! -RRB- Ordered another pair today as are superior to raking . even if they break at the end of the cleanup season -LRB- no sign that they will -RRB- , at a cost of less than 9 dollars they are a bargain .
 I had a pair of these leaf scoops before but someone wanted them more than I did and BORROWED them . I forgot where I purchased them at and was thrilled that I located your Leaf Scoops after hours and hours of web searching . Thanks for an excellent product.Now I need to find the large scoop pan that previously purchased with the bear claws .
 This product should have been marketed a long time ago ! I love them . They do a great job of picking up a large quantity of leaves at one time !!
 I like using these lawn claws when I 'm cleaning my yard -- it makes the job go faster which is always a good thing ! Someone actually stole my last pair -LRB- that guy wo n't be rehired ! -RRB- so these are a replacement . They pick up well and hold it so you 're not dropping debris . They get a lot more than you can with your hands and it 's easier than with the rake and your hands . I would recommend them for anyone who wants to get yardwork done faster .
 Great help with picking up leaves i do wish they were a lil larger tho . They kept up with the rake !
 If these were invented 25 yrs ago I should have gotten them . So much easier then scooping up with hands to clean the leaves .
 I bought these for my mom , who 's an avid gardener . She is always moving piles of debris and leaves and is very excited to have this help . The only pitfall is that the straps are stretching and are not very tight . You have to grip tightly so that they do not slip off . However , wearing garden gloves will likely help .
 For the price , everyone should have a pair of these ! What a timesaver to pick up that pile of leaves , acorns , twigs , etc. . And , not have to worry about slimy wet leaves , bugs or spiders being in the pile !
 What a great idea ! Someone requested it as a Christmas gift and after seeing them , I decided I wanted a pair for myself !
 Makes it easier to pick up a lot of leaves at once and get them in a bag or trash can without dropping or losing them . I had to go to the store and buy a similar pair this year because my neighbor borrowed mine and I never saw them again . Guess they liked them pretty well too .
 It helps a lot in picking up big stacks of leaves , and prevents scratches to your hands . A clever invention .
 When purchasing this item i was skeptical that it will actually work quite as described ... well i could n't have been more wrong . This is one of the best tools I have purchased for my yard . Living in the South we have lots of trees and lots of leaves , this lawn debry scooper has saved me so much time bagging i cant even begin to explain it . I can load double the bags in half the time . Main thing to remember is you have to get the bag start with small scoops then you can really start dumping big scoops into the bags .
 If I had a nickel for every time I got my jacket sleeves dirty scooping up leaves , I 'd have enough money for drycleaning . At any rate , this great invention works beautifully when trying to get those blasted leaves in the lawn waste bags . They 're actually fun to use and are well-made and will last for a loonnnggg time . I watched a neighbor using these &#34; claws &#34; and had to get them for myself . If you have leaves , you 'll need these .
 Great for quickly getting up leaves and pine needles & thorny brush !! Fits all hands - makes cleaning up the yard easier .
 There are two reasons the lawn claws are great for bagging or shredding leaves :1 . You can pick up 3 or 4 times the volume of leaves that you can gather with your gloved hands alone , whether bagging leaves or dumping them in the hopper of a leaf shredder .2 . When you have bagged or shredded all but the remnants of a pile of leaves , you can use one claw to `` rake '' the remnants onto the other claw , rather than dropping the claws and going to fetch a long-handled rake to finish up.Also , I find that if you grip the claws back edges rather than putting your hands through the straps , you do not need to bend over so far when picking up leaves , much easier on your back.In fact , I would recommend that the manufacturer produce a senior version with short foot-long handles for older people who have lost flexibility over the years .
 I have very prolific pine trees . I made short work -LRB- 5 garbage bags -RRB- of picking the needles up this year . Love these !
 These leaf scoops really make the job of bagging leaves go much faster . Definitely worth the money . Best of all , there 's no moving parts to break or replace !
 I bought these based on
 Excellent product ! Very easy to use and they pick up leaves in half the time from conventional raking and picking up . Recommend it highly !
 I have a huge apple tree in my yard that drops many apples to the ground . Every year , I have to rake up the ` bad ' apples that drop -LRB- some of them drop with bites out of them already . I am guessing squirrels -RRB- . Then I have to bag the apples . When I saw the Lawn Claw , I thought it would be a big help in scooping up the apples to get them into a garbage bag . I was right ! It scoops up lots of apples at a time . The same tree will soon be dropping leaves , and once again the Lawn Claw will be a big help in picking up those leaves .
 These make raking the yard alot easier . Wish I could of found them in a store in my town .
 These leaf scoops are an outstanding value if you enjoy maintaining your yard while also pretending to be a dinosaur . These two scoops fit comfortably on the hand to facilitate leaf gathering and the expression of your inner T-rex . Bend and scoop for quick removal of yard debris , or lift them to the sky and sound your wildest RAWR - they work equally well for waving wildly at pets and children while making dinosaur sounds . Your neighbors will appreciate your tidy lawn and secretly envy your awesome dinosaurness . Also , they have a handy hole which makes them easy to store in your lawn shed -LRB- or evil dinosaur lair -RRB- when not in use .
 Great item ! I broke my last pair after many years of use and just had to have another !
 This review is not based on this particular item , but on a similar , English-made product I purchased many years ago . A maintenance gardener friend saw me using mine and wanted one but I could only find this . Mine scoops up amazing amounts of leaves or hedge clippings for transport to the compost or recycling bin . I had doubts when I bought it , but it is one of my most frequently used garden tools . My only criticism of the Poly Leaf Scoops is the color . It seems to me that being dark green it would be easy to mislay . Mine is bright orange.I am purchasing the Poly Leaf Scoop for my gardener friend .
 I 'm completely happy with these lawn claws . I did n't expect them to work as well as they actually do . I hold them not by the straps but just grasp the end of the claws and scoop up large mounds of leaves at a time . It 's surprising how much they pick up and it 's easy to drop the leaves into the large paper leaf/yard bags . They have significantly cut down the time I usually spend bagging leaves and that 's a huge deal for me .
 I love these claws . They are the best whether you are picking up leaves or trashThey are lighweight and very practical . I would recommend these to everyone .
 The design of these simple scoopers make the job of getting leaves into the bin or bag easy . If they hold up for a season , the expenditure will have been very worthwhile .
 I absolutely recommend this product . They work really well . You can pick up twice as much yard debris with these ! I had another pair of something similar but I wore them out . I was very happy to find these on Amazon !
 These are great for picking up piles of leaves , grass , twigs , etc. . They are especially helpful when picking up prickly stuff . They make a cleanup job much quicker and the `` tines '' on the end enable the claws to rake up the last remnants of a pile . Everyone who sees them wants a pair . Highly recommended .
 Bought these for my husband after a neighbor of ours brought his over for my husband to use . When my husband first saw them he thought `` yeah okay '' . After using them he said he had to have a pair . He was amazed how well they work and how much easier they making bagging up leaves ! Great price for a great product !
 They 're okay . They do the job , but you still have to bend over too much to pick up the leaves . I would probably like them more if I was in better shape .
 The one thing I hate about yard work is raking up leaves . These make that task A LOT easier since you can pick up 3 times as many leaves in the same time it would take you with work gloves . And when you get down to where it 's just a little you can use one to rake into the other . It works great in conjunction with our collapsible leave bag .
 I started composting this summer and I used these lawn claws to pick some old wet leaves . They were great because I did n't know what was under these leaves , since they were located in a wooded area . These lawn claws made it very easy to pick up the leaves . Good product !!
 These things are great !!! My husband did n't want me to get them and I have wanted to for years . He figured it was another gadget that would n't live up to the claims . Well , I am happy to say he was wrong . They saved me so much time . I used them to pick up leaves , drifts of grass cuttings , feed the hopper on our mulcher , distribute mulch to the landscaping ... they were fantastic . They saved me time , and my back a painful experience . Would definatly recommend to anyone .
 These are a great productivity tool and I will no longer dread the aftermath of Fall 's leaf glory . I raked and bagged up 4 bags of leaves in about an hour . These saved my back and my patience . Do n't hesitate !
 Fast and easy way to pick up large amounts of leaves ; easy to slide on the hands with elastic and velcro closure and also fun to use
 I thought these things wer silly looking but I thought I 'd give it a try and to my surpise they work outstanding . If you need to load up a garbage can or get leaves from under tight spots these claws can speed up the process . They also have adjustable velcro that make them fit snug on your hands .
 Picks up lots of leaves , prickly chestnuts . Very handy to have . Elastic band that fits around your hand is secure ; do n't see that you would ever need to replace it if it would stretch . But it would be easy to put in another elastic if you had to . Plastic is flexible but strong .
 These are SO good for picking up piles of prunings , leaves , etc. . I 'm saving my back , too , because I 'm leaning over fewer times . They can sort of be used as a rake to re-gather a pile so I do n't have to take them off as often as I thought I might . They work well on grass , concrete and gravel . The elastic 's not great , but it 'll be easy to replace when it breaks or stretches out too much . I 'm getting a pair for each of my gardening friends for Christmas !
 I had purchased both sets of these claws . This is for the bigger brush you have , and there is a smaller set also . I never cleaned up the leaves so fast . Great item . .
 I used these the same day that I received them . I have a lot of leaves and debris that has to be raked and bagged throughout the year . These `` gloves '' have made my job much easier and I can get the work done in half the time . My back gives me problems when do repeated bending and lifting tasks such as this . Cutting the amount of labor in half makes a big difference in how I feel the next day ! I also like the claws these have . Makes it easier to rack in stray leaves as I go .
 I like it . Comes in handy scooping up leaves and debris easily after raking them into a pile . The large volume scoops make short work of even a large pile of leaves with less spillage than doing it by hand or with the rake .
 That 's what we call them . I was a bit disappointed when I got the box . It was so light , I thought it was empty . The Lawn Claws seemed fragile , and I did n't think much of them . But once I started using them , I was a believer . Leaf-gathering is never going to be really enjoyable , but these hand extensions make it faster and at least tolerable . Better , all the kids wanted to try them , and they could manage to pick up quite a lot with each scoop . We had our $ 10 of fun and usefulness on the first day ... every other use will be gravy !
 This set of garden claws was purchased as an afterthought to qualify for free shipping . I gigured ` why not ' as they were well priced and appeared to be of some small value.I was surprised and delighted by the versatility and functionality of them when they arrived!The design is simple and straight forward - nothing hidden or needed to figure out
 I purchased these to help with a very leafy yard . I like them because they work like a rake , but you can pick more up in them . The handles are a little goofy , but I did use them often and think they are clever . I liked the idea of being able to scoop up a bunch of leaves , and put them directly into the open bag .
 They are ok , kind of hard to stup down , but it is ok . Ok , twenty words , what else can I say about this item . I used them a while and they work fine .
 I am so happy that I bought these ! I actually do n't mind raking leaves , but bagging them is always SO difficult ! These scoops make it much easier , and much faster ! They are lightweight , but not flimsy , and are n't so big that they are awkward to use.Let me recommend the `` Bagger Bin '' to hold your leaf bag upright and open , which makes it easier to get the leaves into the bag . It does n't look like much , but it is a brilliant invention ! Be sure to watch the videos that were submitted by other Amazon customers . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is incredible for picking up leaves . This task that used to take me over 20 minutes has been reduced to under 5 minutes now thanks to this .
 Great tool This is my second set -LRB- first one broke after much use and abuse lasting 3yrs ! -RRB- Would n't want to be without a set
 I bought this for my wife . She really enjoy it . It 's easy to pickup with the scoop action . The plastic is not a bad construction . Compare to raking and grabbing them by hand , it 's a time saver . Definitely will buy again .
 The handle breaks as did on one of ours after 5 years of hard use , then use Elastic looped thru several times and end knotted . Very comfortable and looking forward to another five years .
 great product my Father loves it.great product my Father loves it.great product my Father loves it.and gr8 price
 This makes picking dead leaves easier and actually kinda fun . My wife and son also prefers using this than a rake .
 this made picking up the leafs that i piled up much easyer , and saved me alot of time.what a handy tool to have .
 I love these leaf scoops , they make clearing the yard so much easier . If you clear your yard with a rake they are a must .
 The claw scoops makes picking up leaves easier.It is so fast and picks up a large amount at one time.You will love them.I had a set for years and bought another set for a friend .
 The reviews for these are all awesome and I totally agree . I hate yard work , do anything to avoid it . With the price and the reviews , I knew I had to try this since I could n't get out of the work this year.They are so easy to use in conjunction with a good rake . I was able to pick up so much extra leaves and clippings and actually get them in the bag without everything going all over the place . I had a bit of trouble with the it staying on my right hand but it was probably the way I was holding it and moving . My left never slipped and was never uncomfortable . I do n't have long arms so I was doing quite a bit of bending , but it was n't bad and I finished the task before any true back pain.Amazing product for the price !
 I ordered these lawn claws last winter after raking and bagging leaves during the fall . I thought I would not have a use for them until this fall when leaf season started . But I recently used them after moving a pile of fire wood from one location to another . They were great in helping to pick up all the scraps of bark and debris that had accumulated . They are the perfect size to lift the items and then lower them into the trash bin . Being a woman with little upper body strength the positioning of the bands where you insert your hands is the perfect location to give me the leverage I needed . I have seen other similar items but the hand holds were at the top instead of centered and I knew those would not work for me .
 You 've raked up a large pile of leaves and debris destined to be placed into a large plastic bag . How do get from point A to point B ? You can use gloved hands , a rake and one hand , a lawn vacuum of some sort , or pay someone to do it for you . Another option is a pair of these lawn scoops that enable the user to lift and transfer tremendous amounts of debris , far more than one can lift with his or her hands alone.I 'd been using a yellow pair of leaf scoops for years but recently one of the handles broke . Instead of getting more of the same , I thought I 'd try these green guys . They do pick up a tremendous amount in one scoop , and from pile to leaf bag very little is lost . Amount of pickup is about the same as the concave yellow leaf scoops ; these are n't as concave.It takes some practice getting used to the elastic Velcro 'd `` handles '' . I found I needed two hands to get my hands in those things . The scoops have n't fallen off of my hands yet , and I seem to have more control with these than with the yellow scoops.I like that the tines on these scoops are flexible and do n't leave much behind on the ground with careful raking.The Midwest Lawn Claws cost a little more than the generic yellow scoops . Are they worth the extra cost ? Probably not . But for easier yard cleanup a pair of leaf scoops is a must.This fine pair of leaf scoops was made in China .
 These lawn claws make a the tedious task of raking leaves a little less so . You can pick up quite a few leaves with these and the plastic tines are good at getting at leaves which are wedged into the grass . However , if you have a bad back , these are n't for you as you still are going to be a doing a lot of bending to get the leaves .
 I was skeptical when I got these but it only took two giant scoopfuls of leaves and sticks to make me a believer .
 You can pretend to be a bear with these ! Anyhow , they work as expected and I have n't snapped any of the tines off yet . For grass I wind up scraping with one , into the other . They do n't get to sit in the garage with my other failed purchases . I have even used them on the gutter by the curb to clean up the leafy , watery mess that forms out there after it rains . The hand straps could be a little more beefy , but they work fine for getting them on or off quickly .
 For anyone who has leaves to clean up that has tried to scoop them up with a rake or shovel and put in the bag - you need this ! They are simple and straightforward . Strap them on your hands , pick up the leaves , and put them in the bag . I do n't know how they will hold up over the long run , I have only used them a few times , but for what I have been able to do with them so far they were well worth the money spent . I have tried leaf blowers , leaf mulchers , and a rake/shovel combination . Nothing has been as quick and efficient as these are . You can even use it as a rake to get those last stubborn leaves from the pile !
 These are extremely handy for quickly picking up leaves . We 've used another brand in the past but the plastic handles kept breaking off over time . These are much better - handles are elastic with velcro . If they eventually wear out , it will be easy to insert a new piece of elastic for the handles . A + + + + +
 This product worked great , until I had back problems ; now I have to avoid repetitive bending . So I decided to use my light weight plastic 30 gallon rectangular shaped garbage container . I fill it with leaves , compact them and repeat the process until its full . I lay it on the chute of my Worx leaf mulcher and safetly feed leaves into it by hand and pick out small twigs as well . This process is faster and works great for me . if you have very good health , the Leaf Claw may be a better option .
 My husband bought these as an afterthought , and boy am I glad he did ! Picking up and bagging leaves has never been easier . We use these claws any time we need to clear our lawn of leaves quickly . We have a tree in our front yard that drops the tiniest of leaves , and then the neighborhood cats like to come along and leave us lots of presents in the piles . Cleaning up that mess is not something I look forward to . These claws pick up any size of leaf with ease , and it means we do n't have to touch the cat poop ! I do n't know how we ever did it before . The job is done in a fraction of the time , they take up practically no space , and they 're so simple in design that they 'll never break . Do n't waste any more time picking up leaves ... go buy these claws !
 For something so simple , these are absolutely great . My kids actually ask to help pick up the leaves , even the pine cones . We even had a fight this week over who was going to use them , so after the holiday excitement die down , i 'm ordering another pair . Who am I to withhold the fun from the kids.Only thing that would make them better -LRB- from an adult standpoint -RRB- is to somehow have handles on them to avoid having to bend over so far
 We have 10 + acres of trees , a truly big backyard ; no , more like a beautiful public park . But , our park has a sinister side , poison ivy lurks around the edges . So , in the fall , we have a lot of leaves to wrangle but occassionaly get exposed to poison ivy -- NOT fun . These leaf claws greatly increase our efficiency and help us avoid the unpleasant poison ivy exposure . -- In short , the product price is great , the product is truly useful , the online description is accurate , the delivery was prompt and not overpriced . That makes five of a kind , stars that is ...
 My mother-in-law gave me a pair of these years ago . They have been one of the best and most-used gifts that I have ever received . I searched for some to give my sons who now have homes of their own . When I found them , I bought myself another set as well . I never want to do yard work again without a pair . This particular brand and design are better than other similar products .
 I have a huge avocado tree that gives me bazillions of leaves to have to rake up and put in the compost pile . Well these Lawn Claws cut the work in half !! They are very adjustable for various sized hands and I bought four pairs , one for myself and three to give away as gifts . These things are great !!
 I bought these Leaf Scoops along with a WORX Leaf Mulcher , and they are a great combination . I use the scoops to feed the hopper of the leaf mulcher , and they 're easy to use , easy to handle , and they pick up the right amount of leaves for the mulcher.A standard rake is just too big and bulky for this operation , and using my hands only to pick up the leaves would have made the job take much longer . This is one of those products I kick myself about for not having thought of it myself !
 These lawn claws work just as I hoped they would , making picking up raked or blown leaves much easier and more efficient . I worry that the straps that hold them onto ones hands will wear out in only a few seasons .
 These really help cut back the time it takes to pick up and bag leaves . You can grab a large amount between the claws and keep them secure until they are inside the bag . The straps are adjusteable so they fit anyone . Great product idea !
 I bought these from Amazon last winter so I did n't get to use them for leaves until this fall . First , I do remember that they arrived in the mail really fast!I have a huge maple tree in my yard - hence a lot of leaves . I put the leaves in a wheelbarrow and haul them to the back of my property . These `` claws '' made a huge difference and much easier work this year ! I filled the wheelbarrow in no time ! And because they 're large and flat you can lean on them and really crunch down the leaves in the wheelbarrow to fit more . Then I stuck them in the sides of the full wheelbarrow and they acted like walls to hold the leaves in and keep them from bouncing out on the way . And then you can use them as a rake and dustpan for the last little bit that would take you forever by hand.Also , I used them in the spring to add landscaping mulch to my flower beds - Again they made it much easier and faster because you can just move so much material so much faster.One of my favorite things !
 These are the best thing since sliced bread and make the job go so much faster . When I have a large pile of leaves raked up , I slip my hands into the straps and can pick three to five times as many leaves as I can without the scoops , which greatly reduces the amount of bending over . When there are just a couple dozen leaves to be collected , I hold the backs of the scoops and use them like that -- saves the time of slipping my hands in plus I do n't have to bend over so far.Thanks , Midwest , for a great product !
 This is a simply constructed item that will multiply your work effort when you 're cleaning up yard debris.The green plastic `` claw '' seems to be constructed of a hard , yet somewhat flexible , polypropylene plastic . The claw is held to your wrist with an elasticized band that can be adjusted thanks to Velcro fasteners.The Lawn Claws work as you would imagine
 They make picking up yard stuff fun . So much faster and easier than a rake or your hands !
 Very rarely do I give a product 5 stars , but this one definitely earned it . Simple product but a great idea . We picked up about 15 bags of leaves in less than an hour . The same job last year took us twice as long . These are big enough to get a large volume of leaves but small enough so that you can still fit them into the mouth of a garbage bag . They even have holes so you can hang them up on a nail when not in use . The plastic is thick enough so that it is sturdy , but thin enough so that it 's lightweight . The straps have enough play so that you can use the claws with or without gloves . Overall quality product . Definitely worth the money .
 Purchased these for my WIFE ... who likes to do a lot of gardening ... At first she kind of laughed at these guys ... but now is one of the first things she grabs when she goes out to work in her gardens ...
 I 'm very happy with it . As I am usually doing yard work alone , this is what I 've needed all these years to lift up loads of pine needles & leaves . I will definitely get a LOT of use out of this item along with the Toro collapsible lawn bag . I wish I 'd had these things LONG ago !
 Midwest Quality Glove 45TA Lawn Claws Leaf ScoopsThese Lawn claws are a must . Scooping up leafs with your hands is a thing of the past with these scoops . They pick up a large amount of leafs and debris . There is no left over piles due to the claw edges you can rack up the pile . The cost is very minimal and a must have if you have a lawn to keep up after .
 I have always dreaded clearing piles I rake up . I also have a blower/vac but sometimes the bag gets to heavy to carry while you are sucking up leaves and yard debris . I used these yesterday and could pick up at least 3X the amount I normally could by just using my hands . Also its alot easier than using a rake to pick up the piles . My husband will appreciate these in the fall when he is usually the one collecting the leaves from our silver leaf maple that drops a ton of leaves that cover the front yard .
 These are great gadgets . After raking up leaves and yard debris I have to fumble with the large rake . These work great . Gave them as Christmas gifts .
 My wife saw someone using these and ordered them . They sure make raking leaves easier .
 Initial impression was disappointment given how small the claws appeared . That faded however because , if they were bigger -LRB- and you could mightly get more leaves -RRB- , you would have great difficulty in placing it in any standard leaf bag . As a bonus -LRB- the better than expected part -RRB- , the not-to-big size allowed my 4 yr old to take care of the leaf piles pretty well . The only negative is the straps . You 're not always holding the claws cymbal-like -LRB- ie perfectly parallel to each other -RRB- . Often you 're holding them in a V pattern , at a slight angle
 I love the Lawn Claws Leaf Scoops ! I received my first set as a gift a year ago which proved very timely as my husband separated his shoulder soon after and was unable to take care of the raking . Without the Lawn Claws , I would not have been able to get the leaves from our eight , 30 year old trees , bagged before the snow fell . They make loading the bags so much quicker , plus they help keep yours hands and gloves dry . I 'm giving them to my favorite people as Christmas gifts this year . I highly recommend them .
 If you have never used these , you should order and prepare to be amazed ! These scoops are so useful in the garden picking up leaves and garden debris . They are constructed so they are lightweight and fit any size hands . The plastic is tough so as not to break when scraping against concrete to pick up the yard debris . I have ordered these for Christmas gifts for the neighbors as they are always borrowing mine . A great gift for those who love to work in the yard .
 Worked very well . You can pick up a lot while you save your hands . Actualy you pick up too much to put in a leaf mulcher at one time , you must slowly feed the mulcher to work well .
 The older I get the more conscious I become that bending over to scoop up leaves and toss them into a bin can become tiresome -- and quickly . The old trick of dragging a bunch together with the rake , and then anchoring them with the free hand works after a fashion , but that extra long handle waving about can create a balance problem , and the steadying hand has severe limits on how much it can anchor to the rake . Lawn Claws Leaf Scoops solve the problem neatly . They are made of light but strong plastic , and fit comfortably over your hands even if you are wearing those cozy garden gloves that are our friends in the leaf scooping season . I reccommend this item highly !
 I 've tried lifting leaves with my hands , with two hands , with two rakes , etc. , and always left a mess behind . The Lawn Claws really work , especially in conjunction with a leaf shredder/mulcher .
 Received these earlier this week , right at the height of leaf raking season and put them to the test right away . I can pick up a huge amount of leaves with each ` scoopful ' , so much so that I have to slow down the feeding rate to my leaf shredder , but that 's it 's problem , not these scoops . Five stars for sure , and at a very reasonable price too !
 Save me a lot of time . . Actually cut the time spent in picking up leaves in half . Totally worth the investment and I will recommend it to anyone .
 Super simple but it works and makes getting a pile of leaves up and into a bag or container easy and fast . I blew my leaves into a giant pile and then strapped these on . You can scoop up 10 times the leaves you can with using a rake alone . The fingers hold them securely and allow you to grab and drop them as fast as you can bend over and close your hands on a bunch .
 I rake and bag a lot of leaves each fall , and for the past two years these scoops have made that job faster . I can fill a trash barrel with about 8 scoops and fly through a pile of leaves . When I run out of barrels I fill those paper leaf bags . That 's generally more of a pain than the barrels as the opening is smaller and the paper is prone to fold . It 's still a more delicate operation with these scoops , but they are sized to fit in the bag opening , and once I have one scoop of leaves in the bag it stays open and the following scoops are pretty quick and easy.For both barrels and bags this is a big time saver . I recently bought a 2nd pair for this season -LRB- big raking weekend coming up -RRB- to assist my wife and kids if/when they help the effort . Good stuff !
 Brilliant , Very good . Great invention , so simple and yet so effective . kids love using it as well which is great . Thank you .
 I 'm a property manager , so I 'm looking for a way to save time , energy and money . These are very easy to put on and off quickly , and even with them on , I can still move the trash can . They 're made well and they should pay for themselves in one season .
 This is the second pair of these I own . I purchased the first several years ago and my husband and I decided that a second pair would help us work more efficiently . They are amazing for scooping large piles of leaves and lawn debris . Do n't know what we would do without them !
 These are the greatest grabbers because you can use them two ways . The flat side as well for picking up piles of leaves in the drive or any hard surface and rake side for on grass or earth . Very cool .
 Could not find these anywhere ! Thankfully I thought to look here . My old ones I had been using for several years finally cracked and broke apart . I had them for a long time and used them for picking up piles of twigs and smaller branches to throw in the chipper . Now that I have a set again , I 've realized how invaluable they are for throwing leaf piles on the compost heaps . I 've also been using them to rake out leaves from between the milkweed in my rock garden because the house extends out far enough that the handle of a real rake bangs against it-a real short height area . These work wonderfully and I know they last a long time . So happy to have found them again !
 These are n't as comfortable as I would have hoped , and the spiney rake-like prongs are n't as stiff as would be ultimately helpful , but they do help you pick up more than your hands/regular gloves alone , are quite light-weight and fairly easy to use .
 I bought these for my daughter to help pay back Dad for the purchase of Jonas Brother tickets . We ended up picking up 20 bushels of leaves in no time . They clean off and store away easily .
 My sister fell in love with my lawn scoops , so I bought her a pair . I have been using mine for about 8 years now and the handles eventually broke , but they are still serviceable . I might have to replace them in another year or so !
 This is a product I bought on a whim . Thought it looked a little silly , but we needed help picking up leaves . The surprise is it works very well and is a great buy . I would recommend this to anyone who has a lot of leaves . Can also be used for picking up freshly cut grass , weeds , etc. .
 Where has this product been all my life ? I 've been bagging leaves for the last 25 years , ever since my mean parents decided I was old enough to do `` chores '' . A neighbor saw me filling up bags and came over to lend me her pair and it tripled my speed . Worked well on wet leaves as well . That night I went online and was delighted to see that I too could be the owner of this fantastic tool at a very reasonable price . Almost looking forward to next year 's leaves , but not really .
 I have the 24 ' x 52 '' intex pool from walmart and the filter/pump is just not enough for that size pool . I hated changing the paper cartridge filters , Plus they are expensive . I was told to get a sand filter and this was by far the best price I found on one this size . The shipping was great , it arrived 4 days earlier than estimated . The instructions really isnt the best , but other than that the product work great with my size pool . I would definitly recommend it .
 I was surprised at how quickly the pump/filter arrived . Well ahead of the given schedule date . I hooked it up -LRB- which really is quick and easy -RRB- and had it going in no time . I was a little concerned about the possibility of internal damage because the pump had a small chip on it . I have now had the system operating for nearly a month and have n't had any problems with it what so ever . It works very well and has been well worth every penny I paid for it . I would recommend it to anyone in the market for a good sand filter .
 I have had this system for about 2 years now . Running on a 18 ft above ground pool . Generally overkill for my pool but I do n't have to run it more than a couple hours a day . Works great , easy assembly and disassembly -LRB- I box it up for winter here in Minnesota -RRB- . I would buy again and have recommended to friends .
 We have only had it going for a few days , but so far we are very satisfied with it . It seems high quality and everything installed easily . we are using it for a large intex pool and it moves the water well . it is definitely strong enough to vacuum . It is fairly quiet . On/off switch is well located . hoses were a tight fit . The reviewer who used a hair dryer to soften them was very smart . My husband just used force , but I know I would have had to get out the hair dryer .
 Putting together was easy , though the instructions could have been clearer . Many thank you 's to the lady who suggested using a hair dryer to connect the hoses and to the guy about using half the recommended amount of sand and to rinse first before filtering . This unit replaced the cartridge unit I had which , though efficient it was very difficult to use at the beginning of the season due to the multiple cartridges used to clean the pool . Good value for the money , delivery was on schedule .
 This is exactly what I needed ! Great price , even with shipping @ only $ 321 . However , a friend up and gave me a matching system just an hour after this one shipped . Shipping it back would cost way more than Amazon was charged , sooo I 've got it up for sale myself in Albertville Alabama . I will take the $ 321 for it . Never used , still in box ! Still rate this as a great buy !
 Had pool open and ready to swim in one day . Live in a dusty area and this filter is just amazing . Best investment ever and very easy set-up .
 I am a 65 yo woman and I have an 18 ' round Intex pool and hated the samll cartidge filter it came with . It would stay fairly clean but hard to vacuum , etc. . I set this filter up today and am in love ~ !!! I hooked up the vacuum I purchased and it worked like it was supposed to -LRB- what a concept -RRB- . The water was crystal clear in 2 hours and the bottom clean . I am very impressed . It was slightly hard to install because the directions are not real clear , but if you have some mechanical ability , it can be done . One thing - the hoses were impossible to put on the barbs until I used the hair dryer to soften up the hose ends .
 filter is great dependable need a good sand filter this is it.maintenace is easy just empty and refill sand yearly .
 First of all I would like to thank the other reviewers for their comments . It helped me make the decision to buy this particular unit - especially after seeing some of the other products out there . I 've owned a house with an in-ground pool and it had a DE filter and what a pain it was to dismantle and clean . Now that I 've seen how a sand filter works , I do n't think I 'll have anything else.I attached this pump to my 18 ' round Intex pool . Assembling the pump/filter was a snap and special thanks to the lady who mentioned using a hair dryer to soften up the hose ends before forcing them over the fittings . I used my heat gun and it took only about 30 seconds to get the material soft enough to get it over the fittings.The directions say the pump should be plugged into a GFCI-proteced , 20 amp circuit and an extension cord should not be used . I 'm assuming the extension cord would generate heat with a corresponding voltage drop , thereby making the motor run hot . I 'm not an electrician -LRB- God bless those of you who are -RRB- and those are just my thoughts on it.I used the Zeosand from Leslie 's Pool Supply . Yeah , it cost almost $ 50 but you only have to use half the amount of what the mfr . says . After you fill the container half way with water , add the sand and then top it off with water to almost full . Attach and secure the multiport valve and your ready to go . I might add that when I switched on the pump , all of the dust and dirt that was in the sand already was pumped right back into the pool . I think if I had to do it over again , I 'd set the multiport valve to rinse and run some water through the sand and out the waste port . It would only take a few seconds and prevent that from happening.We live on a ranch and have well water with lots of iron . When I add the intial chlorine to the pool each year , the water turns a yucky brown/yellow . It would take about a week with multiple filter cartridge changes with the old system before the water would look clean . I started the pump at 1500 yesterday with the usual looking yucky water . After running the pump all night the water was crystal clear . Absolutely beautiful.Sorry for the long review . I think at the end of the year , I 'll post another review and tell you how it worked out.10-05-10 . OK , here 's the end of season review ; Yes , I 'd buy this unit again . It kept our Intex pool crystal clear all summer long . Yeah , we still had some algae but I always had that every summer at my old house with an in-ground pool . Frequent shocking kept the algae at bay but in a few days , it would come back . I let the pump run for about 7 hours each day.After 10 days or so before the pressure indicated that backflushing was required . At first I only backflushed for about a minute or so until the water leaving the filter was clear . I would use a pool vacuum and suck up all the dirt and other stuff that would collect on the pool floor and the filter returned clear water during that process . Well , one time while I was vacuuming , I could see cloudy water coming out of the return . The pressure was nowhere near that which required backflushing so I turned off the pump and opened up the sand chamber to look inside . There was alot of silt and junk and crap on top of the sand and I had just backflushed the unit the previous day . Reading the owners manual it said to backflush for 3 , 60 second cycles , waiting 30 seconds between each cycle . I did just that and man , that 's alot of water being pumped out onto the ground . When I resumed my vacuuming , the return water returned clean during the entire process.Last week I took down my pool and put everything into the barn for the winter . I backwashed one last time to clean the filter and then disconnected everything and scooped out the sand . I was surprised at how much crap was still in the filter that was not pushed out during the backflush . I dumped all the sand into a wheelbarrow and let it dry for several days before putting it into two 5-gallon buckets for storage . I was afraid that the filter would be too heavy to lift with all the sand contained within . The rest of the pump equipment got rinsed off and stored for the winter.I might try some regular sand next year to see if it backflushes any better than the Zeosand that I paid $ 50 for . At the end of the year you could just throw it out on the ground and be done with it and buy another 100 pounds next year . -LRB- The Zeosand used half of the regular sand amount -RRB-
 Works very well . Much cheaper than most sand filters regarding size . Electric Motor Warehouse shipped next day as promised .
 I have a 15 ' above ground pool and was not satisfied with the dinky little pump that came with it . It took several days to remove `` cloudiness '' from the water if it removed it at all . This wonderful product did it in a few hours . And when we left for a week of vacation and came back to some green growing in the pool , again it was almost entirely gone overnight . I would highly recommend a sand filter because it removes particulates much faster . With a quick backwash the top layer of sand that trapped the particulates is once again clean . The pump is impressively quiet . I also use a saltwater system and it hooked up to this wonderfully . I purchased the 19 '' instead of the smaller size in case we ever purchase a larger above ground pool . You will not regret this purchase . Take time to level the ground where this will be placed . I used some 15 '' paving stones and they worked great .
 I have an 18 foot diameter above ground pool and the filter that came with it was junk so i bought a cartridge filter and it was such a pain to disassemble to clean , lasted two years and started leaking and needed to be replaced . I bought this sand filter and what a difference ! So easy to clean and maintain . Just rotate the lever to backwash and all is clear and takes seconds with no disassembly of anything . Definately takes the work out of cleaning the filter . Went to the hardware store and bought sand and 1 1/4 '' pvc to create the plumbing . Love the built in strainer . Used PVC instead of the vinyl hose provided .
 I purchased on the 25 and received on the 28 and that was a Saturday!Awesome handling from the seller . The filter base is different from the one pictured ; it is more of a platform which is a little better . Setup was OK even with the vague directions as others have pointed out . I had the entire system setup within 2 hours.I had the original Intex pump/filter / salt water chlorine generator that came with my Ultra Frame pool . The filter cleaning and changing was getting time consuming and I noticed the pump was n't pulling as good as it used to . That setup was 3 years old and worked well . I wanted to stay with the salt water system so I order a new chlorine by Intex generator along with this sand filter system.Intex 54601EG Krystal Clear Saltwater SystemI attached the Intex hoses to the chlorine generator from both the pool and the Waterway filter with the hose adaptersIntex Adapter Kits and Accessories - 40mm Short Connection KitA huge difference in the water movement compared to the Intex pump . I expect my bottom cleaners -LRB- Kreepy Krauly -RRB- to perform much better with the improved pump performance.Very pleased with this entire upgrade .
 Not sure why its listed as a toy but this filter works great on my Intex 24 foot metal frame pool . Keeps the water clear and it pumps enough to clean the pool by just running it a few hours a day .
 I am very satisfied with this product . IT is extremely easy to install and runs very quiet with good power . The only mistake I made was not making sure all the water was out of the pump when winterizing it . The water froze and broke parts in the pump . I was able to buy the replacement parts without a problem directly from the dealer who sold it and they shipped me the new parts in two days . This product is well worth the price . Go to the store and spend double the money for a pump and filter that does the same as this will do .
 PROS
 This must be the 5th or 6th Meco grill we have owned . The design has endured with just a few improvements over the years . The things we like best about Meco grills are a -RRB- the vents which allow you to control the heat and/or smoke , and also let you save charcoal by shutting them down after grilling , and b -RRB- the adjustable grill rack . This grill arrived with one of the top vents bent . The company sent a whole new grill very promptly .
 I bought this flag for my brother and sister in laws home , they 're new homeowners and have two dachshunds that look exactly like these pups on the flag , I feel for the size of these flags it was a little pricey but the image is on both sides and it is a little thicker than the mini flag I bought them for Christmas . So great quality , just a little pricey .
 This ia an awesome product . I used my gas grill on low - cooked both legs and wings at the same time and all came out perfectly ! Used cooking spray on the rack and it was an easy clean up ! I totally recommend this product .
 Just tried out my new grill toy , the leg n wing rack . I have to say I absolutely love it . Grilled 6 legs and 6 wings . No fuss , no turning just place it on the grill and sit down have a cocktail . After 30 minutes or so you have delicious juicy chicken . I liked it so much I posted a picture of my finished dinner on Facebook . It will make a great present for anyone who likes to grill .
 This thing as awesome ! Make smoking and grilling leg/wings so easy . I definitely recommend this item to the chicken lovers out there !
 Use all the time and is great for the BBQ grill for legs and thighs -LRB- top portion -RRB- . It is nice to be able to cook with this and save room to cook other things on the grill ,
 This bbq rack is awesome . It would be very hard to screw it up , put this rack on the grill , full heat , and 50 minutes later -- perfect every time . I kid you not.Robert
 This weeder rocks ! Truly an all purpose tool , this is the first -LRB- sometimes the only -RRB- tool that I grab when gardening . The hoe end is a good scuffling tool for small weeds and will chop through something sturdier like a blackberry vine in a pinch , while the tined end is perfect for impaling deep-rooted weeds like dandelions , tansy , and nettles and then leveraging the whole thing out like a claw hammer . The foam rubber grip means it wo n't slip out of your hands , the welded-on head is better than my old one -LRB- no bolts to come loose -RRB- , and the enameled -LRB- ? -RRB- finish defies dirt .
 This is the one you need , the one you can not do without , regardless of the size of your garden or even if you 're using it only to keep the weeds out of your lawn . Unlike the larger , heavier , even cooler-looking cultivators , this tool REALLY does the job . Because its tines are small and close together , you can `` hammer '' the tool right at the roots of even the most murderous weeds and then just pop them right out , roots and all . I have one area of my lawn that I 've been fighting with for years -- it always seems to come back in weeds . This year I used this tool instead , and all you can find there now is the grass I planted . In my gardens , however , I do n't want grass , I want vegetables or flowers . This is the most effective and easy-to-use garden weeder ever . Its size , weight , small tines , and the sharp hoe side help me keep the grass and weeds out like never before -- its simple but effective engineering make it easy .
 Well made tool , similar to those in Home Depot and Lowe 's . It works really well now that I 've put a sharp edge on the flat side with my bench grinder . We live in Texas , and we have several raised-bed gardens . The bermuda grass loves to run under the landscape timbers and into the rich , organically improved soil that 's inside those timbers . The `` teeth edge '' of this tool is good for `` grabbing '' the runners and pulling them out ; bermuda is tougher than wire once its roots get connected with the soil . It 's a good tool and I would recommend it to anyone considering buying a macro-level tool for working in gardens and flower beds .
 Weeder and weed whacker ! I work within the public school system in San DIego for 40hrs . per week and can vouch for this terrific implement . From cutting weeds off above the root -LRB- wiregrass -RRB- to prying weeds out of the ground -LRB- dandelion -RRB- to a combination of the two -LRB- burr clover -RRB- , this pals a dandy . Gardeners should n't leave to work without hand pruners and this puller . Even a claw hammer , which is much heavier , pales in comparison to the torque you can muster with this light and strong weed steed . It 's manufactured with a foam rubber grip that wo n't slip out of your hands and has no screws
 I purchased the weeder thinking it was something other than what it turned out to be . However , when I started using it , I found it did remove yard weeds very well . My gardners saw the weeder & started using it . They then wanted to know where to buy it !
 This is a highly-efficient , weed-killing machine . I received mine yesterday , so I took it out in the yard to play with it . I was amazed at how effortless it rips weeds from the ground . It was great fun , and I nearly lost track of time as the dead weeds piled up behind me . This tool has a very balanced feel in your hand , and is very sturdy .
 Takes just a little hand-eye coordination , but it is much easier on my hands and wrist than a typical weed prying tool . The tines removes more of the roots as well .
 I love all Yard Butler garden tools . This weeder is heavy enough to dig into the hard clay . I suffered from carpal tunnel syndrome 2 years ago , but holding this does n't cause the wrist pain .
 I just received the yard butler weeder in the mail and ran outside to try it on some weeds in my garden . Well , I was very impressed . I noticed right away that it was a good size weight and the handle grip was excellent and did not slip out of my hand . With very little effort the weeds just popped out . This is a well made garden tool and I would definitely recommend this weeder .
 I was looking for a weeding tool to weed foxtail grasses at our local dog park . The usual weeding tool which has a bifurcated tip is designed to remove weeds with a single or main tap root . The foxtails have a shallow clump of spread roots . Hammering the tine end of this tool into the weed grabs the roots and yanking on the tool pulls the weed out . I down rated it one star because I wish the steel was stiffer . The tines frequently bend and have to be straightened out . Hitting stones as large as 1/2 '' causes them to deform . If the tines are too close together the tool does n't work .
 It is quite very useful , much better than I thought . I use it for purpose ondigging weed out , or dig a hole , or cut vine out . It is easy to hold the handle , and I like the shape . The price is reasonable too .
 The best tool I have ever owned . I do n't work in the yard without it and have given one as a gift . The one I have is years old and not wanting to be without one I searched in vain at the local hardware stores and found that they only carried a newer model with just three tines instead of the one with four tines . Thanks to Amazon I found the correct one and bought two . The best hand held weed extractor ever . Go on line and buythis tool , and GOoooood weeding !
 I 've ordered one of these for everyone in the family since I began using one myself . I head to the yard with this , my gloves , a trash can and a garden stool . That 's all I need . Love it !
 Useful , simple tool . The hefty weight and long handle gives it power . Dig holes , and scrape shallow weeds with blade edge . Dig , till and weed with tong side of tool . Sometimes tongs clog up , but that is unavoidable . I have many garden tools , but always use this one . -LRB- or the other similar terra mattock . -RRB-
 In California , we use this tool in preparing and examining the walls of trenches excavated across earthquake faults . Our goal is to assess the potential for ground surface rupture due to fault movement . I facetiously call it a `` pedological deobfuscator '' and even wrote a small paper on its use -LSB- Borchardt , Glenn . `` The Pedological Deobfuscator . '' Soil Survey Horizons 37 , no. 2 -LRB- 1996 -RRB-
 In California , we use this tool in preparing and examining the walls of trenches excavated across earthquake faults . Our goal is to assess the potential for ground surface rupture due to fault movement . I facetiously call it a `` pedological deobfuscator '' and even wrote a small paper on its use -LSB- Borchardt , Glenn . `` The Pedological Deobfuscator . '' Soil Survey Horizons 37 , no. 2 -LRB- 1996 -RRB-
 This is the one for anything except rotisserre.It has a series of adjustable vents accros the front and the back , and a circular adjustable vent on top . This allows for very precise air-flow contol.The grill adjusts to 3 levels , four if you 're inventive . After a couple of uses it 's virtually air-tight with all vents closed , so you can cool down an aggressive fire in a heartbeat.I give it 4 stars reserving the 5th for it 's Meco cousins which are of the same funtional design , but more pricey due to retractable wooden tables on one or both sides and a wooden shelf down below . But they are all superb as grilling machines.Enjoy !
 WE LOVE OUR MECO . . WE ALWAYS HAVE . . THIS IS OUR THIRD ONE IN TWENTY YEARS ... WE LOVE BEING ABLE TO ANGLE THE GRILL FOR COOKING MEATS AT DIFFERENT TEMPS AT THE SAME TIME IT IS OUR OLD FAITHFUL FRIEND
 The meco grill is the best charcoal grill you can buy.The vents on front , back and top make cooking and reaching temperatures you want so much easier than other grills.There is ample room for cooking , without needing a giant space to store this grill.Also the quality of the grill from the metal used on the body to the legs and wheels beats the competition all around . Believe me i went to stores trying to replace this grill and what was out there was a cheap as a beer can for this price range . They would have not lasted over 1 to 2 years stored outside in missouri.So went online looking for my old standby meco.Had a meco grill the same model for 22 years before i purchased this new one.Was worried like everything else you buy now days , the quality would be so much cheaper than they use to make them , but was so pleasently surprised it is the same great grill as before.Can not reccomend enough.Have already grilled a couple of times on my new grill and loving it .
 I had the old Red Char Broil and the bottom rusted out so this was perfect . I did n't expect much after reading several reviews but this grill is awesome !!! I love that I can lower and raise the rack ! Nothing I 've ever seen before so a pleasant surprise !!!
 I purchased my first Meco Grill -LRB- 22 years ago -RRB- from the base exchange in Germany while stationed there with the Air Force . I purchased my current one about 10 years ago but only used it once or twice a year prefering to use my gas grill , but things have changed . I used it about two months ago to cook chicken using my father-in-laws secret recipe and my 14 year old son asked what I did to the chicken because it was really good . Since then I have been on a charcoal BBQ cooking binge . I have done roasts , steaks , chicken , and vegetables on the grill . The grill really cuts out the flare ups I experience on a gas grill and holds the heat in very well . I have used smoke chips and the grill keeps the smoke in and really gives the food that wonderful smokey flavor . I do n't think I will go back to gas unless I am in a hurry . My wife says it has only taken me 19 years of marriage for me to finally use the charcoal grill and the Meco is the best . I really like the adjustable grate and the bottom grate for the charcoal .
 This is the third one of these that we have bought . -LRB- This one was a present . -RRB- It has all of the features that you might want . The grill can be raised or lowered depending on the heat of the fire . It has vents that can be opened with the lid down so that chicken does n't burn . When you are done , you can close the vents to put out the fire and salvage the remaining charcoal . It has wheels so that it can easily be moved around . What I do n't understand is why the black version costs $ 40 more than the red one .
 This grille is sturdily made with thick metal and strong fasteners . I like the adjustable cooking height and remove-for-cleaning charcoal tray . The lid pivots up and away from the cooking surface but stays attached ; so you 're not always fumbling for a place to stash the lid when loading/unloading , etc. .
 The BBQ is constructed well . Installation was harder than the last one i owned -LRB- 17 years ago -RRB- . But i still well enjoy using it .
 This last purchase of a Meco was a gift for my son in the Air Force , stationed in Almagordo New Mexico.Over the years I have owned over six of these and found they are the most versatile cookers for the money on the market . Features that make it stand out from others are the three vents that allow close temperature control , the adjustable grille height , the available side trays and wheels for mobility .
 Meco , a great American-made grill at a reasonable price . I have purchased Meco grills for the past 25 years and have never been dissatisfied . This current grill has lasted 5 years and is still going strong.This model , while excellent , could benefit from a wooden fold-out tray on one side . Those models are available , but at a greater price.If you do n't need a wooden fold-out tray to hold plates or barbecue accessories , then this is a fine grill with three air-vent ports , and three levels of heat over your charcoal.A bargain for those of us who still enjoy the taste of real charcoal grilling .
 I bought one of these about 20 years ago from the BX at Eilson AFB in Alaska when I was there on a training deployment with the RAF . I have used it constantly and it has sat outside in all the wonderfull -LRB- ? -RRB- weather we get in Scotland both summer and winter and it is still going strong . Only drawback was trying to obtain a replacement grill in the UK - No luck at all but did manage to get one via my son who was living in Denver at the time and brought one over when on holiday . It 's still going strong and I just wish I was able to get spares for it in the UK.Highly recommended .
 Purchased this grill near the end of the summer . Shipped missing a part , which was a pain , but Meco customer service shipped me a replacement part to finish assembly after giving them a call . The grill was somewhat difficult for 2 handy guys -LRB- who had had a couple of beers -RRB- to put together , took about 2 hours . The assembly instructions were less than helpful , and were cast aside about halfway through . Once put together , the grill worked like a dream . The height adjustment feature is a great help for getting different amounts of sear on meats . Been grilling 2-3 times a week for a month now , and have n't had any issues whatsoever . Grill space is good , not great -LRB- 4 burgers with buns at once is about the max -RRB- , but it does the job.Would recommend , especially if you can get it on sale , but is a little rickety for the $ 80 + I spent on it .
 We needed an inexpensive grill for a small get-together and I found this online here . It was a little bit of work putting it together but not too bad . Loved how easy it was to use for different meats !
 First off , this is not the best grill available on the market but it is most definetely worth the price . It has temperature control vents at the front and the back as well as on top of the lid . These vents are easy to operate and work very well at regulating the internal temperature of the grill.The grill is easy to assemble and in my case all parts were there and the packaging was perfect as usual for Amazon . It took me maybe 45 minutes to put it together by myself , and the only tools you need are a Phillips head , a pair of either pliers or a crescent wrench and a hammer for a few pieces.I used the grill 2 nights in a row , cooking for 3 adults each night . The first night was ribeye steak , corn and potatoes . The potatoes took longer to cook through , but the steaks and the corn cooked exactly as quickly as I would expect them to . The second night I grilled New York strip steak and corn and there was no complaint over these either . The consecutive nights of cooking have shown me that at least with my grill you want to use more charcoal than you normally would and the charcoal takes longer to heat up than most other grills , but once it 's hot , it will stay hotter for 2-3 times longer than most other grills.The reason for 4 starts and not 5 is that the grill takes longer to heat up than it seems normal -- in my experience , and the construction -LRB- especially the legs -RRB- seems a tad wobbly . But all in all , this grill is an absolute steal for the price . If you 're looking for a grill where you plan on cooking for 3-4 adults maximum , then this is the perfect grill for you .
 I have been looking for this exact grill for awhile . The last one I had lasted over 20 years .
 A stand up grill like this is very good . The vents at the top , front , and back are useful . The adjustable levels of the grid is great but it could be made more efficient since moving the knobs makes the whole grill shake due to so much resistance when you slide them . All in all , a grill that 's better than the others in its price range .
 This grill is a very good product , i have been using the meco charcoal grill for about 30 or 35 years , i usually get about 10 to 12 years out of the grill and my family grills a lot.I will never own any other grill but the meco , it also is priced very good.It is easy to assemble .
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift for my sister . It arrived quickly and in pristine condition . My sister absolutely loves this tool kit . It has everything and more . She was extremely happy that it even included a knee pad . The quality of the tools are excellent as well . Not cheaply made . I would recommend this to any gardener . It is a great deal for all that you get .
 I bought this set because I needed to get my own Garden tools . There is quite a variety in here and it is great quality .
 Excellent gift . Looks good and contains good variety . Was a gift so do n't know how the quality holds up , but the tools look substantial . Purchase experience through Amazon is A + . Purchase arrived ahead of schedule .
 This is the second Meco Swinger grill we have used . The old one was used for over 10 years . We never covered it during the season , but did winter it over in a shed.The cooking grate on the old one is the only thing that needed to be replaced . The wonderful venting system on the front and back allows you to shut it down and save your charcoal.We decided to get the new model with wing shelves and tray bottom . The wing shelves are great but the directions are not clear on their assembly.They come as six individual boards that need to be mounted with screws onto the arms . We got ours all put together and realized we were off by one hole.It took longer to put those things together than the whole rest of the grill . They work well and are a wonderfull addition to the grill . Read directions carefully and really look at the pictures ! I may urethane the wood pieces , as they do n't appear to have a finish on them . It was a Father 's Day gift . I recommend urethaning the wood before putting together . The grill itself is wonderful and sturdy and we expect to get at least 10 good years out of this one . I would never get another brand of grill !
 We 've had the grill for a month and ca n't use it . The wrong legs were sent and we 've yet to receive the correct ones . This after 2 faxes and 3 phone calls . Supposedly they respond within 24 hours . Not true.However , we have an old MECO grill that we 're replacing with this one and expect it to work great once we get the correct legs .
 i have had 3 meco grills in a 6yr . time period.my only problem is the reflector pan gets too dark and burned , i cook everything from seafood , chicken and meat using olive oil.to replace the pan is like 12.00 but shipping and handling is 15.00 , i will order 4 pans next time , meco is the only grill , beats all others !!!
 love the size , perfect for 2 and plugs in on my porch , clean up is a breeze . Priced right , as always , on Amazon.com . Fast delivery
 We absolutely love this grill . Living in an apartment , propane is a hassle -LRB- and technically not allowed ;--RRB- and charcoal is even more annoying . An electric grill is what we wanted , and this looked like a good option . We 've been using it regularly since May , and it definitely meets our needs!It gets hot - wonderfully hot . And quickly , too . It 's fairly consistent in heating , with the ability to tilt the burner closer or farther from the food a wonderful option . -LRB- More on that later , though ... -RRB- It 's pretty easy to clean -LRB- although I think lining the drip plate with foil , first , probably helped that -RRB- . There 's a great deal of space on the cooking surface . While it 's only the two of us , we usually cook twice as much as we plan to eat , to have leftovers , and I 've never had a problem fitting the food on this grill.Now , the one caveat I 've had appears to be something wrong with my particular grill , and I ca n't find a way to fix it . :--LRB- The tension holding the burner in place once it 's positioned does not keep it in place - the handle always causes it to rotate , bringing the burner closer to the back and farther from the front . It 's infuriating , but I 'm happy to deal with it , given how well the grill works on every other level . -LRB- If anyone knows a way to fix this , please let me know ! -RRB-
 I like this grill very much . Not too difficult to assemble and easy to clean .
 We use this electric grill in our motorhome and are very pleased with the performance . Temperature is easily adjusted and constant . Fits in outside bay so is easy to transport . We have used electric grills for 20 + years and would highly recommend this one .
 Currently living in a condo that does not allow gas or charcoal grills so had to go electric . Past experiences were not very good with other brands but the Meco actually works . Does not get nearly as hot as a gas grill but if you let it heat up for 15 to 20 minutes and do not leave the top open it does a reasonable job . Quick assembly .
 This grill is great for the boat ... cooks meats perfectly every timeand keeps everything nice and moist but still adding great flavor ... Notheavy and easily stored ...
 I much prefer electric grills to gas , and finally we found the Meco 9300 Deluxe Tabletop Electric Grill . It cooks quickly and is easy to care for .
 I love this grill . There was a tiny bit of assembly needed , and it was very east to do . It is so convenient to use , and easy ! Once you get used to it , there is no guess work as to the correct temperature to cook food at . It cooks evenly and the food is delicious cooked on it . We are in a condo where charcoal and propane grills are prohibited on the decks , so I was thrilled that it was okay to use an electric grill . It is fairly light weight , so it is easy to pick up and move if necessary . I would recommend this grill to anyone .
 No smoke in apartment when cooking - I can finally put the batteries back in my smoke detector . Works really well - has direct and indirect heat , changes temps instantly . Food very good . Surprised - who knew ? Never cooked on an electric grill before - but the building has rules . I have a tiny balcony . It fits!Comes pretty much assembled - you attach the base - with a screwdriver , which I have . Cooking grid to dishwasher . Worked perfectly , with surprisingly large cooking grate for a wee grill . Solid - you can move it , but it does n't feel tippy or flimsy . Glad I bought it .
 We are retired and only have company now and then . This unit is perfect for our use . Still , it has sufficient capacity for the extra people without taking up a lot of space .
 It 's probably my 4th or 5th one . The features have changed over the years but it 's still easy & efficient - no tanks to mess with is the best feature . Just plug it in & cook !!
 This grill is very easy to use . Cleans up nicely . Cooks things great .
 Best Grill I have ever owned ! We have learned to line under the grilling surface with foil , Cleanup is as simple as changing the foil ! Does not get any better . BUT Do n't use it indoors , To much smoke !!
 If you 're like me and do n't understand or maybe even fear the gas cylinder type grills , this is the grill for you . It 's big enough to cook a good size meal and does it perfectly . It only takes a couple of times to know exactly how long it actually takes to grill something . Then you 're `` good to go . '' I even placed some water soaked hickory chips -LRB- very small pieces -RRB- beside the heating element the first time I used it and now everything tasts like it 's been cooked on a pit or smoked . You can even cook cedar plank salmon on this grill with no problem . It 's convenient and fuss free and you do n't ever have to worry about running out of gas !!
 This is the 3rd brand of electric grill we have purchased through the years and is far and away the best.It is compact , sporty , can weather the elements , and gets hot as blazes . Unlike the Char-Broil Electric Patio Grill and the Masterbuilt Electric Grill , this Meco unit has proven you can indeed get a beautiful sear on an electric grill . The Masterbuilt would make a nice warming oven but not much more . The Char-Broil is clunky and awkward as you have to remove the lid and `` hang '' it by a little hook off the side of the grill . Not so the Meco . The lid flips up smoothly and you can also tilt the interior heating element to vary the amount of direct heat if you want to bake potatoes , for instance . My only criticism is that the temperature dial indicator is a tape decal . It would be much nicer if this was permanently imprinted on the unit . Otherwise , it borders on perfection . And , you ca n't beat the price .
 This is my third MECO Grill . I find that the heating element lasts about 5 years . Mine is on an enclosed patio , so its an all weather grill . I learned on my first one to not use the reflective tray that attaches just below the heating element . Drippings from the meat burn on it and its nearly impossible to clean . Before long , it loses its reflective quality . Instead , I line the bottom with wide aluminum foil . Serves the same purpose and is easily replaced when it gets dirty . It also eliminates flare ups . Its nice to be able to `` grill out '' in any weather .
 Needed something like this , have two months this summer in a `` no-flame outside '' environment . Got my grill on time , right price , well packaged for shipping . Simple to set up and operate . Does an adequate job , not `` flame kissed '' products , but good enough to be worth the trouble . Can add a little smoke with a few wood chips , this helps most foods I grill . Easy cleanup .
 The grill does all that is claimed in terms of cooking . It heats quickly , even with a cold outside temperature and works well indoors as well . The unit gets hot enough to sear the meat nicely . The only unfirtunate flaw is that the reflector tray under the heating coil can not be disconnected and removed for cleaning . It is also not possible to slip aluminum foil in between to help with cleanup so juices get burnt on . I hope that oven cleaner may clean the tray
 We live in a condominium and the only grills allowed are electric . It was a blessing to find one that was moderate in price , tabletop as opposed to standing , and adjustable grates . I have recommended this to many neighbors . No assembly except to mount it on the stand . 5 minutes and we were ready to go .
 Absolutely the BEST in electric grills . This is my third one in nearly 30 years of weekly use outside . Also stored outside -- they last forever-almost . Food tastes as good or better than charcoal and cooks much more evenly in less time . Well worth the price !
 I love this grill.Its so easy to use and everything taste great . Its convenient for us to use . We can cook all year in Kentucky with this grill.I would recomend this grill to anyone .
 We prefer an electric grill right outside of the house on our screened in deck over any other type grill for safety purposes . This model has a good amount of grill space & controls for both temperature and placement from the element . Cleans nicely and is a fairly small footprint allowing a serving piece to be near by . We plan on buying another one for our cabin this year .
 excellent grill . much better than most gas grills i have used and for the money could not be better . love it .
 This grill was perfect for tail Gating was able to cook for about 20-25 people without a hitch . Cooled down quickly and was easy to cleanup afterward .
 Sadly I needed to deduct 1-star because I was informed by a fireman that this grill is not for indoor use . The smoke detectors in our complex is hooked-up to the local fire department , so when the alarm goes off , they are notified.Other than this , it 's truly a great grill . Heat up well and cooks like a coal grill .
 Over the past 10 years , we 're owned most every brand of electric grill , indoor and outdoor -LRB- in this price range -RRB- , but this little Meco is more authentic when it comes to behaving like a REAL grill ! Great flavor -- easy to use and cook accurately ; clean up is simple . Meat AND veggies are `` dee-lish '' on this grill . Without ANY reservations , we recommend it and have to all our neighbors in our condo community . Amazon has made shopping online so easy for us , it is our # one source for buying this type of household item , and other small appliances .
 Easy to carry , assemble , and operate . Instruction manual is thorough , though I did n't expect that it would come almost completely assembled -- that made setting up even faster and easier ! I 'm not sure why it did n't come with the cookbook it claimed was included , but that 's a BIG deal for me , and was n't happy it was missing.Otherwise , it 's everything the manufacturer states ; the grill marks on the burgers were there , the smell of grilled meat without the worry of carcinogens from charcoal . Quick to heat up and cool down . Definitely follow the instructions for first-time use and suggested temperatures for cooking to get the best results . I was never a fan of messing with gas grills , and since almost all apartment complexes do n't allow charcoal grills on your balcony , this is THE BEST alternative.Happy Grilling !!
 This is the third of these grills I 've had in the past 20 years or so . Mine stays outside on a small , covered porch -LRB- roof only -RRB- so it is constantly exposed to the elements yet holds up extremely well . This latest version now has a great-looking powder coat finish which should look nice even longer . The porcelain grate is also an upgrade over the previous model.I drilled a couple holes in the base and attached the grill to a small metal stand with nuts/bolts , nice and secure.I also have a larger gas grill -LRB- which cost much more than this little guy -RRB- but I find I use this much more often , it 's so easy to use and everything comes out great.This unit is made in the USA , a definite plus in my opinion . Highly recommended .
 This grill works just fine and has satisfied my needs for years without having to buy charcoal or refill propane tanks after they have run empty during cooking . I turn it on , toss on a few wood chips , and cook whatever I want . I just bought a replacement grill . My last one lasted about 15 years . I am one of those people who does n't like to clean grills , so I do n't , except to scrap off the wood ashes and residue from the replector pan every year or so . My last grill sat on a table in the backyard every day of the year , except when I knew it was going to rain and put it in the garage . The only complaint I have is that after about 6 or 7 years the clips that hold on the reflector pan rusted off . I used some paper clips to fasten it back on and it worked fine . I live 6 blocks from the ocean in Southern California so maybe the salt air and mist caused the rust . My last grill would still be working if I had n't decided to give it a good cleaning . In the process the heating element rod snapped . I 'll never make that mistake again .
 I bought this for my husband for XMAS , as he requested an electric grill . We are older , and just do n't want to go through the hassels of charcoal or gas . We have plenty of room for both , and actually just gave our green egg to our son in law . THIS GRILL is fabulous . EASY TO CLEAN , cooks like a dream ! I researched all makes and selected this for it 's style and the reviews it had . Would highly recommend .
 I gave this grill to my son who can not have an open flame on his apartment patio . I never thought much about electric grills . Always thought gas was the best for cooking . However , my son says he 's very pleased with this grill . It heats up fast and cooks to perfection . It feels substantial and well made except for the base , which could be a little bigger for more stability . If you need or want to BBQ with electric , you should be happy with this grill . Very little assembly.Meco 9300 Deluxe Tabletop Electric Grill , Satin Black
 We have enjoyed using your product since it 's arrival . I like the tilt of the grill so you can place several pieces of meat over different heat areas . When I first opened the box containg the grill I thought you had sent me a small missile . It was red and black with this gadget sticking out on the end of it . But I do like the thermostat much better than I did on the old model . Hope this one last us as long as the one we replaced .
 The Meco is an ideal charcoal grill because it allows you to adjust the height of the grill above the coals and also adjust the flow of air onto the coals -- both of which impact heat intensity . As a result , the Meco gives you fine control and flexibility in grilling your food . This is tremendously helpful when you consider how different types and cuts of meat need different heat levels and cooking times -- beef , chicken , pork , fish , shrimp , etc.I 've only owned Mecos for the past 25 years . I would n't buy any other kind .
 THIS IS MY SECOND MECO GRILL I 'VE LOOKED ATOTHER GRILLS HAD COOK OUTS AT FRIENDS WITHCHEAPER GRILLS HAD TO HAVE A MECO GRILL
 This is a wonderful charcoal grill with an adjustable grill surface which was the main feature we were interested in -- this feature is apparently hard to find -- my husband 's family has used this grill for years , and we are happy to have one of our own now !
 This is the fourth Meco 4100 Grille I have owned . They have never let me down when it comes to regulating my cooking and my time ! They are easy and time-saving to cook with . I have owned bigger , `` easier '' propane gas grilles but for the comvenience , nothing comes close to this little whopper ! I will never own anything else again .
 My second grill of the same model . The first one eventually rusted out after 10 + years . I bought another , this time in red . But I would recommend black because the red wears out prematurely .
 This grill was a great buy . Inexpensive , fairly easly to assemble , and with the proper amount of coal , is a great little workhorse . I would highly recommend it .
 This is my second Meco grill of this style , and I 'm sure I 'll replace it with another of the same kind when it wears out , but ... -- It was tedious and time consuming to assemble . -- The grate that the coals go on is a problem . It 's mesh embedded over a molded solid bottom , and I 'm convinced that it does n't allow enough air flow from under the coals to keep them as hot as I want them during the cooking . I 'm going to either drill holes in the bottom or replace it with a simple wire grate of the kind I used on my previous Meco . -- After a couple of uses , the paint on the basin is already peeling from the heat . Surely they could find a better heat-resistant paint.All that said , though , for a small , relatively simple grill , I get great results . The real key is the ability to raise and lower the cooking grid to three different positions . The two side tables are very handy , too .
 Best charcoal grill for the money . Great temperature control when cooking . This one replaced the same 20 year old model . Bonus is a flipdown side table on both sides .
 We were trying to replicate a charcoal grill that lasted over 20 years . Imagine our surprise to find this model made by the same company . We love the adjustable grate feature , most grills have a cheasy system that does n't work . This grill is great and worth every penny . Highly recommended
 Right price for a charcoal grill . Took a couple of hours to put together . Wooden side shelves are nice but not sure if they will last . We will see .
 this grill is great . i assembled it myself wich was a little bit of a task but when completed it was defenitly worth it . i am really happy about the three heat adjustments it has making it easier to cook faster or slower . the size is perfect for my balcony . all in all this was a great choice for my first grill
 I 've bought these units every three or four years . I love the tray height adjustment and the ease of control of air flow . Great product . Looow price .
 Quality through out , great concept , easy to use and MADE IN USA ! I 've been using Meco cookers since the 1980 's and love them . This is my 3rd one in 25 years . Yeah you have to do more assembly now but big deal it 's not that hard and did I say MADE IN USA .
 I was just given a Meco grill that has never been used . It is probably at least 40 years old ... I adore it . The bottom is black and the top is hunter green with a bumpy texture , with a matte finish , not shiney like the new models . Love the 2 adjustable knobs , you can have varied cooking temperatures at the same time . Also , really like the square ash pan with grid -- keeps the ashes off the grills bottom , thus extending the life of the grill and makes cleaning out the ashes a breeze . I was going to order the pretty new red Meco grill with the fold down shelves -LRB- to have one on front porch and one on the back porch -RRB- , but after reading all the reviews about the lack of appropriate hardware to assemble the product , have decided not to purchase it . I 'll just stick to my lovely older model which is likely worth alot more than the $ 65.00 price tag on the newer model . My `` new-old '' one has 4 nut/bolt holes on the right and left sides , I think they may be for attachable shelves , but the person who gave me the grill said she did n't see them . I may try to fashion my own .
 We both had Meco grills years back and were talking about how much we missed charcoal grilling . I looked on Amazon and there was a beautiful grill with two side tables . The product is great ! We just finished the leftover chicken that I cooked on it a couple of days ago . It works great as a smoker/grill too !
 My husband only uses charcoal . This is his favorite grill . The highlights being the shelves on the side and the fact that you can change the rack inside . Perfect size for our family of three . I bought him a fancy big grill that we never use . This is perfect for every day use .
 I am thoroughly pleased with this purchase . I have wanted a Meco for many years . It is easy to use and I love the hinged lid , no dropping a large hot lid , or having it tip over the grill if hung on the wrong side . The Amazon.com ordering process was a breeze , and I will order more in the future .
 The best feature on this grill is that you can adust the level of the coals . Like the other reviewers said it does take a while to put together and I consider myself pretty handy with tools . My two criticisms would be that there was some nuts missing and I had to head to Lowes for some lock nuts plus it seems a little flimsy . I had to brace the legs to make it more sturdy . Other than that it is a nice grill .
 This is the best designed charcoal grill on the market . I replaced an identical 20 year old one that was showing age and rust . However it takes some skill to properly assemble it . The machine screws that are provided fit way too loose in the pre-drilled holes so that the lid operation is very sloppy . And the necessary lock nuts were not included , which required adding second locknuts to prevent them from loosening up . I ended up using rivets to attach the lid hinges , the same as my old model had . And the pre-drilled holes on one side were over 1/4 '' too high , so the lid would n't seat down evenly on the bottom , which is necessary to snuff out the coals when finished cooking . I drilled new holes which allowed the top to set down on the bottom snugly . And the cooking grill wobbled on the adjustable height bars . I needed to put one of the adjustable bars in a vise and bend it slightly so the grill sits flat across both bars . So it took considerable effort and time to assemble this grill , but I feel it was worth it . It 's way better than a similar looking one that Home Depot sells . Once assembled , you wo n't find a better charcoal grill and I will definitely buy another when this one wears out . But be prepared to spend considerable time putting it together .
 I had one of these before and they are great ! So simple to use and you can adjust the heat setting real easy . The other grills you need to get gloves on to adjust it . Its just a plain simple that gets the job done with no bells and whistles you do n't need !
 Grill as described , a little hard to assemble , especially the hinges for the hood , and the temp adjustment rods , the instructions a little vague around these items .
 Meco 4106 is a great overall bar-b-que grill . The height controls for the coals to grill surface are the best feature of this grill . The grill being completely sealed when closed gives you the best smoked flavor you could ever ask for . The dual side tables allow you to keep all food and utensils at arms length .
 The grill is very nice quality compared to most of the cheap charcoal grill we see in stores . My only complain is that the plate that hold charcoals should be made with better steel . We left it in the yard for on day and it rained , the next day , the whole plate is heavily rusted already .
 For the money , this is a great charcoal grill . It does arrive in a lot of pieces -LRB- small nuts and bolts aplenty -RRB- , fairly vague instructions and I highly recommend having someone there to help you assemble it . It is somewhat shakey , but it works . I was nervous about the little shelves at first but they have held up fine . I am able to place the dish for what I am grilling , utensils , spices , etc on them while using the grill with no problems . I have had it for a little while now and am satisfied with the product .
 Perfect for the money . It took me about an hour and a half to put together because I was trying to be very careful . I 've hosted three bbqs since I got it and the paint is not starting to chip or bubble yet . In the bottom , the grate that holds the coals is removable so the next day , you can just lift the bottom grate out and dump the coals with no mess . Since the top grate adjusts up or down , it is perfect for every grilling technique from roasting jalapenos to searing flank steak . I also like to cook paella on mine . It adds such a smoky flavor . It is light and I was able to load it in the back of my car to take to a Southern Miss game . It looks so cute on my porch and no problems yet .
 I had one of these for more than 17 years . I finally gave it away while it was still in good shape , just because I did n't want to take it on a move . So , when I needed one again , I bought exactly what had lasted so long before . The new one seems just as sturdy & the ability to adjust the grill to different distances from the coals is a great feature .
 This is a great value for a basic grill . The temperature controls and side tables are just an added bonus . If you can read and follow very basic directions , assembly is a breeze . I do n't understand how anyone can have trouble putting it together . Keep track of the screws/nuts and you should n't have any problems . The wood on the handles and temp knobs is very nice , and my only complaint would be that the side tables wood is n't an exact match . The side tables are obviously made to fit a variety of grills so i understand why they do n't match .
 I decided to go back to charcoal from gas because of the flavor . Chose this grill based on features , price and other reviews . It has met or exceeded all expectations and the adjustable height for the cooking grid is the best feature of all . I would buy one of these again .
 Because of my previous happy experience with Meco grills , I bought this one as a birthday gift to my son after his old grill rusted out . He is very pleased . I got a new Meco Walk-A-Bout for myself , but this Meco model 4106 is way better than mine if you do n't plan on taking it anywhere .
 Well made . She had very little trouble putting it together . The hinged lid and side tables made it very plesant for her to use . She loved it !
 I have owned Mecco grills in the past and loved them . The new grills do n't seem as sturdy as the older models , but still is a great grill for the small family .
 I love my new grill . It is just exactly what I wanted . Not too big and not too small.You will have to assemble all of the many many pieces and I would recommend having an assistant to get it done.I put it together myself , but it would have been very nice to have 4 hands working on it ! It is a quality product and very versatile for grilling .
 I like this BBQ grill . This is one of the best ones on the market . This was shipped in fast time .
 This is the 3rd or 4th Meco gril i have had and in my eyes they are the best just behind a webber
 I started dieting and this grill has been a great help . It 's easy to setup , use and clean . The taste of the food is phenomenal . I highly recommend it . The instructions could have been more detailed , but it was easy to assemble .
 This is my 4th Meco grill and would not trade it for either gas or charcoal .
 I have used this grill every day since I recieved it and I can tell you it is a good product for the price . It is not too small and it was just what I was looking for so I did not have to mess with charcoal or propane . It may be a little hard to assemble as the directions are limited . Have fixed steaks , veggies and the lowly hotdog and all were very tasty .
 This was my first time using an electric grill , had a minor problem assembling it but mostly due to my own errors . First attempt at using and the meats turned out just great . Worked as advertised and I would buy another one in the future . Plenty of heat and cleaned up easily.Price was great and cheaper than I could find locally .
 Works very well holds enough food for at least 4 people . Heats up fast and cooks all foods very fast . We use it when camping and grilling chicken , steaks , burgers , all come out fine . Easy to clean compared to former electric grill I returned . Definately would recommend
 I bought this grill because I live in an apartment and can not have a propane or charcoal grill on the balcony.The grill was easy to put together and in no time at all , I was enjoying all the barbeques I had been missing . This grill fits the bill perfectly ... I LOVE it !!
 I recently purchased the Meco 9210 portable utility tabletop electric grill because gas and charcoal grill were banned from my apartment complex . I giving the grill 4 stars baased on performance . The grill works much better than I expected and the cooked food quality is very good . The grill is lightweight and indeed portable . The outside finish is decent quality and looks like an outdoor gas grill . The interior derserves 3 stars max . The quality of the interior parts are so-so . The reflector plate will warp when the grill is first heated and come into contact with the cooking element . With slight adjustment this does not seem to impair cooking ability . The interior parts do not align very well but overall the grill does cook well .
 I live in an apartment , so we are required to have an electric grill . It is not as good as charcoal or gas , but , it fills the bill . I think once the grease builds up inside it will add to the taste and make it better . It works very well and went together well even though all the reviews here said it would n't . For what it is I am very satisfied .
 My first Meco grill was the 9300 . It was great , until time to clean it . I moved and decided to give it to Goodwill , because of the cleaning challenge . In June I bought the Meco AUSSIE Tabletop , a bit smaller . but a cinch to clean . I line the reflector with foil that I change every other use and the grill fits in the dishwasher . Assembly , another matter . A clearer schematic in my opinion is needed .
 Its annoying as all hell to assemble , but it cooks great . I 'm glad I bought it . Cooked on it ever since it arrived this week.I 've cooked steaks , Korean BBQ twice , and drum sticks . Tomorrow night , it 's bacon cheeseburgers and hot dogs .
 We use to buy this grill many years ago but switched to another less expensive table top electric grill.Although the other grill worked well the element would stop working within one year . The less expensive grilljust would not hold up . I guess one could say we got what we paid for . We are back to top quality.Tim .
 Over the years , we have owned several Meco electric grills , and have always enjoyed them . The heating elements do n't last forever . They burn out usually after about 2-3 years of use , but considering the cost of propane , they are still much more economical than gas , and also less trouble . Just turn on the switch , and you 're grilling . They cook very well , and produce great tasting foods . We highly recommend them .
 We bought this grill to carry along in our RV . Since we seldom park where there is no electricity , it has been a great little grill ; quick to get into operation , easy to clean and put away .
 Grill seems to work fine , very little smoke etc. . Being it 's electric it takes longer to get hot enough to cook on than a gas grill , but that 's OK . My only issue was ASSEMBLY !! Ridiculous ! It took forever as a balancing act and almost needed four hands . There are certainly a lot of people I 'll bet simply could not do it . I had to get someone stronger than I was to tighten the handle screws . Also the numbers on the assembly picture are very difficult to interpret .
 I really like this grill ! I live in an apartment complex , and gas/charcoal grills are not allowed . This is a great alternative ! Very easy to use . The grates and the reflector pan can be put in the diswasher for easy cleanup . It 's not the best looking grill , but it works great for the price ! Putting it together was a bit of a challenge , directions are n't the clearest . You 'll need a pliers , flat head screwdriver , and phillips screwdriver to assemble . A ratchet may also be useful for the side handle . It creates quite a bit of smoke while cooking - outdoor use only -LRB- unlike similar George Forman electric grills -RRB- . I am one happy customer !
 Meco grills work great and give you that charcoal flavor without the charcoal . This is probably the best brand . Although the charbroil grills are good too . The instructions for assembly are not real good but it only takes about 30 minutes after you waddle through their instructions . Steaks take about 10 to 12 minutes on each side for med well . Their booklet says 3-4 minutes on each side . Do n't go by that .
 I bought this grill for my son in Mn . He was a bit discouraged with putting it together.After using it a few times he says he likes it . Used it for steaks & chops cooking with apple chips to get the smoke flavor , & turned out great.This is a nice grill as it is portable so can be used anywhere and anytime , summer or winter.Quick and easy , not as good as charcoal , but cheaper . I have had one myself for 9 years and I love it .
 The grill works just great . I do nice thick steaks on it as well as veggies and fish . Great for lamb chops also . This is my second Meco 9210 grill . Bought my first one last year and used it as a table top grill . Decided to buy another one -LRB- the old one was getting too messy to work with -RRB- and mounted legs on it so it stands alone . Meco 's other models on stands are too wide for my Condo 's balcony . The 9210 is the smallest rectangular size they make and with steel legs that I added , it works out just fine for me .
 Had to buy an electric grill since the condo we moved into will not allow charcoal or gas . Grill is not quite as good as these others but better than not using a grill . My husband thinks the food is good tasting . I like the convenience of just turning on the grill and it getting hot quickly .
 I am absolutely thrilled with this product . It 's very durable and strong . Lights coals like it 's the 4th of July . Truly a great buy ! A must have for every household .
 If this is the same as the one I bought almost 30 years ago , and it looks to be the same just a diffrent color , it is the best grill I ever owned.you never need water to put the coals out when they catch fire , just close the lidd.the handels on the front are great to adjust the grill.cleans easy , and I love to watch the smoke come from the top of the grill when the cooking is going good.I would not take no gas grill over this one .
 My previous Meco , after 10-12 years of being out in the weather and never being covered , gave up the ghost with rusted through legs.I searched in vain for anything even close to being ajustable ; went to all the local stores and found the round Weber or a knockoff and plenty of gas grills . Glad to find this Meco on Amazon.The assembly is a pain with incomplete directions , but worth the struggle.Glad to have it back like an old friend .
 When my 20 year-old Meco grill was stolen , I was a little disappointed . I remembered what a pain it was to assemble , and I was n't looking forward to doing it again with a new one . I went to the local discount store to get a replacement and all I found was a selection of kettle grills and other non-adjustable models . On to the next store - same story . For the next several weeks , I visited every retailer in Denver and was horrified to discover that a suitable replacement grill was not to be had!My quest ended when I found old reliable here at Amazon.This is by far the best grill I have ever used . The grill height adjustment mechanism is essential if you want to grill a variety of foods . It is the perfect size for a family dinner or a small BBQ . It is lightweight , easy to clean , mobile , and has excellent vent controls ... for small jobs , it is a superior smoker than my Weber bullet.When it arrived , I took on the assembly task with pleasure !
 The product itself is wonderful . All of the parts needed to assemble the grill were included . My only complaint is that there is a front side and a back side to the bowl itself . The assembly instructions do n't point that out . It looks like the handle and legs can go on either side , but they should n't . We had to disassemble then reassemble some of the parts to get it right .
 I 've used a Meco for years . The legs on my old one rusted out but otherwise everything worked fine when I retired it . I 'm glad they still make the thing.The major advantage of this grill is controllability.Between the three adjustable vents and grill height , all accessable from the outside , you can get the fire just right.The top seals well , so that when you close the vents , the coals are quickly extinguished and can be saved for another grilling .
 I 've had a couple of these over the past 20 years.They work great . Unlike the Weber ; s and most others , they 've got a simple and effective adjustment mechanism . For some reason , people do n't realize that different meats require different heat levels . I saw an article in Cook 's Illustrated , which is a good magazine , showing piling up the coals to get them close enough to grill steak . With one of these babies , you just move a lever . Also , it there 's a flair up you just close the cover for a minute . A simple , well-designed , reasonably priced product.The bad
 Great grill . Adjustable grate level makes for even cooking . Works great as a smoker too !
 Lighter weight than earlier models , but still one of the best designs for a grill ever .
 I purchased 2 of the Meco 9303w grills for backup of my other gas and charcoalgrills . I have enjoyed cooking on the grill and use it much more than expected.It is so easy to cook a smaller amount without lighting up one of the other grills.I put one at the office and we will have deer burgers today for lunch .
 We just received our second Meco 9309W Deluxe Tabletop Electric Grill . Our first one lasted us 7 years . We live in a townhouse condo and so we wanted something small and electric . We have it located outside our back door for easy year round use . We love the rotisserie and often cook 2 whole chickens at a time . Roasts come out great too . We love all the meals we cook on it . The biggest problem we have is remembering to empty the grease can , which has nothing to do with the quality of the grill . = -RRB-
 Love it ! Once you figure out how to assemble it , you have a wonderful appliance for outdoor cooking for two . Easy to clean , easy to use and it stores easily because of its compact size . I 'm very pleased that I read lots of reviews and found a produce that is quality top to bottom .
 Now that our kids have moved out , my wife and I needed a smaller grill for just the 2 of us . This grill is just what we needed . It is so easy to use , cleans easily and the food tastes great . The heat control makes cooking simple and there is no worry about flame-ups . Also , the table top model allows us to store it when not in use and its easy to get out when needed . I definitely recommend it .
 Arrived in very good shape and easy to put together . Looking forward to using it and like it very much . Keep up the the good work . Would recommend this item very much
 I have had this grill for a little over a week and have used it about five times , cooking everything from country style ribs , to bratwurst , to hamburgers . It has performed far better than I thought any electric grill could . It is well built , easy to set up , clean , and store.My main fear was that an electric grill could not get hot enough to properly brown meat . This was not a problem . Bratwurst , ribs , and hamburger were brown and crisp and could have been blackened if I had chosen to . I had no issues with uneven heat at all . I also had no flareups -LRB- in other words , the hood works well . -RRB- I want to address two issues raised in the negative reviews . One is of weak/uneven cooking . Properly used , I found it to be neither weak nor uneven . Nor does it cost nearly half a grand , occupy a large amount of space , and weigh well over a hundred pounds like the grill it is apparently inferior to . The other issue was difficulty in cleaning . Well , the 12 x 16 grid lifts off and lays in the bottom of my sink . The glass comes out with the release of two wing nuts . The heat reflector snaps off the heating element and takes about 30 seconds to remove or put back . Once removed it can scraped , wire brushed , washed in the sink , or tossed in the dishwasher . I do n't plan to clean the reflector often -LRB- hey , the more smoke the better -RRB- , but it is not a major challenge.Grill construction is quite sturdy . The grid is heavy 7/32 '' steel and is far heftier and stronger than I expected . The hood hinges are double on both sides and are not flimsy . The finish on the hood and body looks and feels like it will be durable . The steel thickness is about .04 '' or so . The unit felt stable even with the hood open . The handles are strong and nothing flexes or tips when lifting -LRB- with the lid closed !!! -RRB- the grill . The heavy duty electric cord is about 7 feet long.The rotatable heating element/reflector is ingenious . This makes cleaning the reflector possible and enables rotisserie cookery . I do n't plan to use the rotisserie a lot , but it appears to be very well set up . I made sure it functioned , but have not cooked with it.I have used wood smoking chips when doing ribs and that worked quite well . I also used the grill to slow simmer the ribs in a covered aluminum pan after they were seared and smoked . This worked very well , since the thermostat allows a wide range of temperatures.What would I change ? I would make the glass retainer system more foolproof , so that the retainers lock in the correct position and make over tightening impossible . I would also replace the steel grid with cast iron . The black coating on this grid is not going to last and nothing is better than cast iron for grilling.Overall , I love this thing . I have owned many grills -LRB- always charcoal -RRB- over the years . Nothing can match the taste of charcoal . But this little Meco gives excellent results far more conveniently and economically . My ritual of sipping beer , watching smoke waft , listening to drippings sizzle , reveling in the aroma of barbecue , and merging with the Colorado sky has never been so sweet . Happy grilling .
 i moved to a condo with a balcony on which charcoal and gas grills are prohibited , but electric grills are permitted . after years of pleasure with my meco charcoal grill , i was prepared to be let down because electric could never be as good.i am as happy with this electric grill as i was with my charcoal grill . actually , i am as happy with the grilled food as i was before ; it 's the outcome which counts more than the process.there 's nothing more i could ask for .
 This grill fills all your needs for grilling outside . No messing with charcoal , worry about gas leaks and explosions . Just plug it in and go . You can even add wood chips for extra aroma and taste without the hassel . We 're so glad we chose the Meco 9309W Deluxe Tabletop Electric Grill .
 This is my second Meco Model 9309W , bought to replace the first one purchased 15 years ago . We live in Minneapolis and grill every week , all year long , and the Meco is the reason why . It 's just too easy to fire it up and start gilling . The drip pan below the heating element provides pleanty of smokey flavor for burgers , brats , pork chops , steaks , etc. . Turn the heating element to the side to use the rotisserie and we get incredible roast chicken , pork loin roasts , rolled turkey breast , ... anything . Meco has kept the design simple , durable , and compact . Good for any house or appartment with a deck/porch and a nearby electrical outlet , and it 's easy to clean . Meco has their act together !
 Nice Grill . Be sure to break it in with high heat first use . Let it warm up atleast 10 minutes prior to grilling . Nice to buy something MADE IN AMERICA .
 Use this item @ my Fla Condo - ca n't use a gas grille . This grille is good for the money - could n't beat the price anywhere & shipping was prompt . Compared to other electric grilles -LRB- Weber , patio chef etc. -RRB- that I shopped for at the box stores there 's no difference in what they all can do & Meco quality is as good if not better than most . The Meco takes a while to heat up -LRB- approx .10 - 15mins -RRB- but does a good job after it has . The drip pan is finicky to get out & not easy to clean as everything really gets baked on . Covering it with heavy gauge tinfoil solves that problem . As well the shiny side of the tin foil helps in the pre-heating process & cooking . The porcelain grille needs to be sprayed with a cooking oil as , again , things really stick to it due to the proximity of the cooking element . It 's not as good as a gas grille but what electric grille is . For balcony situations it 's ideal & I 'd buy it again .
 Living in high-rise condos means no gas or charcoal grill . So , we 've tried several electric grills . Only this one actually gets hot enough to sear a steak . Perhaps that is partially because of the smaller grill area . Still , it 's large enough for our small dinner parties . For larger amounts of food , like ribs , we simply keep each batch warm in our oven while we cook the next batch.I did not buy the stand that goes with it for $ 70 + . A 3 tier black metal shelving unit -LRB- $ 14 -RRB- works great .
 This is my second Meco electric grill and I love them . The first was damaged by a hail storm and this was a replacement . The damaged one was on a cart , so I removed the grill from it and installed this tabletop version on the cart as a replacement . I grill chicken , steak , pork , hamburgers , hotdogs , shrimp and even did a chicken on the rotisserie over the last few years and everything has turned out perfect . I use the very same cooking times that I did when I used my gas grill and have not experienced any ` loss of heat ' when opening the lid . These have a large cooking service , an easy to use rotisserie , and are so easy to clean . I am so glad I found this brand and would recommend this to anyone . If you do n't have room on your deck or patio for a cart grill , then this would be perfect for you . It 's light and easy to tote back inside after use . And I am amazed at how quickly it cools off after use . A really good buy .
 I spent a lot of time researching table top grills and purchased this model based on the reviews . Bottom line
 Product is great , got two , one for home and one for the lake.Made in USA!Only one suggestion , Mfg needs to package the product better.Received two shipment with damage.The third shipment was OK !
 My boyfriend and I live in a small apartment with no outdoor space and we really missed being able to grill . We purchased the Meco 9309W deluxe grill and could not be happier . In a nutshell , it is one of the best purchases I have ever made . The grill is small enough that we can store it in our apartment . It is unobtrusive and fits so easily in a spare corner that you would n't even know it was there . When we want to use it we simply put it out on our -LRB- very -RRB- small porch and can actually grill from inside . -LRB- Note
 The MECO tabletop grill is easy to use . It is effective and cooks well . I owned a previous one for over 15years . This is basically a replacement after using the old one so much and eventually wore it out . Ihighly recommend this electric grill .
 It is great . It 's works great for living in RV . Small enough to transport , but yet big enough to cook for 4 . It is easy to clean and take care of . Highly recommended for RV life .
 We have an older Meco electric and just loved it , we wanted to upgrade to a barbi am well satified both with the grill and the shipment method , very timely thanks
 this is the second grill I purchased . I had the first one for 7 years before it burnt out . The grill works excellent . I am very pleased with it .
 I ordered this item so I could grill inside or at least easier during the winter months . It arrived quickly and was easy to assemble ... not much to do really . It arrived today and I used it tonight already and I am very happy ! I love that it has a rotisserie also and ca n't wait to use it .
 This Meco Grill is the best and the most convenient grill I 've ever owned . Its very quick at cooking with little to no chance of a fire build up , like with charcoal . I am very satisfied with this grill , I plan to always do all my grilling with a Meco grill .
 Work great . Would be better with the charcoal flavor but when you live where you ca n't have it , at least you can still grill .
 I 've been looking for an affordable electric grill ever since the management at my apartment complex outlawed gas and charcoal grills a little more than a year ago . I have yet to find one in a store around here and most of what I 've seen online was very expensive and not favorably reviewed by their owners -- until now.I spotted Meco 's 9300 series on Amazon a little over a week ago and the price to features ratio looked good , but the positive reviews from owners looked even better . Deciding between the base model 9300 and the 9309w was a no-brainer . The latter included a tempered glass viewing window and a rotisserie kit for about $ 7 LESS than the 9300 ! Care to guess which one I bought?The 9309w was a snap to put together . All it required upon un-boxing it was to install the window glass , attach a retaining clip to hold the heating element and drip pan upright for the rotisserie cooking and bolt on the base . When UPS delivered the grill , it took me about half an hour to go from opening the box to sizzling the burgers.The grill is well constructed and puts out plenty of heat if you wait a few minutes for it to warm up . As with any new grill , it does n't impart much flavor to the meat , although the ribeye I grilled last night was pretty darned tasty . I think rubs , marinades , and sauces may be a bit more of a necessity with this grill than with some others.This tabletop model is also conveniently sized -- big enough to cook up enough burgers to feed a hungry multitude but small enough to pack away neatly in a plastic storage tub with all its accessories.True , this is n't a gas grill and it does n't perform exactly like one , but all in all , I feel like the Meco 9309w is a great value -- especially at Amazon 's heavily discounted price . I look forward to cooking on it more so I can learn to get the best possible results from it .
 I love the Meco 9309W Tabletop Electric Grill . I live in an apartment building with a terrace and gas & charcoal grills are not permitted . I researched electric grills and decided on the Meco . It 's perfect and the food has the taste of being cooked on a grill . It 's easy to use and keep clean . I recommend this grill and would buy another one . Because of health & diet reasons , I use the grill as much as possible .
 The grill is light and can be stored easily in a condo . It meets all the county specs for use on condo balconies . The food tastes just as good as charcoal or gas grills .
 I bought this for my condo because you ca n't have gas or charcoal grills on balconies there . I 'm so glad I did because I 've had both of the other kinds of grills before and this thing is way easier to use and the food comes out tasting just as good or better than the other grilling methods . I will likely never buy a different type of grill . This is the 2nd one I have had . The 1st one lasted about 3 years . That is n't bad considering I live on the Gulf of Mexico and the salt air was constantly eating on it . If I lived inland , it would have lasted much longer .
 I chose this rating , because I am so pleased with this grill . It is quick , clean and no smoke . Food turns out delicious , without the mess of charcoal to be gotten rid of . When cooled you are ready to pack and go . Very easy to keep clean . Have recommended to friends and family .
 Love this grill . Cooks great and is easy to clean . Did n't know it came with a rotisserie attachment . Wonderful bonus ! I highly recommend this grill .
 I had been looking for a grill that I could use on my patio since I live in apartment building and enjoy grilling . I found the Meco 9309W Deluxe Tabletop Grill was my best choice . The hardest part was following the instructions for assembling the rotisserie which turn out being the easiest part to put together . I first made hot dogs , then Bar Q spare ribs . I added wood chips following the soak and foil wrap technique . Boy ! they were great.I like the size and color of the grill . The only thing I ca n't figure out is how to to take the silver plate out to clean it.I do put foil over the grate to keep the food from sticking and falling inside the grill.This grill CAN `` T be used inside the house because of the smoke like any grill may give off.My next project is to roast on the rotisserie . You do need a longer Power cord to reach inside the apartment . I am so proud of my grill.I would recommend this product to anyone it was worth the price I paid . The best part is that the Meco 9309W Deluxe tabletop Electric Grill looks great sitting on top my new bar patio set.If you are looking for a grill for an apartment I highly would recommend this grill , I give this grill 5 ***** .
 i bought this for my lady . it is a perfect lenght for anybody under 6 ft tall . good and sturdy head to it
 I liked the hoe , but it was too short for my boyfriend . It works great . I noticed while gardening everyone goes for my hoe rather than the wood hoe . It does not hurt my hand . We did have to sharpen it during the season , but that is because our dirt has a lot of rocks in it .
 I bought this for my husband because he wanted a hoe with a fiberglass handle . It 's very nice but the handle length is too short for him -LRB- he 's only 5 ' -9 -RRB- and it is now mine .
 For the price this hoe is perty well made and well put togeather and the handel feels nice when you use it and so far so good . We have been working it hard and its doing the job !
 We purchased this so we could grill outside and not stink up the house.It works really well . Cleanup is easy . I wipe down the grid with a wet dishwashing sponge -LRB- with handle so I do n't get burned -RRB- while it is still hot.Another reviewer said that the parts are dishwasher safe but the manual did not say so . I asked customer support and received this response -LRB- after several weeks though -RRB- : `` The grid is dishwasher safe , however the problem is if anything should hit it while it is in the washer , it could chip the porcelain . The pan is also dishwasher save , but washing could cause some rusting , and the pan is not easily removed from the grill . We do have suggestions for cleaning the pan in your owners manual . `` I tried washing the reflector pan in the dish washer but ended up with a dirty dishwasher and dishes . I think I 'll stick to washing the grid and pan in the sink . I do n't need to do this after each time I use the grill as wiping down the grid with a wet sponge helps keep it clean .
 I recently purchased this grill because we have an older model meco grill on our boat , it has performed well . We have ordered replacement heating elements and the control unit from Meco . They are great to deal with , and our 10 year old grill still works fine.This new grill is even better than our first one . The new model has a heating element that is adjustable , and the grill is hotter than our first one . I love the stand with the pull up shelves . You will not be disappointed , it works great and you do not have the wait time for charcoal to heat or the danger of propane gas .
 I purchased this on Amazon to use outside on my deck inside of a screened-in gazebo . I had read all the reviews and looked at all the other electric grills for sale . I had a nice Amazon gift certificate so I figured I did n't have too much too lose . I am so happy I bought this grill ! The assembly was pretty easy , although putting the wheels on was a little tricky . I found it best to hold the wheel nut with a pair of needle nosed pliers and then hammer the nut on the axle pin . It took a few tries but I finally got them on . I let it heat up for about 10-15 minutes then I put on some salmon steaks that I had marinated in soy sauce and maple syrup . I cooked them for about 7-9 minutes with the lid down and then flipped them and cooked them another 7-9 minutes . Let me tell you , this was the best tasting salmon I have ever had ! There were nice grill marks and the salmon was char-grilled to perfection -LRB- I like mine well-done -RRB- . I was so excited with how the salmon cooked , after dinner I cooked some chicken breasts I had marinated in barbecue sauce . Again , great char-grilled chicken ! I am sold on this electric grill after using it for only one day . Hopefully it will hold-up and continue to perform well . I recommend this grill without reservation.UPDATE
 Great product , great price.I live in a condo & therefore can not have a gas grill.I read lots of other reviews online before purchasing an electric grill.This grill lives up to it 's reviews . It heats up fast , cooks fast & the food tastes just like it was cooked on a gas grill.If you use it everyday , the reflector pan needs to be removed & cleaned about once a week . Not a big deal . It 's certainly worth it.Purchase this product from Amazon & shipping is free .
 I 've used Electric Grills for over 30 years . Meco is the best in my opinion . Get the same tasty grilled meats like acharcoal or gas grill , without the fuss . No lava rock needed . Easy to use all year round .
 Purchased this grill from Amazon.com and we love this grill . You do not have flare ups on it so you can put your meal on and not be scared it will catch on fire .
 This is a great little grill . Its quick and does a great job . I do n't have the tune to wait for charcoal and did n't want the hassle of gas . Did a lot of cooking this summer , so I did n't have to turn on my stove . It is important to clean it right away . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I bought this with slight trepidation for a vacation rental that only allows electric grills . I 'm use to gas and nothing beats that option . However , this turned out to be surprisingly good for the technology . Fact is electrics take longer to grill , so do n't expect instantaneous cooked meals , but when all is said and done , it far exceeded my expectations . it 's clean , meals taste no different and easy to clean , no fuss , no muss ...
 My old Weber charcoal grill finally needed to be replaced . I am a little intimidated by the big gas grills , but did n't want to deal with waiting on coals to heat and the mess of cleaning up after , so did n't want another charcoal grill . I found this one and could not be happier . My dughter and I put it together in under an hour and used it right after we finished . We have roasted ears of corn , cooked hotdogs , chicken breasts and steaks all of which turned out perfectly , and the clean up ws fast and easy . We have used wood chips to still have the smoke flavor with it . This is a great option for you if like me you do n't want to deal with charcoal , or are not wiling to try gas .
 This is a must-have for apartment grilling . It warms up super quickly and once you are done , it cools off just as fast -LRB- lowering hazards -RRB- My only issue is that is does not come with a roasterie rod -LRB- Especially since it 's a Roasterie grill -RRB-
 This grill really cooks food fast . The slanted grid proved to be a challenge when the food slid down but that 's a small problem I can deal with .
 I 'm really pleased with the Meco 9325 . Easy to assemble ; relatively small & lightweight ; plenty of room for grilling ; convenient with the adjustable side shelves . Grilling takes a bit longer with the electric element , but it works very well , and the outcome is as good as any other type grill . Replacing the element is a bit pricey , but it lasts a long time , so it does n't need replacement very often . Overall , a really good grill and good value .
 Like others who have commented , my condo assoc. has mandated that because of insurance purposes , we are not allowed a gas grill on the decks . Just got the Meco electric grill 2 weeks ago , and used it once at this point ... pleasantly surprised that the meats grilled were just great . Have n't tried steak yet . The grill itself is very sturdy , and the size is quite adequate for maybe 4 people having hamburgs , hot dogs , etc. . I brought the rack inside for easy cleaning , but it looks like the inside reflector panel will be less easy to tackle.The folding sides on the cart are difficult to put up and down , but a very small consideration . I would recommend this grill .
 Easy to set up , easy to clean , style of the grill looks just like a charcoal or gas grill but no gas or charcoal needed , very quick heat up time food cooks and tastes great very happy with mine would recomend it to anyone , two thumbs up !!
 This was a gift to my daughter and fiance . Aside from the little glitch of putting on the end caps for the wheels , this BBQ grill has been an extraordinary addition to the couple 's residence where gas/charcoal grills are a no-no . The size is perfect for their terrace , not intruding on their space , and the attractive appearance lends the perfect touch to their outdoor BBQ area . Just today I got yet another compliment from them telling me how much they love their grill . This , by far , has been one of the better gifts we have given to anybody .
 My husband & I have used electric grills for about 15 + years , and have been very happy with them . No charcoal/starter fluid taste/residue ! Nice clean , healthy cooking . Almost all the fat/grease is cooked off so we do n't ingest it . Great taste and cooked food quality .
 I LOOKED ALL OVER TOWN AND THE INTERNET FOR A GOOD ELECTRIC GRILL . MOST OF THEM WERE EITHER TOO SMALL OR TOO EXPENSIVE.THIS GRILL GIVES ME 200sq INCHES OF COOKING AREA AND WAS 40 DOLLARS LESS EXPENSIVE THAN THE NEAREST COMPETITOR WHICH WAS MUCH SMALLER . IT DOES AN EXCELLENT JOB OF COOKING.I WILL HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GRILL
 This is my second grill that I have purchased . I bought my first one at K-Mart about 15 years ago . This is not a new item , they have been around for years . The convenience of this Grill is without a doubt the very best . I would recommend it to anyone who is tired of running out of gas or charcoal . It 's the perfect grill and I just love it .
 Excellent Grill , I have cooked steak , fish , chicken and pork chops ! Cooks perfect ~ Holds alot of food for family and friend to eat.Does not take up alot of space either.Thank you , Kay B
 gift to husband . he absolutley loves it and has no problems with any thing . he uses it often and less cooking for me . .
 The Meco 9325 Electric Grill Cart was exactly what I wanted in an electric model . Compact in size and uses electric power instead of propane gas , this grill cooks great . BBQ is easy with the convenient see-through glass window on the cover . The cart with the optional Meco vinyl storage cover is easy to store out of the way when not in use .
 This BBQ is the second one I 've bought . I bought this bbq for my daughter & family . They love it too . The one I have I 've owned and used at least once or twice a week for 10 years . I 've replaced the heating elements and the thermostat a couple of times in that time but anything that you lose will eventually need parts to be replaced . I bought the rotisserie that goes with the bbq as I cook whole chickens in it .
 the first one we ordered was some years ago and we gave it away it would never get warm enough so we are hoping this one will work better , we have not tried it yet . It arrived in a box that was too big and one end was open it looked like it was never taped , fortunately after checking carefully everything was there , dont let anybody tell you it is fast and easy to assemble after hours we finally called somebody in and paid him to finish the job , tonight we will give it a try and we will let you know how it is . We just ordered the cover for it.We have now been using this wonderfull grill for months and love it , it gets very hot . The only drawback is cleaning it , it is not that easy .
 We live in a condo complex on a second floor with a large balcony . We are only allowed to have an Electric Grill . After reading many of the other reviews for the other Electric Grills , I choose Meco because I did consumer research.Having the Grill this summer was a great gift . Food tastes wonderful , does n't take up too much space , has 2 fold out flaps to store food and such . Heats up quickly , easy temperatures gauge.As for cleaning , take the metal rack and rinse with ease . If cleaned quickly after use , like any pot or pan with hot water , stays completely perfect . If not grill residue does build up in the electric area that gives you the heat to grill , and if you wait to long to clean you will smell the burning of the old excess drippings . -LRB- I clean immediate without any issue - the fiance although did not ... -RRB-
 We 've enjoyed this grill for over a year and it works very well . We do n't have a gas hookup on our balconey since we live in an older high-rise condo building , so we are forced to have electric . This grill is the best of all of them . We 've had two Char-Broil grills and both pathetically died after a year . We also tried an electric grill from Home Depot that annoyingly never held a constant temperature . This grill is still going strong and we expect it to for years to come . The hinged door is a must as well as the wooden racks which are not offered with any of the other electric grills . This is our forth electric grill and by far the best .
 This is my second Meco Grill . I use the grill 2 or 3 times a week , year round . It is very sturdy and a high quality product . Most importantly this electric grill generates more heat than any electrick grill I have used before buying a Meco . The amount of heat generated is important for grilling delicious steaks , chops and chicken , that taste as good as if they were grilled over wood or charcoal It was not too dificult to assemble . Since it generates so much heat I found to extend it 's life it was a good idea to line the interrior with heavv duty aluminum foil , to keep the grill clean . My previous Mecco grill lasted 6 years and was still useable . Another plus for this grill is the fact the heating element and control mechanism are easily replaceable and costs a mere $ 40 . This is the only part that might wear out after a few years of heavy use . It was a steal at Amazon for $ 129 with free shipping . It is worth a lot more . Do n't buy the model with a glass window , because it will turn black with soot from cooking and be useless .
 My former grill was this same one . I used it for ten years and loved every minute . I recommend it without reservation .
 received yesterday about 4pm -- aprox 1 hour to assemble -- cooked steaks at 6pm -- outstanding results -- recommend to pre - heat15 minutes and cook with lid closed -- condo-perfect !!!
 I moved into a condo last year on the second floor and had to give up my gas grill -LRB- boo hoo -RRB- since the rules were that I could have an electric grill only . Found the Meco sight , purchased the grill with the rotisserie although have never attached it , it IS a pain in the neck to clean , the inside -LRB- aluminum ? -RRB- piece right underneath the coils has warped from the heat to the point where I need a new one , and if I do n't wash it regularly -LRB- difficult to get in and out and you get very greasy -RRB- it catches on fire since the coils are so close . Ah well , that 's the downfall of an electric grill I guess ... . Also , where the heck do I find those little drip pans that hang right underneath ??? I put a wide dish underneath since I ca n't find any and refuse to create my own and the splatters have just about ruined my deck . I guess I could find maybe a tupperware or something that has high sides that can catch those splatters ... All in all , food does n't taste any different than a gas grill - charcoal I 'm not sure - it does do a good job except for the messiness of cleaning it . I 'm satisfied .
 We moved to a condo a few years ago and could no longer use our gas barbecue . I had no idea that kind of grill was out there ... thought electric grills were only George Foreman style . I bought this grill after doing quite a bit of research . We are very happy with it ... it is a great alternative to charcoal or gas . It 's also really nice to never worry about running out of propane or charcoal . There are several settings for cooking different types of food . It heats up quickly , cooks quickly and the food tastes grilled . My only problem is that there is quite a bit of smoke ... but I guess that just means that it cooks like any barbecue grill . It 's a nice size , was n't too hard to put together , and was easy to learn to use . I would totally recommend this product .
 This is a great product . It does a great job with any type of meat I 've ever cooked on it . It 's a pain to clean though , and unfortunately i had the bright idea to also pressure wash it when I was cleaning the patio this summer . This method created a short in the wiring and now it does n't work ! It had operated perfectly for four years until I damaged it . We are really missing it because I used it at least 3 times a week minimum . I hope to replace it soon . It sure beats the danger of charcoal grilling , the annoyance of gas , and does a much much better job !!
 We are so happy with this grill ! Living in a condo and having it on our deck is the ultimate convenience in grilling . It was easier to assemble than anticipated and the quality of the grill is excellent . Of course the food does n't have that `` grilled '' flavor we were used to , but it 's very good and we 're going to try purchasing `` smoked '' chips for a different taste . I was a little hesitant ordering a grill on-line , but it was a very good choice and I would highly recommend it .
 After having a Char-Broiler patio caddie burn out on us twice , this meco grill was a welcome change . And so far , it 's proven its mettle
 We live in a high rise condo with a 6 ' X 11 ' balcony area with a convenient outside plug . Condo rules state no open flames allowed , so this grill is perfect . For roughly $ 150 bucks this grill unbelievably gives you the flavor of cooking like it is charcoal . Assembly took about 1/2hr , plug it in for 20 minutes initially to burn off the newness and was grilling burgers within the hour . I love the cart , other electric grills we have owned stood on the ground or had to be propped up on a cooler . Meco offers the grill in a few configurations , I recommend the foldaway side tables to save on space during storage , they are very sturdy even-though they fold .
 I use this BBQ in my condo . It is perfect . It seems to be a good quality too . The only thing that I would say is bad is the assembling instructions , but nothing that you ca n't figure out . They use the same instructions to two different models .
 It was the Best Grill I ever Had for 5 months.Then it died . Electric Coil has no heat , seems to be burned out.Since it was less than 6 months old , I called the company and sent them my proof of Purchase.They stated they will send me a new Element and control . Well That was on Dec 17th . It is now Jan. 8th . I have since Called them 3 more times andhave also again forwarded my Proof of Purchase . As of Jan 8th , I still have no part to fix my Grill.I used to Love this Grill and would have given a 5 star review , even if I had to fix/replace a part . But since they have still not sent me the replacement part I guess I will have to go and spend 48 dollars and purchase a replacement part.The reason for my low review score is due to the Fact this company seems to have a very piss poor customer service dept. *** Update *** Same day I wrote this review the UPS truck finally delivered my replacement part.Sad I had to call 4 times and wait 22 days . But at least I finally got it.This is a good grill , used it a lot in the 1st 5 months.I love that I can cook at almost any temp . great for fish , burgers , wings , veggies. , etcand good for using on my screened in porch.I 'll see how long the new coil lasts . Hope it is not a every 6 month expense .
 When you ca n't have charcoal or gas on a condo deck , this is a great option . Good size and does a better job grilling meats than expected !
 This grill is perfect for condo living where you ca n't use a gas grill . Cooks food up fast and tastes like real BBQ.Easy to clean and use . .
 We have had this grill over 2 years and it has been perfect . No complaints ... Plug in , wait 8-10 minutes and just like any other type of heat .
 We use our Meco Electric Grill year round . We live in Phoenix where it is not unusual for the summer temperature to be 110 degrees . Sure beats lighting the indoor oven.We do n't know how we would manage without the Meco Grill . We would still be using our six-year old Meco Grill if the wind had n't knocked it over and broken the glass window . Large cooking surface . Great for cooking meat , fish and vegetables .
 We got this because only electric grills are allowed on balconies . It was easy enough to put together . The grill has been great because clean up is a breeze with the dishwasher proof insides . I enjoy ordering big things from Amazon because I do n't have to load my car and carry it home . I love it !
 I 've had this grill little over a week and I love it . I 've made chicken pieces , thick steaks , thin steaks and am right now making a rotisserie chicken and it 's spinning and cooking away !! Chicken has been great every time but steaks need a very hot grill and some trial and error when it concerns the time . But over all an excellent purchase.There are 4 grilling element positions for cooking . Flat grilling , Dual - this is a slight tip of the grilling element and gives you a very hot and a slightly cooler grill top to work with , Rotisserie and cleaning.My one and only complaint is that when we first got the grill the control arm would slip from the flat grilling to the dual grilling position because of the heavy electric cord . At first because I have the side tables , I would use the side tables help me prop up the cord so it would not go into the other position . But recently my husband took apart the heating element arm . -LRB- You 'd have to do it if you wanted to replace the part in the future - which we were not doing but were curious about how it would come apart -RRB- He was able to tighten it up and now the grill stays right in place.Heats very quickly !
 Medco electric grill is an excellent product , I have had one for may years and was happy to purchase another through amazon . com The grill came within days nad there was no delivery charge .
 Had this grill a couple of months now and it works fine , will cook 1.1 / 2 pound porterhouse stake with no problems , heats up fast , and no flame 's to burn meat like a gas grill
 Great for light outdoor cooking . It replaced a MECO we had for over 20 years that finally gave up the ghost . Cooks burgers very evenly and quickly . Slightly complicated to assemble and was disappointed in delayed delivery time .
 Grill cooks nicely . The only problem is the tilt of the face . You have to be careful to not let your food slip off . Cooks just like a gas grill .
 I 'm `` REALLY ! '' in to a healthier lifestyle , and subscribe to `` several '' respected health e-zines .1 . 15 + years ago I read tests that charcoal BBQ 's - really put `` LOTS '' of very bad carciniogens into your meat ! 2 . So I went to a gas BBQ . Not as good tasting as charcoal , but `` SUPPOSEDLY '' healthier?NOT ! - Now I read tests that gas BBQ 's are little healthier than charcoal ! The `` deadly '' carciniogens are in the drippings smoke - coming from the hot lava rocks below ! 3 . So I now go to the MECO electric grill.Pros-a . Healthier - as virtually no smoke -LRB- grill/elements are steeply slanted , and drippings collect in a handy pan under the grill -RRB- . b. No having to mess with expensive propane gas ... c. Well made , and sturdy.d . Low fire danger - Acceptable for most apartment complexes . ASK!e . Sears steaks well -LRB- preheat on high for 15 + min , and close lid FAST ! Requires a `` Heavy Duty '' electric outlet ! -RRB- . Cooks just as fast -LRB- or faster -RRB- than gas . BUT , `` NO ! '' BBQ taste ! You will probably need a marinade ... Good `` web search '' recipe I found for steaks...-I pre-mix & rub in , a blend of-salt -LRB- `` AlsoSalt '' - is very healthy and GOOD tasting ! -RRB- , black pepper , chili powder -LRB- all in equal parts ... -RRB- , and a little cayenne pepper . You can also add any other seasonings you like , to taste ... PAM makes a `` High Temp '' cooking spray , for the grill ONLY -LRB- leaves a `` varnish like '' residue on pans ! -RRB- . AMAZING ! CLEANING TIP , for burned on ... foods !!! This works on ALL pans/grills ... -1 . Clean/scrub conventionally ... , as best you can .2 . Mix a little water with Comet , and make a paste . Wipe on burned surface . Place in a sealed plastic bag/garbage sack ... , and leave for 24 hours .3 . Should now clean easily with Dawn & scouring pad ... -LRB- may take two applications ? -RRB- .4 . Cons-a . This is difficult and time consuming -LRB- 2 + hours ! & I 'm VERY handy ! -RRB- , to assemble!Tips - Pounding on the axel end caps was a challenge -LRB- finally laid it on it 's side , and put a 1/4 drive socket -LRB- for backing , on the other end -RRB- -RRB- & hold cap with pliers.You will surely drop screws ... !!! -LRB- I put an old sheet underneath it -RRB- .
 Because we ca n't have gas or charcoal we sought out electric and was surprized that it fits our way of cooking . It takes a little longer to cook but the wait is worth it . It 's all-round heating process makes life easier for us to cook . We love it . Thanks . Bob Boisselle , Elmhust N. Y.
 While putting it together we noticed two little end pieces were missing , but that was of little consequence . Also noted ... the hole that is for drainage to a little outside cup is up too high to be of any use . We put a sheet of aluminum foil to line the bottom to catch any drippings.The tray is also hard to remove as directed . If the grid was set a little forward it would come out easier.The unit heats up quickly and does a great job with steaks , fish . Did cook hamburger that was n't as lean as label said , and with the heat on high there was a fire . That can happen on any electric grill . I have another electric grill at different home and I like this one better . An improvement would be an outside indicator of what the temperature is inside the closed grill.I basically like this grill a lot . It 's not expensive and does a nice job .
 Very good grill for small patio or terrace . Excellent `` two person '' grill . Fairly easy to put together . Simple to use . Very good for grilling hamburgers , hot dogs and the ocassional ribeye steak . Good bang for the buck .
 This is the third electric grill I have purchased and I use them all year around . This grill is easy to use , gives excellent service for the price and lasts for a long time . I would highly reccommend this product .
 So much more convenient that gas or charcoal , that I find myself grilling more often . I rely heavily on this product for dinner preparation .
 We moved recently to an apartment complex that does n't allow gas or charcoal grills on the patios or balconies . Grilling has been a way of life for us so we decided to try the Meco electric cart grill . Most of the time there are only 2 of us so this grill is a good size . My only complaint is that it is not as hot as gas so we are having to make adjustments in cooking times but with the help of the enclosed booklet and some practice we will master it .
 My husband was suffering from extreme barbecue grill withdrawal here in this 2nd floor condo in Florida where no gas or charcoal grills are permitted . I tried the Forman grill . He hated it . Frankly , I did n't jump for joy with the way it cooked our food either . In desperation I ordered this grill for him after he had researched all available electric grills with a low price point . This little grill is terrific ! Thus far he has barbecued chicken wings , hamburgers , lamb chops and steaks . All were cooked to perfection and tasted great ! The grill is easy to assemble , easy to clean and easy to move around . The only drawback is that this model does n't work for the rotisserie attachment . You need to purchase the window model for that . Had I known just how good the food would taste , I would have ordered the window model instead . We are very happy with our purchase and would recommend it to anyone finding themselves in the same predicament.Meco 9320 Electric Cart Grill , Satin Black
 The perfect grill for a quick grilling for a small crowd or a couple . Will not flare up and get your food on fire . Also , give off that great smoked taste .
 This grill is the best for my needs . I do n't have to worry about filling up a tank and running out of propane.Cooks all meats and veggies with no problems . So its a pro all the way around . The rotisserie is great as well.cooked a few chickens on it and they were perfect . Would not want any other grill . I do use and extension cordand it does not affect the grilling of the temp at all . I use it several time thru the week and every weekend so far.will use it in the cold weather as well . Great product for the money ...
 We got this a few weeks ago and we love it . We moved and can not have a gas grill . After having gas for over 40 years we did not think we would like the electric , but we used this about 3 times and so far we made great steaks and pork chops . I have not tried chicken on it , but that will be my next use . It is perfect for us at this time .
 Great purchase ! Delivery was prompt and we were eating food cooked on grill in no time at all . This is a very sturdy grill made very well . We have cooked roasts on the rotisserie and burgers and veggies on the grill and all tasted awesome . The first thing we cooked on the rotisserie was a chicken and this was the juiciest best tasting chicken . The burgers have that grilled flavor that I love.As you put it together note that you are following the directions for your right model I got lost once reading the wrong model.Really glad we bought the Mecco Aussie 9329W .
 Had to get my son-in-law assemble it and my cousin-in-law to christen it ! Great GRill Where you are restricted to electric ! Did 4 Gigantic porterhouses and two burgers the next day . Worth the money if you can not go charcoal or gas .
 This 9300 unit was purchased in 1972 , making it 's 40th anniversary ! Just ordered a new element , my 3rd , everything else works fine . Usually cook on it once a week and people ca n't believe the results , great for chicken , sauage , and steaks . Originally bought the one I use now and another unit at a going out of business sale for a backup , it is still in the box in the garage , hope I live long enough to put it together . -LRB- I 'm 64 -RRB-
 This is great for back porch patios and quick grillin . My wife loves the ease of use and does not have to mess with the Gas or Charcoal grills which i have . When its on it on and when off , its off . Can rotoserie which we have not done yet , but i am sure she will . It was not too difficult to put together ease . If you live in a condo or appartment especally vacationing on the coast , this is a great grill . It is electric so campgound grilling may bot be available unless a/c is close by .
 I live in a highrise condo where we ca n't have a propane or a charcoal bbq . This item works great and is less messy than the patio caddie that it replaced . -LRB- Mine did n't come with white wall tires -RRB-
 I have grilled on this thing at least twice a week for the past year . I have had to adjust my grilling style to work with the grill since it is not the same as grilling on charcoal or propane . The rotissiere system works great and puts out a great bird . I would rather have charcoal or propane since it heats up much better , but I live in a condo that will not allow anything but electric . This is by far the best electric grill and I stand by the Meco product .
 This is the best item I have purchased in a long time . It has all the grill features and best of all it is electric . No charcoal smell and no propane smell . Just food and fresh air smell . EXCELLENT PRODUCT Everyone should buy one .
 This is just as I expected , so much cleaner than charcoal and cheaper than gas . Now I just wish someone would put out a cookbook for electric grills ...
 I know that there are some mixed reviews on this product . Assembly was pretty easy . Some minor parts were missing . For $ .79 at the local hardware store it was n't worth calling the customer service to replace the parts . I 've been using this grill non stop for about 1 month with no problems . No sliding off of the food as other people have stated . The grill gets really hot , sears meat . Steaks have come out great . Chicken is delicious ! Obviously nothing beats a charcoal grill . I think this one does the job of a simple gas grill and was really my only option since I live in NYC .
 It is still somewhat early to review this product , as I have only used it 3 times so far . I have cooked chicken breasts , pork loin , and turkey burgers . The grill was quite simple to put together , just make sure before you start that you separate all of your hardware so you know you have it all , and you do n't accidentally use the wrong item in the wrong place . I researched electric grills on-line quite thoroughly , and found this to be the best . Meco is n't even available in CO so I purchased it through Amazon with absolutely zero issues ... as usual.VERY IMPORTANT
 Simple to use . Easy to maintain . Excellent instructions and cooking guidance . Esp good for roasts , London Broils , and the like .
 I 've had this grill for almost a year and am very pleased with it . The food comes off nicely charred and has a great bar-b-que taste.I 've used it for chicken , steaks , and burgers on the grate , and pork loins on the rotisserie . It cooks everything quickly and evenly.Two neighbors had this same model grill and recommended it . One said it was delivered next day . I thought that was an exaggeration . I ordered it from Amazon at approximately 1:00 PM one day and it was delivered by 10:30 AM the next . I was amazed . Assembly was easy . It took less than an hour.Those complaining about food sliding or rolling off of the grating are installing it incorrectly . There are two tabs pressed into the metal in the back of the grill . The rear of the grating should rest on these.I highly recomment this grill .
 This grill is wonderful . It heats up in a flash , cools down just as quick when shut off so you never have to worry about the hot coals around children . I also like the fact that I do n't have to keep buying coals for the standard grill or even worrying about when the gas will be empty on the gas ones . But the main reason for the electric was knowing that my food would n't be contaminated by chemicals . It could be better if it were a little bigger and perhaps had a shelf for corn , but I would n't pass it up because of it . I have n't had the chance to use the rotissere , but knowing it came with it is a plus . And clean up will also be easy because a little easy off oven cleaner will keep it sparkling . Try that with an ordinary grill !
 Last night I used this grill 's rotisserie to make a three pound bone-in pork roast . It was perfect
 The rotisserie grill is nice and convenient . The one problem I have with the heating element is it wo n't stay up in the rotisserie position . The design is not sturdy enough to hold it up . There is a weak indention type catch on the side .
 I highly recommend this grill . Here is what I like :1 . Size = great space saver and saves on electricity -LRB- not heating up a huge oven and house when using .2 . Prewarms very fast and is ready by the time I get food out to it3 . You can use the prepacked small wood chips in it for true smoke flavor -LRB- cleaup is a breeze -RRB- 4 . cooks quickly about 10 minutes for a big burger or steak .5 . food flavor from this unit is great6 . uses 110 volt so no special wiring , plugs , or cords7 . has a nice length of cord to reach without needing extensions8 . comes with a rotisserie9 . my steaks come out just right . only took a couple times to get used to cooking10 . seems to take weather well , has been in 115 degree heat many days -LRB- summer -RRB- and even some rain . I bought a cover but we use this so much I rarely cover it . Will in winter though . should last for several years without worry . not bad for electric . you might want to cover it in a wet area to protect the electric controls and such .11 . small size but can easily cook for family of 4 or even more.What I do n't like -LRB- only 1 thing -RRB- :1 . the tiny foil drip pan under it . Not sure where to get another . They should have make a holder under it for a bean can , paint , or coffee can for use as a drip pan like most others do . Most likely will make one on my own that will last.I would definitely buy this one again .
 Compact . Few options for condo owners who like to grill out . Fairly cheeply made out of stamped metal . Cooks well however . Taste is similar to gas grills . Ca n't comment on durability .
 Love to grill but ca n't have propane on my Terrace . For an electric grill I am happy . Held up out doors uncovered all summer and into January still working and looking good .
 Works like a charm and no gas or charcoal taste ! Rotisserie works perfect . I bought thebaskets that go with the rotisserie , just set it and forget it !!
 I 've always loved to grill , but the apartment I 've lived in for the last several years is in an area that prohibits patio BBQ Grills . And , thinking that I would n't like aan electric grill I did without , until now . The itch for a good BBQ steak and outdoor grilling finally caused me to cave and buy the Meco 9329 . I 'm glad I did ! Great price . Easy to assemble . Gets every bit as hot as a charcoal or propane grill , and with wood chips you can even get that real BBQ smokiness.My next purchase will probably be the Meco Smoker .
 My apartment complex does not allow open flame grills . At first , we thought we 'd have to make due with an indoor-type table top grill such as a George Forman . Then we found this electric BBQ that fits nicely into the corner of our balcony . It 's nice not to have to worry about propane or charcoal ; you get to flip burgers and watch over your food -LRB- my husband likes that -RRB- ; it allows you to vary the temperature across the grill ; and you can char the food for an authentic taste . You can cook with either the lid closed or open . Instructions say you can use wood chips with it for a smokey flavor ; we have not tried it . We also have n't tried the rotisserie option yet ; maybe this weekend . I would recommend this grill as a great alternative to gas or charcoal .
 This is the first electric grill I 've ever purchased and I 've been nothing but pleased with the results . Is it as good as a gas grill ? No , but it 's a very close 2nd . It took my husband about 15 minutes to assemble it . -LRB- I 've read other reviews where people complained that 3 hrs later they still did n't have it put together - while I do n't know them personally , I would say they are challenged . -RRB- . The first thing I cooked were some big messy ribs from Tony Roma 's . Best damn ribs I ever had!Cleanup is easy as long as you do n't put it off to until the next day . I fill the kitchen sink with hot water and then put the grill rack straight into the water while it 's still hot - it makes it easier to clean it that way . The reflector shield will also clean up easily if you clean it soon after using it . I use an S.O.S. pad to clean mine.I 've noticed a lot of people complaining about the little drip pan under the grill getting holes in them or getting mangled out of shape . You can get replacement pans from the grocery store - they 're just small loaf pans . Cost me $ 1.69 to buy a pack of 4 . I 've cooked ribs , steaks , chicken , veggie kabobs , fish and I 've even cooked a whole chicken using the rotisserie . The grill comes with a cooking guide which tells you the temp and cooking time for the different foods . It 's pretty accurate.Occasionally the grill will smoke - that does n't bother me because I like the smoky flavor . Reminds me of when I could have a grill with flames :-RRB- I 've never had a fire , and I 've never blown a fuse using this grill.Here are some tips to remember :1 . -RRB- You 're using electricity , so PREHEAT the grill before trying to cook with it . You would n't put your chicken in a cold oven would you ? 2 . -RRB- Open the grill cover as seldom as possible . Every time you open it you 're letting the heat out . A quick open to turn the meat wo n't release too much , but if you 're going to be longer than that you 'll need to add 5 minutes to your cooking time to allow the grill to heat back up .3 . -RRB- Keep in mind that the outside temperature will affect how quickly the grill gets up to temperature and how quickly it recovers from loss of heat due to opening the lid . The cooler it is outside , the longer both will take . You will also need to adjust the temperature to compensate for the outside temperature.I bought this grill in June 2012 , and used it nearly every day through September and I have not regretted this purchase . I would recommend it to anyone and everyone .
 ITS GREAT . I USE IT ALL THE TIME . THE GRILL IS EASY TO CLEAN . I AM A WIDOWER AND LIVE ALONE SO ITS JUST THE RIGHT SIZE , NOT TO BIG NOT TO SMALL .
 This is a great little grill . I purchased it about two years ago for my daughter who lives in an apartment complex where they 're not allowed to have gas or charcoal grills . I did n't purchase it from Amazon - I wish I had as they had it for less and the shipping was free . My daughter has used the grill quite a few times and loves it . I 've cooked steaks , whole chickens , shrimp , and fish on it when visting her and I thought it did a great on all of them .
 We needed a grill for apartment use but wanted one with a stand . We bought the Meco and are very satisfied with it . It was difficult to assemble but once together it is fine . The flat drip pan is difficult to get in and out to clean but cleans easily . The grate is easy to clean , aply pam before cooking and put in the dishwasher after ... clean.We bought a cover at K Mart that does the job and all is good.Andrea Messer
 even though it is compact , it still cooks a great steak . large enough to cook 12 burgers or so , perfect for condo 's that do n't allow gas grill .
 This grill was purchased because we live in a condo . It was easy to assemble , and fits on our balcony perfectly . There 's no fuel to mess with and it 's always ready to cook . We regularly add moistened wood chips to get the great smokey flavor . We 've used the rotisserie to cook a Cornish Game hen and the grate for Mahi-Mahi and steaks . Best grill for our application .
 Virtually all the bad reviews involved people who failed to read and follow the instructions with the possible exception of a defective product -LRB- nothing is perfect -RRB- . I have owned several electric grills thru the years and what makes the one stand out is its versatility . It cooks steaks well just be sure to preheat the grill for at least 15 to 20 minutes with the cover closed and it gets the job done . Hambergers dito . It also does a great job at rotissering the bird of your choice . If you follow the excellent suggestion made by a previous reviewer and line the grill with heavy foil clean up is pretty easy . Assembly with the proper tools is no big deal . . I had to fix some shipping damage along the way and still got it done in less than 1hr . I do think the instructions could be better with perhaps a few more illustrations . Personally I think the construction at this price point is very good . Lots of expensive powder coating instead of paint for instance . Parts can be bought at reasonable prices . Example , the heating element and CONTROLLER cost $ 50.00 . Do not buy the Amazon recommended cover , tried it and found the Weber cover # 6553 a better fit . Good quality and extends all the way down to about 1 '' from the ground . You will have to fold the serving tables down but that 's no big deal . If your grill is like my example you would be hard pressed to find a better electric grill for the buck . Just read all the instructions VERY carefully and follow them and it will get the job done you have my word on it . Happy cooking and God Bless .
 What a great grill this is . Easy to assemble . Cooks beautifully.Perfect for the condo we live in.The only challenge was learning to cook with electric versus propane . But just imagine , never running out to get more propane in the middle of cooking.As for the drip pan some folks thought was cheap , these are disposable mini loaf pans and are replaced at minimun cost and are available at your local grocer or department store.I highly recommend this porduct .
 This grill was real easy to put together with a small drill and a philips head driver , very sturdy ! Directions were easy to follow . If you put the rack in the correct position , on the bump outs below the lid to the rear , it is level and not on an angle like some have reported . You can cook in three positons
 After looking at several different electric grills , we chose the Meco Aussie 9329W with the rotisserie and sits on the cart . We love the RED grill ... maybe it 's a `` Cornhusker '' thing.We needed an electric grill to put on our condo balcony here in Florida , and it fits and works great.You need only a screwdriver and hammer to set up the cart & grill , and it only took about an hour.The first meal we prepared was Swordfish , Maui Maui , Crab cakes , asparagus , and little Dutch potatoes.Everything turned out delish.Being a `` gas grill '' owner/operator all my life , this does a very good job.Steaks are on the menu tonight.Delivery from Amazon was quick , took only 3 days .
 I wish i had bought an electric Bar-B-Q years ago . What a difference in taste/ease of cooking/and $ $ $ saving . I would never again use propane or charcoal . This is the `` GREATEST '' purchase of this summer.Mel Pearson
 Very happy with the Meco 9359W ... rotisserie works fantastic ... grill is easy . Pleased with the results of chicken , steak and fish . Will use it on a regular basis ... more fun than the kitchen oven . Tasty and juicy and handy . No charcoal or propane to buy ... just plug it in and you 're ready .
 Always a charcoal man , but since I moved to a Nazi Condo community electric is the only alternative . this grill works great and shipped so fast I could not believe it . Ordered , received and put together -LRB- 1 hr -RRB- within 24 hours , Reno , NV to Jackson , NJ ! -LRB- shipping $ 10.99 -RRB-
 I 'm `` REALLY ! '' in to a healthier lifestyle , and subscribe to `` several '' respected health e-zines .1 . 15 + years ago I read tests that charcoal BBQ 's , really put `` LOTS '' of very bad carciniogens into your meat ! 2 . So I went to a gas BBQ . Not as good tasting as charcoal , but `` SUPPOSEDLY '' healthier?NOT ! - Now I read tests that gas BBQ 's are little healthier than charcoal . The `` deadly '' carciniogens are in the drippings smoke - coming from the hot lava rocks below ! 3 . So I now go to the MECO electric grill.Pros-a . Healthier - as virtually no smoke -LRB- grill/elements are steeply slanted , and drippings collect in a handy pan under the grill -RRB- . b. No having to mess with expensive propane gas ... c. Well made , and sturdy.d . Low fire danger - Acceptable for most apartment complexes . ASK!e . Sears steaks well -LRB- preheat on high for 15 + min , and close lid FAST ! Requires a `` Heavy Duty '' electric outlet ! -RRB- . Cooks just as fast -LRB- or faster -RRB- than gas . BUT , `` NO ! '' BBQ taste ! You will probably need a marinade ... Good `` web search '' recipe I found for steaks...-I pre-mix & rub in , a blend of-salt -LRB- `` AlsoSalt '' - is very healthy and GOOD tasting ! -RRB- , black pepper , chili powder -LRB- all in equal parts ... -RRB- , and a little cayenne pepper . You can also add any other seasonings you like , to taste ... PAM makes a `` High Temp '' cooking spray , for the grill .4 . Cons-a . This is difficult and time consuming -LRB- 2 + hours ! & I 'm VERY handy ! -RRB- , to assemble!Tips - Pounding on the axel end caps was a challenge -LRB- finally laid it on it 's side , and put a 1/4 drive socket -LRB- for backing , on the other end -RRB- & hold cap with pliers.You will surely drop screws ... -LRB- I put an old sheet underneath it -RRB- .
 This grill is great . It took about an hour to assemble but it was relatively easy . It 's a good size -LRB- you could easily grill a couple of steaks on it -RRB- plus the rotisserie feature is nice . It heats up quickly and cooks the food evenly . The grill itself is sturdy and thick and leaves nice grill marks on the food . It is removable and easy to clean either by hand or in the dishwasher . The side trays are also removable and are a heavy duty plastic that can be put in the dishwasher . If you choose to you can put some hickory chips in the bottom of the unit next to the heat coils , then close the hood and smoke the food , which gives the food a great hickory smoked flavor . There is a drip tray at the bottom of the unit that is easy to remove and clean . I like the fact that this grill is environmentally friendly and I never have to worry about running out of gas halfway through my cooking . All in all , this is a great grill and I 'm very happy with it .
 I really love this grill . I am able to turn it on and in just a few minutes later , ready to grill ! no muss , no fuss . I was successful in putting it together myself without any difficulty . It took about an hour . I really feel better about using this grill in terms of less pollution/better for the environment .
 I am very pleased with this grill - the only comment I have it is a little difficult to take the tray out to clean . The food does not taste like a charcoal grill but it is extremely close and probably a lot healthier . I am pleased with this grill .
 After reading some of the reviews about the Meco electric grill , I was alittle skepticle about purchasing one . I live in a Co-op so I have no choice , if I want to grill which I like to do all year round its gon na have to be an electric grill.In short its great . Takes alittle getting used to . I found letting it warm up for ten minutes seems to help . Stay close though as it will cook faster than it appears on the outside . The first few burgers and steaks were alittle dry from over cooking . The only downside I have is the glass window which has since I have owned the grill , fallen in several times due to the clip that supports the glass is alittle short . Otherwise get one and happy grilling ...
 We were hosting a business event for our Potomac CAD clients and purchased the Meco 9359W Electric Grill because we could n't worry about the possible fire hazzards of Charcoal or Propane . While we thought about the loss in the quality of our Bar-b-que , we found that this grill cooked the meat perfectly ! Everyone was impressed with our use of electric for many reasons but mostly because it cooked some great food and produced some wonderful flavor . I would recommend this grill to any backyard cook and businesses as well . - Craig Chaney , President , Potomac CAD , Inc. .
 I live in an apartment complex and this grill has been the perfect grill for me . I can use it on my balcony ! I recommend it !
 So far , the Meco Electric Grill has met our expectations . We are condo owners and there is a restriction on gas grills . We have not been able to determine a significant difference in taste on meats cooked on the electric grill versus a gas grill . Cleaning is not as easy as we would like but I do n't think any grill can be made to be easily cleaned . We are very pleased after having and using the grill for about 3 weeks.Meco 9325 Deluxe Electric Cart Grill , Satin Black
 I live in a condominium where we are not allowed gas grills . I had a previous version of this grill and always loved it . I like the fact that you could put briquettes on the bottom grate so after it is used a few times , the drippings help make the food taste more like actual gas/charcoal grilling . I love it !
 I 've used this as a grill and a smoker so far . It 's okay as a grill . It works great as a charcoal smoker . I did a rack of spare ribs and they turned out tender with great flavor . Best ribs I 've ever made . The only complaint is in how it arrived . The smoker body came out of the box slightly flattened on the sides even though there was no visible damage on the box . I used a rubber mallet to tap the body back into a circular shape before assembly , and everything fit together after that . If Amazon or Meco beefed up the box for shipping I would have no complaints . Otherwise , the smoker itself is a great value .
 Excellent product - this our second smoker - the first provided service for us for 15 years !
 There is a mistake in the description of this item . It is NOT the model with a viewing window . Reviews I read said the window is important because an electric grill loses a great deal of heat when the top is opened.After I sent a message about the first grill , Amazon quickly sent UPS to pick it up and immediately delivered a second grill . Once again , no viewing window . Again , Amazon sent UPS to pick up the second grill and and gave me full credit . However , despite Amazon 's efficient and responsible policies , the site still contains an incorrect description of the Meco grill 9350 . It has no viewing window .
 Great product , easy to put together , easy to use . not heavy and bulky , like a gas grill , but durable and strong .
 This is the second MECO electric grill that we have purchased . The first grill was bought for our daughter who went off to college and lived in a condo . She moved back home when I became ill , and along with her came the grill . We loved it ! We used it so much that when she moved out again , we felt we needed to buy her a new one ! It is easy to assemble and transported in two pieces in her car . I am pleased with the product and with the way in which Amazon handles all my purchases . This is a FIVE-STAR Product .
 This keeps mosquitos and biting flies off of my dog . It works great and is safe . I highly recommend liquid net for pets .
 I used this on my cat and the screened porch upholstered furniture . So far so good !
 I sprayed all over my apartment this summer when fleas were really out of control around here and this did the trick ! No more fleas .
 This is an inexpensive well made feeder . I adore the fancy ones , but they often fall apart . This one is doing fabulous !
 Just got this tiller today and I moved some mulch around for some new plants to spruce up the place . It had dirt flying out of the way and it 's construction is quite strong , solid feel in your hand .
 It cooks so good the wife wants me to use it every day.Its great.Put the meat on , walk away for hours , come back take it off and enjoy .
 I bought two of these on amazon.com because theyre like $ 20 cheaper -LRB- each -RRB- than if you order them off the Sog website . I gave one as a gift to a friend and kept one for myself . So when I got it in the mail , the first thing I noticed was how nice it felt . Just the overall quality was great but I was disappointed to find out the handle is n't made of wood like I read in another review . Its made of fiberglass and after a couple of throws the handle broke . Same thing happened to my friends . You can still throw it because the actual handle is steel but just the fiberglass grips cracked . Other than that I 'm pretty happy with my purchase . Its easy to throw and gets stuck almost every single time and I 'm no pro .
 The picture itself is true and accurate - this product is what you see when you get it - it is the real thing - if your looking for this to outfit a hunting pack or for general outdoor use you will not be disappointed .
 This was a gift for my brother . He loved it !! It will be a great addition to his collection ill be buying more SOG products in the future .
 looks great on my desk as a paper weight . cant wait to stick this thing in a log !! build quality is great
 Hi I was looking for this Sog Battle-Ax and I had found it on Sog website the Ax cost twice as much as it did when I found it here on Amazon . . This is a great gift thank you so much Amazon . .
 Purchased this item one week ago , arrived with a couple dents , whatever . A hammer and all good . Smoked ribs yesterday , 2 hours smoking at medium with vents on top half open . 2 hours in the oven after that , awesome ! Now the top lid does n't fit to tight , but used aluminum foil and works just fine , or could use no aluminum foil and just close the vents on top . They say use high setting for smoking , do n't do it , use medium otherwise your delicious grindz will dry out . All in all a very easy and simple unit to setup and use , do n't burn your hand messing with the wood chips or chunks during smoking , but do n't be shy about the amount . Seriously for this price with free shipping . A must have . And do n't let the charcoal smokers fool you , the smoke from wood chips provide the flavor and not charcoal .
 First let me say that I am not a cook , But I have gotten nothing but rave reviews on the BBQ briskets and chicken that I have done on this great little smoker . An eight pound brisket fits quite well on the top shelf , while a chicken and some links snuggle on the bottom shelf . I followed the cooking times given in the Meco instruction sheet for all items , and the results are Great ! Both mesquite and hickory have yielded excellent flavors . We ca n't wait to try some other fruitwoods and rubs.Given the price of this smoker , I find the quality to be right on . I can , and have , recommended this water smoker to friends and family . It is well made , Very easy to use and very easy to clean up -LRB- both grates and the water pan clean up well on the pots-n-pans setting on our dishwasher -RRB- . If you are looking for a good , easy-to-use home smoker , look no further ... You 've Found It in the Meco .
 I looked at many smokers and this one seems to be the best built for the price . That is a very key thing to remember when purchasing this type smoker . The steel is cheaper in all these type models . We have smoked a few things and so far it has done a great job . Do n't open the top very often though ... you lose heat very quick and it takes a long time to reheat .
 I dare not submit a review about a smoker -- we New Yorkers are smart enough to know to get in the back seat when it comes to BBQ and college football -- but this little baby has done me right . Ok , do n't laugh , but I also bought wood chunks online , but we do n't have Hickory and Mesquite wild as weeds on Long Island . Took just a bit to set her up , a few minutes more to read the directions twice then get her warmed up . It did a great job on my spiced -LRB- and mopped -RRB- ribs ... ca n't get those around here either . Bottom line
 I received my smoker just in time to use for Thanksgiving dinner . We smoked the turkey # 2 via directions of smoker after putting it together . We smoked the turkey 1/2 way through then finished off in another type cooker after 1st turkey was done . We knew we would not have time for the total smoking of the turkey , but wanted to test it out . It appeared to work well so far . The real test will be after trying other foods and complete the process . The smoker did not require much wood chunks to get the smokey flavor . I will try to update the review once we cook in it again . I think this will be easy and will probably get the job done as expected .
 The smoker was easy to assemble . Went together without much problem . It worked well and did a great job of smoking a chicken ! Well worth the $ for home smoking . Would be nice if the ashes could be cleaned out without having to unscrew heating element - but , not a big hassle .
 this was a birthday gift ... we love it , smoked fish the first time and it tasted wonderful . Easy to use , easy to clean . its perfect .
 The smoker is very usefull , but it come to me , deformed , the cilynder was not a cylinder , the top cap , was deformed too , but the greater disapointment was
 The smoker is very usefull , but it come to me , deformed , the cilynder was not a cylinder , the top cap , was deformed too , but the greater disapointment was
 First , let me say that my husband and I are smoker morons - we need a book titled ` Smokers for Dummies ' . But , we have always wanted a smoker , and in researching the electric version of this little unit , I found lots of people were happy with it . I also noticed that it can be converted to charcoal -LRB- or vice versa for the charcoal unit -RRB- with a conversion kit available from the manufacturer . For the charcoal version , I was concerned about having to watch the coals for hours to assure proper heat , and being able to control the 220 degree temperature which is perfect for smoking . After using this little puppy for the first time , I am quite impressed with it . The thermostat allows for constant temperature control , and allows you to go about your life instead of baby sitting a smoker all day.The large box arrived with lots of parts , but was assembled in about an hour - the instructions were very good . We immediately put a beef brisket into the unit , turned it on , and added mesquite chunks . The unit came with some hickory chumks to get you started , but we will use those later I presume . The neighborhood smelled like a BBQ pit , and everyone came to see what was going on . Talk about a make-shift party ! The 4.5 pound brisket took around 4 hours to cook . Hindsite , I would have brined the brisket prior to smoking it to help it retain more moisture , but it was not that dry at the end . A little BBQ sauce on the cooked meat handled that problem.The unit recommends using wood chunks , not chips . It tells you to put the chunks on top of the electric coils . Not only did I find this difficult to do -LRB- balance the wood on the electric coils -RRB- but I found that even after soaking the chunks for a hour or more , I had to replace them every hour or so -LRB- I used 2 each time -RRB- . They tended to burn up , and I suspect that is why the brisket was a bit dry -LRB- that , and I bought the brisket at a super market near-by who sells ` select ' meat , so there was little if any marbling in the meat -RRB- . But the taste and the flavor of the brisket was great . Lots of mesquite smoke flavor . We sliced it very thin -LRB- as I had said , the meat had little marbling , so tenderness was not the poor brisket 's forte -RRB- . Added some BBQ sauce , and served it up with potatoes , beans and corn bread . As good as any high priced BBQ pit in the area . I was thoroughly pleased.My one neighbor was shocked that we would purchase an electric version of this unit . He has a charcoal one . He said ` You will miss all of the the flavor with electric ! Why not just steam the meat ? ' . Well , he ate those words right after he ate some of the brisket . We actually got more flavor out of this unit than he gets from his charcoal one because it is difficult to add wood to his , and simple to add it to this one ! I would challenge anyone who says you can not get flavor from an electric smoker if you use wood to flavor the meat.On the positive side of this unit
 I saw the Cooks Illustrated recommendation for this and bought one . I spent an entire summer playing with spice rubs and making bbq sauces from scratch and learning how to bbq . The key is to keep the heat between 210 and 230 with a chunk of wood every now and then -LRB- not mesquite - too strong . I use hickory , oak or apple depending on what I can find . -RRB- This smoker rocks because you turn it up all of the way , close the doors and it stays in that temperature range . Just did ribs and brisket several weeks ago , and people raved . -LRB- If you do brisket , get a full brisket with the point and flat end and a nice layer of fat on the top - the fat will peel off once you 're done but the meat will be moist and delicious . It 's best if you eat it within the hour or so after you take it off . -RRB- If I know I 'm going load it with say too much meat -LRB- if you put a vertical rib rack on each grill < there are two in a typical water smoker > you can load it with slabs of ribs -RRB- , I just add 6 charcoal pieces on the electric coil 1/2 hr before I put all of the meat in and it gets the temp up to 220 faster real quick . OTHER POINTS
 I had never smoked before making this purchase . My primary goal was to smoke fish and thus far , I have used it 3 times to make both smoked salmon and talapia . The smoker was relatively easy to assemble -LRB- took about an hour . -RRB- The instructions are adequate , but not much as far as recipies go . I went to the internet -LRB- salmonuniversity.com was a great resource , with step-by-step instructions on how to brine , prepare , smoke , and store the fish . -RRB- I can smoke about 6 pounds of salmon in about 2.5 - 3 hours . The result is fantastic and comparable to smoked fish I 've had in restaurants . My family , friends , and neighbors love it too . Cleanup of the smoker takes about 10 minutes , which is n't too bad . The construction of the smoker is pretty sturdy and I have not noticed any paint peeling as had been described with the Char-Broil smoker . I have n't tried ribs yet , but that 's next on my list . I would definitely buy this smoker again .
 We butterflied 3 chickens , placed 1 1/2 on each rack of the smoker and followed the suggestions provided with the smoker for cooking time . The chicken was moist and tender . Another benefit was not having to check charcoal , etc. , which gave me time to make the side dishes without interuption .
 These little Mecos are fantastic ! I 've had mine for over 5 year now and it has performed great . After about the first year the electric element began shorting out and Meco sent me a new one free within a week.Over the years I have smoked beef , pork , ribs , turkey , fish , sausage , chicken , veggies ... you name it . Here 's a tip
 I 'm editing my review -LRB- thanks Amazon -RRB- less than a year later -LRB- about 9 months -RRB- to tell you I 've already TRASHED this smoker . I have run into the same exact problem other have , namely the dreaded electic element/controller burnout . Do n't believe me ? Check out Amazon 's own page on the replacement element -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Meco-Replacement-Heating-Element-Grills/dp/B0000CGEQX/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1247782625&sr;=1-1 -RRB- which gets a two star review by the way . The reviews on the side of the main Meco 5030 page tell the story , as others mention the power problems.I noticed that the smoker had been having temperature issues and ended up checking the electrode of the heating element . Sure enough , one had cracked completely where it joined the element , and melted -LRB- metal -RRB- itself so that it was n't straight anymore . The electic controller had plastic burn marks at the hole and the conductors where burned as well . I even thought about shelling out the $ 50 bucks to replace these parts , but then noticed that people were having these issues over and over again , even with the replacments!If you buy this smoker , you expose yourself to a systematic defect since there seem to be numerous instances of this . I ca n't believe this grill did n't last a year . On top of that , the wire grills are rusted out and have lost their coating and the thermostat is broken as well.Planned Obsolescence ? Perhaps , but they wo n't be getting any more of MY money . I 'm buying a new smoker
 I did alot of research when I was looking for a electric smoker . This one seemed to have better reviews compared to others I looked at . Like others have stated the lid does not fit tight . Also mine was missing the vent covers for the lid . The fix I came up with was putting a thermometer I bought for a oven in the hole fit perfect , the other vent hole I just stuffed foil in it to seal it . I 'm going to try to contact them to get the vent covers . Was not a big deal . I 've cooked with it 3 times since I got it , the smoke flavor is awsome I like the `` set it forget it '' with electric . Be sure to soak the wood chunks in water . I used one chunk per 1.5 hours . I must add I also have a smoker with a side fire box and the electric gave me pretty much the same results with less work . I will probably use the electric for the longer cooking time items , then the day of the event finish it off in my wood smoker . Other than the missing vent covers and the lid not being real tight which can be fixed with a little foil . Not a bad little smoker .
 I purchased this for my dad for Father 's Day . It was easy to put together he said and he loves it !
 I bought this smoker after reading the reviews of others . It was delievered before it was scheduled to arrive . we have used it and are very satisfied with the product . I like that you are able to control the temperature on the smoker . I did not like that it was dented when we pulled it out of the box . The lid does not fit snug , causing you to lose heat and smoke . Overall for a low priced smoker it does a good job .
 Once I figured out how to use this smoker it was excellent . I have used this smoker with both excellent and poor results after I worked the quirks out it was great . First , I have had poor results with heating , it would never get hot enough , the answer is this
 I successfully have smoked a variety of meats with this smoker . I had issues at first but got an immediate reply from Meco customer service which solved my problem . Be very sure that the extension cord you use is of the proper amperage .
 This is a great smoker at a great price ! Although the assembly is a little complicated , the product delivers good results . In fact , we liked ours so much , we purchased one for my husband 's parents .
 I am a newbie to smoking meats , but the Meco Water Smoker makes it so easy ! I actually checked each setting by placing a thermostat inside the grill . This make a big difference so you know what temperature you are cooking at . I have smoked a small hen , 12lb . turkey , ribs and a brisket . They were very easy and I get tons of compliments from family and friends . I am now getting requests to smoke meats for them -LRB- for a fee of course ! :-RRB- -RRB- For the price , this is an excellent starter !
 I am new to smoking but this smoker makes it simple and easy . The unit is actuallly fairly rugged compared to some other box smokers.First time out of the box the ribs were delectable . I did have to search the net to find recipes as the operators manual was a bit skimpy . Very satisfied , cant wait for summer . I have not tried the grill part but it looks like itwould work in a pinch if you regular grill was unavailable .
 Meco 5030 Electric Grill and Combination Water SmokerWhat a joy to cook on ! The wood chips make the smokiness come out , and the elctricity makes cooking everything evenly quite easy . What would take 8 to 10 hours on the charcoal smoker is done within 4 hours . The best thing is - no more worries about food that is not entirely cooked .
 I 've had this smoker for over 10 years . The heating element and theromstat have never been replaced and still work perfectly even after leaving it outside uncovered all those years . I use it primarily to applewood smoke bacon but have also used it to smoke brisket , ribs and chickenYou ca n't go wrong with this Meco smoker .
 This is 2nd identical grill I have owned . Great for slow cooking meats without having to add periodic charcoal load.Had to assemble which is not difficult but a little time consuming . The main body had a small dent in it and the lid had a small amount of rust inside ... this was disappointing but not severe enough for me to return it.The first one lasted several years so I am looking forward to a long life on this one .
 Bought this for a Christmas gift for my Dad in 2011 and he loves it . He uses it regularly and it has really held up . It takes a bit of work to put together but he got it figured out within 45 minutes or so but the english version of the instructions never came so it may go quicker for you . Regardless , he has had no complaints and primarily uses it as a smoker .
 This is a very nice grill with good features . The only problems I had are that 1 - no temperature control and 2 - the temperature gauge does n't work on it .
 This smoker was a purchase I made after my last smoker died.The smoker holds a lot of meat to be smoked.I have smoked Salmon and Ribs . Both come out well with good smoked flavor.While four stars is a good rating , it means I would like a few changes in the smoker if I could .1 ; Would prefer that there was a wood chip pan on top of the coils . At times it can be tough to get the wood to burn due to the wood lays `` beside '' the coils .2
 This is the best electric smoker at a great price . I have smoked all kinds of meats on this grill and the results are great . It is so easy to use you can not go wrong . It has an adjustable temperature gage and I have found that if I adjust it so the little window reads just above warm on the smoker the meat cooks well . I might not make a great deal of sense , but when you get it you will understand what I mean . It came highly recommended to me by a friend .
 This works tremendously well . Just did some spare ribs and they were falling off the bone delicious . Have also smoked chicken and it was delicious . Easy to use . I do recommend getting a cover so it will give good service for many years .
 This is my favorite garden flag I ever ordered . Great quality and super cute ! Will be looking for more Bichon flags .
 This was so cute and looks adorable in my yard !!! I love all of the garden flags I have rec 'd !
 I like my Chapin Sprayer because it is easy to operate for a woman and not too heavy to carry when filled up . I use it for weed control .
 Highly recommended for home use.Repair parts are available and not packaged in a kit.Get this Chapin and say goodby to the 1-2 gallon Gilmour sprayers ...
 I love this smoker as it 's very easy to use and homemade brisket beats the local bbq joint offerings -LRB- in the pacific northwest -RRB- . The best feature , and the main reason I bought the MECO , is its side doors which allow you to add water/wood , without having to take the lid off and the meat out.What I 'd like to see better is a real temperature gauge . All it does now is show you Warm/Medium/High . And if you cook a 12 hour brisket -LRB- the best way of course ! -RRB- , you 'll need to turn it on medium/high to get the smoke going for a while before turning it down low for the long haul as the heating element wo n't make the smoke happen when on Low . So a side chamber would be the next step up to make this a perfect solution.Regardless , it works wonderfully as a starter and barbecue is now a staple in my house . Yummmmmmm !
 The smoker was delivered as promised . It took around an hour to assemble it while I was having my morning coffee . If you are in a hurry , just buy your meats from the market already smoked.So far I have smoked beef tri-tip with apple wood , and king salmon with cherry wood . Both turned out fantastic.Beef takes a few hours and the fish takes around one hour ; of course it depends on size and temperature , etc. . It is nice that I only need to add wood chips and turn the electric thermostat on without the need for charcoal .
 This Meco replaces another brand of electric smoker I had . The Meco is much easier to add smoke chips and water than the previous smoker where I had to take the top off . Also , the Meco seems to have a more robust heating coil that maintains the temperature better . A nice feature would be to have a second rack holder inside instead of just resting the second rack on the water pan .
 This is a replacement for another -LRB- not stainless -RRB- smoker . It is as advertised , quite easy to assemble , however , the cover should fit more snuggly as to retain more of the heat . Other than that - a fine unit .
 I use a charcoal smoker , but bought this for my father who really wanted the electric version . After a lot of trying , I could not convince him that an electric smoker was just a big old crock pot . He 's glad he held out . He called me after using it and was thrilled with the results.Brownie points from dad are always a great thing !
 The product is all we were expecting and more . We have used it many times and it works perfect . We would recommend this item to anyone .
 I am very pleased with everything about this smoker . This is my third electric smoker and for the bucks i think it is great .
 We 've used the basic model Meco for over 8 years and are finally replacing it with this new stainless steel one . They 're simple to set up and make it a breeze to cook a great main dish for a dinner party , just put it on and forget about it , and it 's nearly impossible to overcook the food . Our only complaint about our last one is that the interior paint started to peel after a number of years and a lot of use , and eventually started to rust as a result . Not appetizing ! We expect that buying the stainless steel version will prevent that problem in the future , and recommend spending the extra money for this stainless steel version .
 works great - exactly as advertized - great packaging for shipping - thanks
 I got this picnic basket as a Birthday gift for my wife . She 'd mentioned when we started dating how much she always wants to go on a picnic . So I finally used up that gem of information a few years later . The basket is of good size . The plates stack against the back wall so the entire container is open for food and drink stowage . The dishes are all plastic which makes them great for travel . I did a lot of looking and found a lot of those corny wine and cheese picnic baskets and this one was more `` average joe . '' The customer service I received from Shopezus was great . At first Amazon notified me that the shipper was late in confirming shipment . So they instructed me to contact the shipper for more information . Upon contacting the shipper I found that they had sent an e-mail that my product was on backorder . I of course never got that e-mail . However , this began an onslaught of customer service on their part . They were ferocious about making sure that I was completely in the loop on the shipment status . The basket showed up a week late for my wife 's Birthday , but she was nonetheless thrilled that she finally had one . I recommend the product on it 's durability and functionality and I recommend the seller based on their steadfast dedication to seeing that I was completely satisfied with the product .
 The item arrived in a timely manner . The basket was a wedding shower gift so I opened the box and inspected the contents . Everything was a described on the site . I am very pleased with the item and the service . I purchased the Picnic Time Oxford Basket with service for four.RevVandy
 Great lil smoker . Only downside is temp gauge . It would be better if it was numeric .
 Bought this smoker for my son for Christmas . First of all , it arrived about a week before I expected it , which was great . My son has already used it 3 times since Christmas and is just delighted with the results . He says it cooks faster than he expected , but the flavor and juiciness of the meat is terrific . The size is fine too - he has cooked ribs and sausage for 6 , and also a whole large chicken . He has already recommended this smoker to a couple of his friends !
 After several hours of searching and reading reviews of many different budget smokers I bought the Meco 5031 . Easy enough to assemble . Kinda cheaply made , but it is a budget unit . I did check out the competition -LRB- under a $ 100 -RRB- at the Big Box stores and they were cheaply made also . You get what you pay for ! I have used this smoker once and it did a fairly good job . The Pulled Pork tasted great , was tender and moist . I did find it difficult to regulate the heat with the vents in the lid of the unit . Could best control in side heat by adding small chunks of lump coal at a time and leaving the top vents wide open . Hopefully with more practice I 'll get this part down better . So , if your on a very tight budget this will get the job done with a little bit of babysitting . If your budget will allow , and you like quality built items , maybe spend the $ 200 to $ 300 for a better unit .
 The Meco smoker has really won our family , this is the second one we have purchased . We have tried other smokers but none other is as consistent with preparing food quality , it is always cooked evenly and throughly . The price is pretty amazing also , we got a extra 30 dollars off for registering with Amazon Visa , so we got it for 46 instead of 76 . I do highly recommend this product ... if you , enjoy great food !
 I hooked it up and it works just like a new one . Good product at a lower price !
 they work great , last one i had for 10 yrs , out side connector broke off.so i stayed with the same one . it works .
 This chlorinator is exactly the same brand and model number that was selling locally for almost twice the price . It is an excellent chlorinator and works great .
 grt product ! fast shippin ! works grt on the pool , installation was easy , does all i wanted it to do highly recommended !
 Received the item in good condition and it works like it should , thanks.Bob Scott
 We have a thorn bush that needed trimming . In the past we have tried using hedge clippers and getting stuck by the 1 inch long thorns . We purchased these long reach loppers and the job was done quickly with no pain . The handles easily slide in or out to various lengths . We could n't be more pleased with the loppers .
 It does everything the product description says it 's supposed to . I 've been able to cut branches with it that I used to need a saw and/or a ladder for .
 We love our Shiba Inu flag . The Shiba shown on the flag is beautiful and looks like our family pet . The stand is durable and held up during windy days .
 A while back I purchased a set of Apollo pink hardware tools for my wife - Apollo Precision Tools DT9706P 39-piece Pink General Tool Setand they were excellent and so I thought this set would also help her in the garden . First thing you notice is the storage briefcase is huge ! I was expecting a small case like the General Tool Set but this is massive - as wide as a washing machine . It has lots of tools there as you can see in the product pic , and they 're well constructed and fit really tight in the case so wo n't be lost after use . Speaking of which , the shocking pink color has a very real-world use since when you place a tool on the soil to tend to some plant or something you can easily find it again thanks to the bright pink . I do n't know why so many garden tools are painted to be as stealthy as possible . Perhaps the manufacturers are hoping you 'll lose the tool and have to buy a new one . There 's no worry of that happening here!Great , functional garden tool set worth every penny .
 Apollo Precision Tools 18-Piece Garden Tool Set , Pink #DT 3795PThis garden tool set is very complete and the tools are sturdy . I purchased this set to replace all of my old gardening tools and have been impressed with the quality of the tools . The plastic items are just that , plastic and wo n't last long I am sure , but tools are well worth the price .
 My wife loves her pink tool set . Now she doe n't need to use mine , and I can find my tools where I left them. ,
 I got these as a gift from my husband . These tools are sturdy and comfortable in your hand . I like that they have their own box and a place for each tool . I can tuck this set away and make sure no one uses it and loses the pieces . The pink color is nice , it makes it more appealing to me . I would buy these if I were you !
 She really does enjoy these tools , They are well made they do stand out because of the bright pink will be hard to bury or lose . a little pricey but its worth the cost
 This was a great gardenibng kit for my wife ... she loves it ... and uses it regularly . I highly recommend it.You need to keep the hand pruners clean ... or they will not work as well over time .
 I got this as a present for my fiance who is a landscape designer . She loves it , the tools seem very durable and are also very light weight . I think it was a fair price and a great investment .
 I had my doubts when I bought this for my wife . I was completely dumbfounded when she opened the box at Xmas and I saw how sturdy this set was ... plus all the extras it comes with . Well worth the money and a donation to breast cancer research at the same time . Excellent !!!
 This is actually sturdy and functional - I love it besides all that for the color .
 Got this for my mother as a mother 's day gift from Walmart . She loved it .
 I am so pleased with this item I decided to write my very first review here on Amazon . I bought this unit as an alternative when the forest service in Arizona puts a ban on campfires -LRB- quite common during our dry summer months -RRB- . We went camping last month without being able to build a fire . Although we managed to have a nice time , it just did n't feel like camping to us . Anyways , as soon as we got home I started researching different propane campfires . The prices are all over the map and some of the more elaborate models did n't appear to recreate a `` fire '' . The thing I was most concerned with was having a nice flame . This little unit does not disappoint in that department . On its lowest setting the flame is around 6 inches or so tall with almost no hissing sound from the propane . On the high setting the flames are maybe 2 feet above the unit . I was surprised at how high the flames got ... lol . The downside to the highest setting is the hissing sound is pretty loud . As others have said the logs that come with this unit seem very fragile . The only difference between the `` campfire in a can '' and this unit as far as I can tell is the logs . The campfire in a can has logs that are molded together to look like a pile . This unit has individual logs that you stack to your liking . The molded style is better for transporting as the logs wont bang into each other as you carry the unit . I plan to individually wrap the logs to protect them from breaking during transport . So to get straight to my point ... If you want a natural looking fire and not the wimpy flames you see coming from your propane BBQ grill , buy this immediately . I hope my review was helpful for you .
 This is a fun addition to our RV . Many campgounds and RV parks do not allow open wood burning . Always a dissipointment for us as we love to sit around a natual camfire . It 's always fun to roast hotdogs and marshmellows . That 's when we break out this little firepit in a can . The unit is small with some artificial , but fairly natural looking logs ; much like a gas fireplace in your home . All you do is unlatch three latches , udjust the logs ; although we did find that the logs did n't match up well with the holes and pegs that were on them ; however it made little difference how you stcked those logs on the bottom ones . You then unwind the gas hose which is wound around the stand , under the pit and attache it by hand to a Propane tank which you can put up to eight feet away . The unit is mostly for the atmosphere . It puts out a litte heat , but it 's not going to keep you warm on a cold night . And we miss the crackling of the wood . -LRB- you can hook up your I-pod and play fire sounds -RRB- The unit overall works great . You can adjust the flame from low to high but the higher you go , the louder the hiss of the propane . We found that a medium flame was good . We bought a small bag of Rockwool and put some small pieces below the logs for the extra look of burning embers . You may be able to cook a hotdog over it , but we choose not to because it appears the grease would make a mess of the logs and they do n't look easy to clean . All in all , I think it 's a great idea and it works well . Do keep in mind that you will have to haul an extra propane tank as , even with an adapter , I do n't think it would run long on small tanks .
 The Wife wanted one of these cause we never seem to get a fire going outside the 5th wheel . Was not too sure how one of these was going to work but decided to give it a try . I like it ! It 's easy to set up , take down , and store . I use a little 5 lb tank -LRB- easy to carry around -RRB- with it and I set the flame to where you can just hear the hiss of the gas . Can get a few nights out the 5 lb tank and it 's less than $ 3 to refill . You are not going to stay warm from this thing if its 30 degrees outside but will do OK when it 's in the 60s . Works great for kids roasting marshmallows , not sure about hot dogs , but have not tried it yet . Showed it to my neighbors , they bought one too , Other neighbor is considering to as well . Construction seems fine to me , well built . Only complaint is one of the 3 snaps that hold it closed always seems to pop open .
 We travel in our Komfort trailer to many places and some RV parks do not allow firewood burning . So we thought this would be a great alternative for those locations . Although it is small , we liked the fact it would not take up much room while traveling . We tested it our with our grandkids at this one RV park so they could roast hot dogs and make Smores ! Well they loved it and grandma liked it as well ... so this grandpa made a few brownie points !!! It does put out ample heat ... but most importantly still nice to be outside and enjoying the evening air ... and yes of course `` ghost stories '' !
 Just got it in a week agowe have used it on the deck with a20 # tank . I bought an adapter fromnorthern tools to go in the 1 # small tanksIf you are going to do this Keep the smalltank standing up or liquid will getin the regulator and freeze it up.I use a base from a single burner stove tohold the tank up.We are taking it to Myrtle Beach next weekAnd I cant wait to use itTHe kids like it a lot . I have not burnedit enough to gt times on the tank . But I keepit at about 4-6 in flame . At this size it doesnot his or make any noise and should burn less gas
 All the other reviews are pretty accurate in my opinion , this is a very nice LP campfire , in a very small package !!! It makes decent flame and heat on high , but there are two tricks I havent seen mentioned anywhere.One trick is to tape over the air intake holes above the 90 fitting -LRB- or replace this drilled 1/4 '' coupler with a new one -RRB- . This stops the loud hissing many complain about when on high , makes the flame more calm , natural , seem bigger and ironically it feels hotter too . This could create some mild soot over time because the flame is `` dirty '' without a lot of air , but I dont care . I dont need to touch anything . You let it cool , wrap the hose , put the top on , and go.The second trick is to remove the 90 '' 1/4 '' elbow and using a hex wrench , screw out the restrictor . This will make a HUGE difference and your flame will be as big or bigger than you actually want .
 We have enjoyed many happy hours with this portable campfire . Just the right size for storage in the fifth wheel and is a very sturdy piece of work.Gives off enough heat to keep you warm and its pleasant flame gives folks visual entertainment . I felt the cost was right.Dont drop the logs , they are breakable.Good buy for the money .
 It is great ! Easy to set up . When there is high fire warning and we can not make a fire , we are able to use this and the kids still get to roast their marshmallows . When the kids are happy , the adults are happy !!!
 This is one purchase we do not regret . Love the Little Red Camp Fire . It is so easy to use and so nice and compact to carry in our RV . We are extremely satisfied with this product and recommend it highly .
 We have used this little campfire on our patio . Great for having a few friends over and gives enough light from the fire and a little heat too . Would not warm you much on a really cold night but so nice not to have the smoke and sparks .
 Absolutely great ! We love it . I highly recommend this for the patio or for camping . It does make a hissing noise when you crank the fire up but there is no reason to have the fire turned up so high that the hissing noise is an issue . The greatest thing is for camping there is no messy clean up compared to bringing a wood burning fire pit . I also purchased the optional valve to use for the small camping propane cylinders which I also recommend .
 Have n't used it yet , but the Little Red Campfire is just as advertised . Seems like a quality product that will be easy to use and transport . Going on a short RV trip in about a week . Ca n't wait to use it .
 I had read where others liked the Little Red Campfire -LRB- LRC -RRB- in a camping forum I frequent . I took my Little Red for a test this weekend at a nearby campground , which had a burn ban in effect due to the drought conditions . They do still allow propane fires and I placed LRC onto the metal grate over the inground fire pit at the campsite . I thought LRC may be a little too small when first examining it , but it was just right ... especially on the grate . I adjusted the flame to where it was a good height , but also to the point of where you would n't hear the gas hissing , using the gas control valve . It looked and did great , while all of my camping buddies liked it . We have one member in our group , who has sinus problems that real campfire smoke irritates to the point where he get 's sick ... so we 've been cutting back on the campfires . It 's just not the same , if you go camping and do n't have a campfire . LRC fixes that . With Little Red Campfire , you can still have a campfire , without the smoke ... as well as being able to use in places where real campfires are prohibited . After reading in other reviews where the logs can be broken , I made sure to re-wrap mine in plastic bubble wrap bags , that will hopefully protect them during transit . I really liked how everything is self-contained in one case . I would recommend this product to others and will be buying another one myself for a Christmas gift .
 We recently purchased one of these `` Little Red Campfire '' units to take camping with us up in Glenwood Springs here in Colorado . With the drought , and large amount of forest fires in in Colorado , there is a burn ban in place for the state . The only way you can have a fire is if it is generated by propane , such as the `` Little Red Campfire '' . We clarified with the Glenwood Springs Fire Dept. and also with the campground mgmt. , and they all assured us it was legal to use . Too bad it was soooooo real looking at night at the campground , because we had 8 , yes I said 8 , different people come over and start yelling at us about having a wood fire . Too bad a couple of them were to busy being beligerant for us to explain that it was propane and propane was allowed . They complained not only to park mgmt about us having a `` campfire '' , but also called the fire dept TWICE on us . The mgmt came down on the first night and said `` folks , the Fire Dept. called and said they got complaints about a campfire here , you need to get a bucket of water and extinguish it immediately '' . My reply was , `` well , I 'll just walk over here to the PROPANE tank and turn it off if necessary , but you said not 5 hours ago that propane was allowed '' . Once he realized it was propane , he instantly changed his tune and apologized . He said `` you guys carry on , and I am so sorry to bother you '' . The next day I prepared anyone I saw sitting outside by telling them we had a `` Little Red Campfire '' and it is a portable campfire that runs on propane . We only got one complainer the next night , but he said he saw the propane hose as he was walking up , and that he realized what it was . He said , `` well , initially I was coming over here to yell at you about your wood fire , but now I am going to ask you where you got it , because it is soooooooo much better than mine '' . He said that he had another popular model , but that it was n't nearly as realistic and large-flamed as ours . This unit actually puts up a good-size flame , and a large amount of heat also . I would recommend this to anyone as we absolutely love ours . It is simple to use , easily storeable due to it 's small size , and has exceeded our expectations !
 I had an image in my mind of how it would perform ... but it impressed me more than expected . I have a VW Westfalia camper van . Maximum space usage and availability are very important . The `` Little Red Campfire '' performs perfectly at the small size that it is .
 Everyone should own one of these . I bought one for my mom because she is getting a little older and lifting the heavy wood onto her fire pit was getting to be an issue . She also wanted a fire pit on the back porch , but it is not safe to have wood burning fire pits on top of wooden decks , for obvious reasons . This thing is amazing . It is easily attaches to the big propane tank we already have under the propane grill on the deck , and it is so easy to start and to adjust the flame . The ceramic logs look great and after a while they really absorb the heat , so you can turn the flame down and they put off a lot of heat like embers in a fire -LRB- they even glow red like embers -RRB- . When you are done , just turn it off , wait for it to cool , and pop the top back on and bring it inside . It is amazing . After using it twice with my mom , I bought one for myself.PROS
 Enjoy the convenience of this unit . We spend 5 months in a park that dose n't allow open wood fires . This unit allows the enjoyment of having a outdoor fire . Just great .
 I love this little campfire . We use on our camping trips on the John Day River.The hose that comes with it is nice and long so the propane bottle or tank can be placed a good 10ft away from the fire.Uses very little propane until on High.For sitting around it after dinners we set it to Med Low.Packs up into a nice small can . The price is also $ 100 bucks less then the other brands.I would highly recommend this product .
 Came in in great shape . Works very well . I am very pleased with this ! I may buy the grate for it yet .
 Just what I expected , small enough for rv travel , nice ambiance and flame , takes off the chill . Just like the reviews said it would be .
 Just got it today and set it up on our deck . The temp outside is 47 and it was great . It does put out some heat when your close to it . It was almost too hot for my wife . Granted no wind . The flames are realistic and it was fun to play with . Its nice to know when were camping this year we now have a fire I can use anywhere and at any time , Rain or shine , morning or night with out poking a fire or getting smoke in my face all the time . Worth the $ 100.00 bucks .
 Wish it were a little bigger , but does provide a fair amount of heat . Hooks to attach the lid keep catching on the bottom , and it is a little annoying .
 A light weight little camp fire that can be used in open-fire retricted areas . Hook it up to your BBQ propane cylinder and away you go for ample warmth during a night of scary camp fire stories.I purchased this at a great price as a Lightening Deal but would recommend to anyone who camps or just likes to spend time outdoors on a chilly evening .
 when the time or place does n't allow for a real wood fire . Performed above expectations . Very portable and adjustable , from a low ambient fire , to and a full heat and cooking fire .
 We have a larger fire pit but hate to have the smell of wood burning on our clothes and in our hair all night . This is a nice size for us to store in our RV .
 This little campfire is much better than expected , we used it in an area where we were basically camping in the grass at a ski area , was awesome to have a fire where there were no campfires allowed .
 I bought this for the cabin since there is a fire ban for wood fires , but gas fires are okay during the summer months . Also , in town we can not have an open fire going any time of the year . The fire pit works great and produces a good flame . The heat out put is good for when it is chilly out . The only drawback is that I needed to get a new propane tank , since mine has inside threads and not the new outside threads . Besides that I think that it is a good product and would recommend it to others . I do like how the lid locks on to be able to carry it from place to place .
 I would have to say I 'm pretty impressed with this gadget . It 's small , but is very convenient and you do n't smell like smoke afterwards ! It stores nice ! I wish it had a 12 foot hose instead of the 8 foot hose , but all in all I would get it again and recommend it .
 I have purchased two different unit before . One at camping store and one at Hardware store . This unit preforms so much better than either one of the others . They lasted two years each and I am in the first 5 months on this one . good buy .
 This was a great purchase for us and our RV . We really do n't want to carry wood , but the idea of a campfire , so that we -LRB- and the grandkids -RRB- can have our marshmellow roast , is all part of the camping experience . And , there are RV resorts that do n't allow real campfires so this works great ! And , puchasing this from Amazon actually saved us $ 20.00 ... : > -RRB- -LSB- ASIN : B000O51VJ0 Camco 58031 RV Olympian Propane Camp Fire -RSB-
 Due to the recent firewood restrictions a fire is n't always possible or you have to buy wood from local vendors , which can become expensive . This portable gas fire can is just the ticket to keep the campfires burning . The ambiance is there without the smokey smell that sometimes permeates your clothing . And when you are ready to call it a night , you just turn it off . There is no waste or mess . Let it cool off and put the cover on and you are good to go . Works just like described .
 Bought this little unit when the forest service shut down campfires . Works great . Two drawbacks of it is the hiss when it is on high along with the soot that forms on the logs . It can cook a hot dog and marshmallows . Just takes a little longer . Cant wait to use it in the back yard when we want an escape from the day to day doldrums . I would def recommend it .
 This product worked extreamly well for us on a recent camping trip . The only way it could be improved is to make it a bit larger .
 I first saw this unit at the motorhome resort in Newport , Oregon where we own a lot . A friend had purchased this , placed it inside a large ceramic pot with rocks filling about half of the pot , then the Little Red Campfire , then some extra lava rock . Very neat adaptation . It is not like a roaring bonfire , but it does add wonderful ambiance , and does provide some heat on a cool evening . I bought one for myself , and just place it in the middle of my picnic table at the resort . That works great as well . You do n't even need to crank it up all that much to get a nice amount of extra warmth . You just ca n't be all that far away from the unit . I love sitting outside in the evening on the Oregon coast , but nights do get chilly there , even in summer . You still want a jacket , but his device definitely takes the edge off the cold air.I now have a 2nd unit for my home patio in Arizona . Nights there can be pretty nippy as well . I can either put it in the middle of a patio table , or on the floor of the patio with chairs around it . I may duplicate my friend 's creation by using a larger ceramic pot to house the unit . We can lower the shades we have all around our patio to keep out excessive wind and be very comfortable . I 've found that , when placed on a table , and at a somewhat lower setting , you still get a good amount of radiated heat without excessively depleting your propane tank . You just want to shield the unit from wind , which will fan the flame towards some and away from others . Keeping the flame as upright as possible distributes the heat more evenly , and you get a better `` bonfire like '' effect . Crank it up as much as you like for effect!I also like to go on short camping trips with a group of friends here in Arizona . We all have small travel trailers , so it 's not exactly `` roughing it '' . The Little Red Campfire will be a great tool for these outings . You can safely set the unit on almost anything , with 4 to 6 people around it , and enjoy the benefit . Besides , firewood is not that easy to come by in the Arizona desert ! Just do n't expect too much from a small , portable unit , but I think you will be impressed with what it can do . It 's hard , if not impossible , to improve on a nice wood burning bonfire , but this unit will definitely give you a modest , but effective , option.By the way , I can not determine any benefit from acquiring the competitor unit -- `` Campfire In A Can '' . It 's nearly identical , as best as I can tell , and considerably more expensive . The only concern I have about the Little Red Campfire is durability , but I see no reason why this unit wo n't last a long time . It 's affordable , portable , versatile , and reasonably effective . I think it 's a winner !
 This is amazing . It puts out more heat than we actually thought it would and we were able to roast marshmellows and hot dogs during our summer camping trips . It is easy to store and use we love it !
 This small , portable propane campfire is great and is rated safe for fire restricted campgrounds . We tried it out last night and found that the heat the unit put out , while not as much as a roaring wood fire would be , was acceptable . Granted it was not cold last night , but with the adjustable flame it will do the job . I would recommend this item.Camco 58031 `` Little Red Campfire '' RV Olympian Propane Camp Fire
 This campfire in a can is awesome . Took it to Maine camping . One night it rained . At night we were the only campers with a fire due to everyone had wet wood . Worth every penny . Also this is great for campers who cant use wood at some campgrounds . Plus so much cheaper to use propane . One tank last us almost a full week .
 Purchased because the campground I do most of my camping at does n't allow wood fires at the site . Campings not camping unless you can sit around a fire at night ! Nice small campfire . It sits a little low to the ground so I build a small brick stand for it to sit on . The hose is plenty long enough to safely keep the grill sized tank away . Nice fire even at the lowest setting . I 've only had a fire for two nights , so I ca n't tell how long a tank will last ... but on the lowest setting it seems like it will last for quite a while . The cover holds everything in place and its great for the limited storage of a smaller camper . Since it 's a hard cover you can stack other items on it with no worries . Great purchase !
 We have camped during the Thanksgiving holiday the last 35 years with friends and family usually at a campground that allows wood fires . This year we tried another location not allowing wood fires and purchased this portable fire as the alternative . Boy , did it do the trick ! We had at least 10 people sitting around the fire , keeping warm , and roasting marshmallows for smores . We are extremely happy with the product and will be purchasing another for our daughter 's birthday in January .
 Not one to write reviews I just had to say something about this propane fire place . We just spent two weeks on the outer banks of North Carolina . Two campers facing opposite ways so our awnings and doors opened to each other so we had an area of about 14 ' by 16 ' that was covered by the awnings of the campers and every evening as it got dark this little fireplace was lighted to provide light and warmth . I have to say it was perfect , as we all sat around it and talked and it provided enough light and heat that made everyone want to be around it . It is adjustable so it could be turned up for more heat or down for less . No need to collect firewood , get rid of ashes , worry about cinders shooting out of it . It makes a fire that is so real looking that people that would stop by would n't realize that it was propane . We had a 30lb propane tank and we estimate that we used it for about four hours every night for at least ten nights and the tank feels like its about empty ... well worth the times we had around it . Our friends in the other camper said they will order one when they get home .
 My first opinion was the fire is too small , but after using it and cooking marshmallows the size is fine . We carry it in an RV and the portable arrangement with a cover is perfect . Best of all no smelly campfire smoke ! I had been price watching this for over a year . When I saw it under $ 100 I bought it , and no regrets .
 There are enough reviews that I guess I do n't need to bloviate , but I had some concerns before I bought it , and I 'll just address those : It 's well made . It 's not a cheap toy , it 's heavy and sturdy , and I ca n't see it breaking in normal use . The logs are delicate , like all similar fireplace logs , and they might not survive a lot of travel . The metal parts though , no worries.It can put out a bunch of heat , in fact , the flames can be turned up to the point of dangerous , as in 3 feet above the top of the unit . With a little wind , you could burn down a village . It also sounds like a jet taking off at that level , so you will probably be willing to keep it down to a whisper at the campsite.I also bought the grill that attaches above the logs , it 's also well made and sturdy , though you would n't put your food directly on the grill . Use a pan .
 This item is great for your outside fire 's . They are safe and most area 's you can use when fire are prohibited .
 Little Red Campfire is a big step down from real a wood campfire . With fire bans during droughts or firewood transport bans in Minnesota . This is a nice option to NOT HAVING A FIRE . Provides light and flame , no smoke , embers or smell of a campfire.Hissing gas is a bummer when flame is turned up , better than nothing ! Protect the fake or faux logs , brittle ceramic logs made in China , another bummer - no replacement logs available ! ****** Watch out for gas leaking from swivel at the black knob n hose to tank . Our first had bubbles when sprayed with soap solution , tightening more did not help . Just got the replacement from Amazon , hope it does not leak too ! Time to hit the road ...
 Works great , can use when ther is a fire ban , or you do not have fire wood
 Bought this little fire so i could quit buying and carrying wood in the camper . Took it too Tahoe for a 7 day test run it did great hooked to a 5ga propane tank ran everynight for hours medium high we brought home half a tank of propane , Logs are very delicate i wraped them in socks to protect them I think this stove is gon na be fine . gave off a lot of heat for its size . Im gon na get an adapter for the 5ga tank for my cookstove and a lantern and quit carrying those disposable tanks this thing so far is a winner .
 This propane portable campfire is great ! We love it ! Very portable , just 15 lbs and takes very little space in the bin . Great to be able to have a fire in just a few minutes , and even better to be able to shut it down instantly and go to bed without worrying about hot embers . Can be hooked up to your main motorhome LP tank with adapters and additional hose . It does use lots of propane on high , but not bad on lower settings , still with good heat output and no smoke to burn your eyes like real campfires . Even better yet , you do n't leave the fire ring with your clothes smelling like a campfire . The cost of the propane is a good trade off for not having to buy and tote wood . Now with the insect problem in wood , most campgrounds do n't allow you to bring in wood from outside of the area . This item solves that problem too .
 Due to drought conditions in many places we camp , ground fires are not allowed . This little propane campfire is just great . We finally got to use it on July 4th and made S'Mores on it . Plenty of heat to toast the marshmallows and it really does look like a real fire ! Great fun .
 We booked a campsite on a beach knowing they did not allow campfires -LRB- wood-burning -RRB- . What is camping without a campfire though ?! This little red campfire was perfect for our needs ... and totally legal in a fire-restricted campsite!A little on the small side , but that only made it easier to carry , set up , and pack in the car . Other reviewers mentioned it does not put out any heat -LRB- which was not a concern for us -RRB- , but we found that it put out a little warmth - perhaps not so much if you are camping in cold weather though.We really enjoyed the ease of use and the `` campfire '' ambiance this little fire provided . Smores came out perfectly , and campfire stories were hilarious - Much better experience than sitting around a lantern or a few candles after sunset !
 Just awesome ... good heat and flame is adjustable . buy the cook top and it is a stove ... awesomecheap and well made . . highly reccomended
 Bought it 2 months ago and it 's the greatest ! Our campground does n't allow campfires with wood for safety reasons , but this is terrific . It 's small but that 's the beauty of it . After it cools down , we pack it in our compartment below and there 's no mess . Several people asked us where we got it . You wo n't regret this purchase .
 I purchased this because in Oregon you ca n't have open campfires during the summer in wild/scenic and other outback areas . The unit worked well . It 's pretty small , but still throws a good ring of fire ... enough for 7 folks to sit around after dark in the glow of something other than a lantern . The logs are a bit cheesy , it seems like they will break easily , but they did last through 4 days getting loaded on/off a raft . The best feature is the lock down lid , not having to keep this thing in a cloth bag . We just tied on top of our barge load .
 This is an awesome little product . We just spent a month camping in Florida and due to the dry conditons we could not have a campfire . My wife was disappointed until I got this little devil fired up . Awe , peace on the home front !
 With our new Little Red Propane Camp Fire we had a 4 day camping trip to the High & Dry Bluegrass Festival in Bend Oregon this weekend . Everyone loved the way our fire looked and as the evening chill arrived , it actually helped keep us warm . I placed 5 large rocks in a circle around it to give it more of a campfire look . As folks walked by I overheard several comments about `` I thought campfires were n't allowed . '' Eventually the man from the fire department that was there for the festival came by to tell us how great it looked . We were camping in a white Westfalia pop top camper with a white canopy . The glow from the propane fire reflected on the white and made it seem especially bright , even with a very very small flame . We 'd seen the Little Red in use at the Fossil Bluegrass Festival in July which led us to this purchase . We are really pleased with our purchase . -LRB- We also bought the grill and were able to multi task and use the Little Red with our cast iron frying pan to cook our bacon and eggs . -RRB-
 Exactly as advertised and fits nicely in my outside fire pit . You can buy an adapter for a larger LPG tank , which of course gives you more burn time .
 This is the perfect Picnic basket for a romantic picnic . It has everything you need for a romantic summer dinner in a park . It includes wine glasses , silverware , plates , blanket , cooler/heater bag , and leather bindings to hold everything in place . The basket is well made , and seems rugged enough for a short hike through the woods . It is fairly large , but it is not too large , or too heavy .
 My husband purchased this basket as a gift for me while he was deployed . In the summer , we picnic once or twice a week . It has proven to be dependable and convenient . The top does not want to stay open and the blanket is not suitable for a picnic blanket . After several years of heavy use , the only structural problems were caused by a cat .
 This is a very well made , quality product . My wife and I wanted it for our occasional road trips and It has worked out great .
 Surprised my girlfriend with a picnic for our one year . She loves the basket , perfect for two!Definitely worth the price , THANKS !
 This was a gift for my son and daughter-in-law . They ca n't wait until the weather is a little nicer so they can take advantage of the basket . Everything they need but the food and drinks .
 Delivery was quick and the product was exactly what I was looking for . Sturdy construction and hopefully many years of use out of it .
 For years I have considered upgrading to a classic picnic basket and this one was worth the wait ! Each item from the stainless flatware to the thermal zipper cooler is impressively done . This will surely make your picnic a special event . It was also a nice surprise that the 8 '' porcelain plates came with a green plaid trim that matches the cotton napkins . The only down side is we can only get one bottle of wine in the basket at a time . Our solution is to purchase the Picnic Time Vino Wine and Cheese Basket for Two ! Having both sizes will give us more excuses to make every hike and afternoon stroll special . Highly recommend !
 The Girlfriend loved opening up this gift . The basket itself is made of really good quality , as are all of the components . Honestly , when I saw the price of the thing I thought it was a ripoff , but my girl wanted something like this so I picked it up . I am glad I did , as the items are all durable , and of good quality . The basket is large enough to have a nice sized picnic , and it comes with everything you need for the picnic except the wine and food . It is worth the money .
 I recently purchased this basket as a wedding gift . It arrived completely intact . All pieces were wrapped . Basket is very sturdy . Whole thing is adorable !! Ca n't wait to hear what the happy couple thinks of it .
 When these tree rings work , they work well . Unfortunately not all brands of these are created equal and you will not find out until you have used it for at least three years.If this brand turns out OK I will post an update . On some brands crabgrass will grow into them and riddle them to the point they need replaced .
 ... with these mulch mats . The mulch mats are doing a good job with weed suppression around my foundation bushes and allows water to pass through . I 've noticed no pooling . I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 What I love most about Best-1 hummingbird nectar is the fact that it contains nothing artificial or harmful . Who would choose to feed a bird something that could harm it ? It is convenient to use and dissolves quickly . In every way , I am completely pleased with this product and intend to use nothing other than Best-1 in my hummingbird feeders .
 We have tried several feeders and nectars for hummingbirds . Best makes the best without a doubt . The feeders and the nectar work . I have to say though that buying a $ 15.00 container is n't a problem , it was the $ 8.50 for shipping that I could n't believe . I will purchase it from a local source and not off of Amazon .
 We have a lot of Hummingbirds and put out four feeders . It was getting expensive . Found this at Amazon and it was a great price compared to buying it locally .
 There are no dangerous additives for the birds , and shipping is less costly because it 's a powder - why pay to ship water ? So long as your feeder has red flower spots , red coloring is not necessary . I live in a rainy , cool winter area , so the hummers who stay all year -LRB- Queen Anne 's -RRB- really seem to appreciate this food while the bug population is lower . And during the summer , I could hardly keep the feeders full .
 This is an excellent prepared sugar mix for hummingbird feeders . It contains two different kinds of sugar for energy , it 's easy to make up , and the birds seem to like it . We 've been using this product for the past several years and we 're very pleased with the results .
 This feed is very easy to mix and the birds love it . Our feeder is red plastic so there was no point in buying nectar tinted red . My only regret is that I did not look at the price label on the first jar that I bought at a bird feeding specialty shop before I ordered online .
 These pots are a very nice size for my small Bonsai plants . Beautiful colors , these are lovely . The packaging was very well done . It even stood up to our delivery mans attempt to smash the box . The glaze is beautifully crackled and each pot is truely different .
 Wonderful find . I recently found out that my heritage is Acadian so started looking for a flag . I received it very prompt and very happy with it , the only thing is that I was n't aware it had grommets for I had planned to hang it below my American Flag . Other than that if I could find another one I would send it to my sister . its beautiful !
 I ordered this flag a few days ago and have already received it !! I am very impressed with the speed and courtesy of this vendor and highly recommend them .
 For that price , I was n't expecting anything fancy . It says polyester , and that is what it 's made of . The print job is good though , and the flag on the whole looks good .
 Very good quality . Exactly as advertised . Very fast service . I would certainly order again from this vendor . Good price too !
 This item was just what I expected . It has a good sound and is very cute .
 My step-mother really loves hummingbirds , -LRB- watching , feeding and all -RRB- , so I got this for her bday . It came in perfect timing and she really enjoyed it . She hung it outside right away .
 I 've owned the K-12 surface cleaner for 3 months and have used it several times and it performes as advertised ! The cleaning effect is the same as using the regular nozzle except it covers a wider area -LRB- 12 inches -RRB- and no water splatters , just a small amount oozes from under the unit . It does `` float '' and makes cleaning floors , decks , and walkways a snap . I have n't used it on vertical surfaces but think it would work as well .
 I was worried after reading other reviews , but it works well with my presure washer . Model K 3.87 . Even got the bonus of having a extension that works with my sprayer and wash brush too . All the adjustments work well and I cleaned my driveway -LRB- 1000 SQFT -RRB- and will do my deck and garage floor too . The `` hovering system '' with twin sprayers and brush around the edge cleans EVENLY and keeps user dry . I am not sure about vertical surfaces , although the unit is light . I would buy again , just make sure it fits your washer , with the `` push and twist '' Karcher connection system .
 I used the Karcher surface to clean off years of grime from our patio , porch , and sidewalk . The concrete looks so much cleaner and brighter . It enables one to cover a larger area in less time , than if you used just the wand spray . I am glad I purchased it .
 The Karcher K-12 cleans my brick side walks and patios better than I hoped for.It even cleaned moss build up 4 to 5 times faster than using a power sprayer without the K-12 . This attachment provides a powerful wide cleaning area and does not require alot of effort to use .
 I have the 1600 system ; I checked Karcher 's website before ordering this to be sure it would fit on my system . It does a fantastic job on my concrete driveway and patio surfaces , uses much less water than the wand , and the `` floating '' makes it very easy to use . I have tried it on vertical walls , -LRB- per the manufacturer 's literature it can be used that way -RRB- but it 's much trickier because it 's harder to keep it under control . But for horizontal surfaces , I think it 's a winner .
 We purchased the K12 along with the K520M pressure washer , it saved much time cleaning a filty pool cement deck , we had to rinse off and do detail cleaning with the Quatro nozzle . We are totally satisfied with this attachment , and very pleased with the results .
 I already owned a Karcher power washer , but needed something to cleaning driveways and sidewalks . I purchased the T350 and used it for the first time yesterday . It worked like a charm , cleaned the areas easily and quickly . Already did my deck with just the power washer , so need to wait until next year to see how the surface cleaner works on that as well . I cleaned about 500sqft of driveway in about 20 minutes . I 'm sure just using the powerwasher wand itself would have taken a few hours . .
 this hammock stand serves the purpose very nicely , looks enormous . came with free shipping , and arrived very quickly . the box it came in was torn , but all parts were there . all in all i am quite pleased with this item .
